the content economy(tm) ted o'neill ted@narrative.network white paper version february this white paper not prospectus. all details are subject change. this document does not constitute offer sell, invitation induce offer, solicitation offer acquire securities. this document provided for informational purposes only and does not constitute investment advice. our white paper may contain 'forward-looking statements' that is, statements related future, not past, events. this context, forward-looking statements often address our expected future business and organizational plans, the performance, and development the narrative platform integrated with blockchain, and often contain words such 'expect', 'anticipate', 'intend', 'plan', 'will', 'would', 'estimate', 'forecast' 'target'. such forward-looking statements their nature address matters that are, different degrees, uncertain. cannot guarantee that any forward looking statements, backtests experiments made expected results operation the narrative platform will correlate with the actual future facts results. introduction e*con*o*my /@'kan@me/ central tenets narrative content narrative personal journals niches brands transparency governance network rewards revenue flows and the fiat conversion option staking value the network user reputation and content ratings content moderation user moderation decentralization token sale use funds token supply language the tribunal the organization advertising how users collect network rewards tips timeline market size legal considerations market comparison team the future summary appendix token sale background appendix channel comparison appendix risk factors for token sale introduction it's time for content creators get rewarded for their hard work. narrative self-sustaining content ecosystem where members are charge, users get paid, and the world's best content, every subject imaginable, easy find. narrative content economy, generating rewards for content creators, moderators, and others who positively contribute the quality content the network. narrative autonomous, transparent, and completely user-centric. reputation scores and content ratings ensure that "bad eggs" have minimal impact and that quality users and content rise the top (and are rewarded the most). the economic motive for narrative reward all users who add value the network. narrative the world's public journal. there are three types content channels narrative: personal journals, niches (subject-based collections), and brands. users can follow specific narrative channels and view stream all content they track. all content public, curated and managed elected moderators. best all, all revenues generated the network flow directly the active participants (e.g., content creators, active participants, moderators, and other positive influencers). the narrative organization ("organization") manages the software development, technical infrastructure and product marketing, but has role moderating users content. all revenue for the network logged and managed using blockchain technology ensure immutability and transparency, but the network itself may include off-chain functions ensure outstanding performance and powerful search capabilities. narrative makes visible all actions moderators and leaders, that the community whole can ensure properly represented. it's great content, the people, for the people. e*con*o*my /@'kan@me/ "an entire network producers, distributors, and consumers goods and services local, regional, national community." the first true content economy, narrative disrupts the traditional business model for social media networks. for current social networks, there economy; there only subjugation. the producers and consumers content traditional social networks all the work and realize none the income. the economic motive for the corporation running the network increase profits through the sale advertising. users have control over whether their personal data shared with third parties, input editorial decisions, and their content can censored any time for any reason monolithic corporation that calls all the shots. they have seat the table, and fact their sole role keep generating content the corporation can sell more ads. with narrative, however, the participants the network engage symbiotically toward the common goal creating and maintaining reputable environment. narrators are essentially owners the system, because everyone has equal chance prospering, based the quality their own actions the network. the value the narrative network represented the nrve token, cryptocurrency that used pay for items value (channels, advertising, etc.) and reward the users who positively contribute the network (content creation, commenting, votes, and more). revenue sources for the network will include: niche and brand channel ownership fees advertising issuance nrve tokens revenue collected the network held and disbursed the following manner: content creators: narrative organization: niche owners: activity rewards: niche moderators: tribunal: let's review the different types users/areas the system, that easier understand the payout structure above. narrator any registered user the network. all users have their own (free) journal that they can post anytime. content creator narrator who posts content the network. the narrative organization the organization that manages the network software, infrastructure and marketing. tribunal the tribunal like the "supreme court" narrative. tribunal members are elected the community, have steep qualification requirements, and serve time-limited terms. the role the tribunal the final arbiter disputes, and the tribunal has powers for taking action when necessary. niche niche subject-oriented channel that any narrator can post to. niches are created narrators, but each must unique and must approved vote all narrators who are "rep pos" (have positive reputation). every authorized niche must have one owner and one more moderators. these owners and moderators earn network rewards, based the overall popularity each niche. brands brands can set brand channels narrative, but brand owners and moderators not participate network rewards. activity rewards narrators earn activity points for various activities, including commenting, voting for nominated niches, voting tribunal elections, up-voting/down-voting content, etc. users who have earned activity points during payout period are eligible for activity rewards. note that users may receive negative activity points, well, for behavior that harmful the network. sale until the network launched. this will give them more insight into the development progress before launch. founders any person that contributes neo more the narrative token sale will classified "founder" when they register the network using the same email account they used for the token sale. founders will receive the following special rewards: niche ownership advantage: when launch our early alpha, codenamed chaucer, march only founders will allowed reserve/ purchase new niches for the first two weeks. this gives them huge competitive advantage reserving the most popular subject areas. activity points bonus: for each reward period, founders will receive bonus for the number activity points they accumulate. thus, the founder generated activity points, would add bonus points his total. this will occur for the life the founder's account. exclusive access: founders will granted exclusive access the narrative team via dedicated slack channel from the end the token central tenets narrative autonomy the community users the network create their own niche channels, create the content, elect their own leaders and moderators, and even approve the ads that appear. the narrative organization manages development the software and pays for the infrastructure keep things humming along, but has involvement managing the content posted the network. transparency have true autonomy, the entire system has transparent possible. with narrative, every action taken moderator (or any user with any authority) displayed for all see. every revenue-related transaction cataloged immutable blockchain. anything value impact visible for all see. ownership all users truly own their content and profile data narrative. they can export their data anytime. ownership also reflected the role all users have governing the network whole. economic benefit users should rewarded for behavior that benefits the network. similarly, user reputation should important factor determining the impact user's actions. all revenue generated the network should directed its active users. crypto barriers cryptocurrency not highly adopted yet. thus, the network cannot thrive and compete with other networks requires its users use cryptocurrency. thus, advertisers will have the option pay with fiat currency and network rewards can also received fiat currency (through crypto/fiat conversion process). content narrative narrative designed the world's journal- place for individuals, groups, and businesses tell their stories and post their thoughts. narrative post might single photo, collection photos, text only, mixture text and photos. the idea that users can use their own journals for personal perspectives, and/or use niches post about specific subjects. brand spaces give organizations way have more controlled areas where authorship limited authorized users only. niches work similarly tags during the content creation process. the author can associate his/her content with three niches. acceptance into niche subject approval niche moderators. the content creator may also suggest new niches, which would subject community approval. general, envision narrative being home for long-form content, but obviously narrators will determine how best utilize it. narrators can follow niches interest, other narrator's journals, and brands. and they can view content via aggregated stream everything they follow course directly via the channel's stream. the reputation and rating systems are used narrative automatically bury low-rated content and feature highly rated content, though narrators can customize their settings disable minimize these automations, desired. personal journals every registered member narrative has personal journal. this their own personal narrative, and the only content personal journal the content that journal owner. all journal content always public and any registered member may comment. personal journals cannot have moderators. personal journals may suspended the tribunal for any reason. (and note that users may report personal journal content the tribunal.) niches one the three types content channels, niche subject area into which any narrator may publish content. all niches should unique. you should not find one niche called "new england patriots" and another called "ne patriots". the goal create unified content streams around singular subjects. this helps create more focused content and allows narrators subscribe knowing that they are following all content given subject. that said, subjects may quite broad very narrow. for instance, "nfl" niche much broader than the "new england patriots", but they could coexist, since they are not identical. each niche that created should have value. and for that reason, the creation new niches goes through approval process. narrator suggests/nominates new niche. narrators vote during -hour period. the reputation each narrator influences the impact each vote. the higher the rep, the more impactful the vote. once the voting period complete, the niche receives vote score greater than becomes authorized channel. because niches are essentially communal posting areas, critical that each one has "owner" act the overall manager, well moderators for managing the content the niche. niche owners are responsible for nominating moderators their channels, but rep pos narrators actually elect each moderator that nominated. there only one owner per niche. when channel becomes authorized, then open for any rep pos narrator request the niche owner. bids are accepted for hour period for any new channel. reputation will influence user's ability bid and/or limit the number bids the user may place for niche. addition, there will limit the number niches any one member may own. both owners and moderators niche are compensated for their efforts participating network rewards, based the overall popularity their channel, compared others. this incentivizes owners promote their channels and appoint excellent moderators. fact, owners who not have any moderators for their niches not qualify for network rewards. important avoid duplicate niches narrative. for that reason, any narrator may report that particular niche redundant. such reports will reviewed the tribunal. more than tribunal members agree that redundant, will merged with the primary niche and all content from the channel will merged into the primary niche. refunds are not given owners redundant niches. the user who reports the redundant niche awarded activity points, once determined redundant. owners must pay annual fee purchase the niche. they fail renew the fee, the niche re-listed for new owner. annual fees are paid nrve tokens (though fiat purchase option available). because some niches may prove quite popular, expect see land grab niche ownership. maintaining ownership niches may prove quite profitable over time. brands narrative will support brand channels. these are intended for organizations that wish publish content narrative but need control who can post the content its channel. they are also ideal for publishers. brand owners appoint their own moderators, but, unlike niches, their moderator choices not have approved the vote the community. brand channels also have the option exclude network ads (for fee). brands pay premium ownership fee for the special privileges they receive. addition, brand owners and moderators not participate network rewards. with niches, each new brand channel must approved the community via vote available for any rep pos narrator. this allows the community ensure that each channel the site reflects their overall values. addition, brand can lose its rights function narrator petition the tribunal. brands have some other unique qualities: moderator payments unlike with niches, brand moderators not qualify for network rewards. the reason they not because the brand has tighter control over the selection moderators (there community vote). many brands will want strict control over the moderators they employ, this makes sense. however, narrative still provides mechanism for brands optionally pay their moderators. with the moderator compensation feature, brand can set specific recurring payment rate per moderator. these payments can nrve tokens, can fixed dollar amount that auto-converted nrve the system the time payment. when enabled, the brand will able deposit fiat currency nrve tokens that the system will draw upon auto- pay each moderator every pay period. depositing fiat currency, conversion fee applied, order encourage the brand deposit nrve tokens directly instead (as well account for the exchange rate risk and processing costs). pay day, the brand has insufficient funds cover the moderator payments, the brand will given hours deposit sufficient amount. after hours, still short funds, the brand site will suspended (and will not reinstated until the balance paid full). content creator reward overrides some brands may wish require that the brand owner share the content reward for all content published the site. for instance, imagine use case where publication wishes use narrative platform. the publication owner could require that all its published content split with the authors. another example: company that already paying the salary for its content authors may wish have all content creator revenue flow directly the brand owner. with the optional content creator reward override, the brand owner can designate exactly how content created the brand site credited terms content creator rewards, setting percentage allocation for the owner and percentage for the creator. editors brands offer unique role- editors. editors are similar moderators, but their role serve reviewers new content. the use editors optional; when enabled, the site can set rules about how editors interact with new content. for instance, rule could set force all content reviewed editor prior publication, even have two different editors review content before publication. editors also may edit the author's content, well set child rating, and set publication date/time. brand owners not receive any network rewards for their role; however, just with moderator payments described above, brand owners may designate specific payments editors, well, desired, recurring basis. transparency one the hallmarks narrative transparency. because autonomous, user-run community, important that much information possible available all users, including: automatically hidden from users under age (and for users not signed in). moderators can modify the status anytime, well. note that there overall age limit for registering narrative. actions performed moderators: users must able see every action moderator takes that performance can monitored and moderators are accountable for their actions. narrators can evict problematic moderators popular vote. revenue: every user profile, narrative will display the revenue earned that user currently and all time (with graphs). addition, each content item will display how much has earned the creator. network rewards each month will also summarized (revenue per source and how distributed). the platform will also display how much advertisers pay for each (historical log). fiat conversation fees collected the organization will also made available for anyone see. approval new niches: new channels should not added without the community users reviewing them first. this ensures that new "subjects" are not introduced without general consent. approval ads: advertisements must also reviewed advance ensure that they meet the standards the community users adheres to. child protection: content creators can indicate whether the content they posted kid-friendly not. content not rated kid-friendly niche and brand vips: every niche and brand will display its current owner and all moderators and users will able contact them via private message. private messages will only supported between users and owners/moderators, however. user-to-user direct messages will supported initially. organization financials: the audited financials for the organization will reported online every year. tribunal elections: all tribunal elections will held online and list all current tribunal members will also posted. governance while the organization responsible for all product development, marketing, and infrastructure management for the network, has role terms content policies management, user management, overall governance the day-to-day activities inside the network. the terms service will clearly stipulate this, well assert the network reward payouts. activity within the network governed the network users themselves. fact, the network users can also alter the network payout structure and the activity point system. order ensure the continued operation the organization the provider the infrastructure. however, the organization guaranteed always receive least all network revenue. the organization also controls the fee charge for fiat conversion, well all channel ownership fee rates. community-elected tribunal the governing body the network, and has final say issues within the community. major policy changes must approved the tribunal, well, and are also subject approval the community large. the tribunal compensated via network rewards. the narrative committee serves bridge between the organization and the network. representatives from the organization and the network will serve the committee, which shall meet quarterly review issues, plan for changes, and consider amendments operations. this committee also has oversight content taxonomy for the network. while the network has authority over issues involving software, infrastructure, marketing, will have voice. similarly, the organization has authority terms content user management the network, but will have seat the table understand issues that may require software infrastructure improvements. this will small group, comprised least but more than people (split evenly between network and organization). the network will elect its representatives once per year, but only tribunal members will qualify. the committee will formed one year after the network officially launches. until that time, the organization will oversee content taxonomy management. network rewards the lifeblood the network the network rewards fund. all revenue generated the network, including new token generation (after the genesis token generation event), advertising sales, and channel ownership fees, always included the network rewards fund and the fund distributed recurring basis the following manner: the only revenue not included network rewards fiat conversion fees, which are always paid the organization, which processes all such transactions. note that payouts not include gas fees (fees required process each transaction the blockchain), which may reduce some payouts. reward recipients not have own any nrve tokens qualify for rewards. until advertising becomes vital part the system, the revenue generated from minting new tokens (retained the network) will significant source revenue for the network, with the value predicated the market value the tokens. better explain how the network will sustain itself via the proposed business model, the following table provides example (though none the specific dollar amounts should construed projections). network reward distributions are made each month (though more frequent distribution may used), based activity the previous month. let's break down how things are divvied up: content creators narrative calculates all content that had activity the month, with activity being defined comments and down votes. user reputation impacts each assessed activity. each content item given score for the month based the activity that month (this independent its overall score, which reflects alltime activity). once all eligible content has been scored for the month, the content ranked. only the top all content eligible for content creator rewards. addition, content users with very low reputation scores not eligible. this done prevent users from trying game the system for recurring payments. each content item's share the content creators rewards based this formula: content item score aggregated content score for eligible content content creator rewards value narrative organization the organization receives the network rewards fund value. niche owners the share paid each niche owner based the content rankings for the previous month described above for the content creators reward. once the content creators rankings are completed, those content items posted niches are correlated each niche. each niche then given aggregated score based the total content scores for all associated content items. each niche then receives pro rata share the niche owners reward, based this formula: niche content score content score for all niches niche owner rewards value niche moderators payouts niche moderators directly correlate the payouts niche owners. thus, the niche content scores calculated above are used calculate the niche moderator payouts. thus, this formula used calculate the payout for each niche moderator: niche content score content score for all niches niche moderators rewards value) number moderators niche activity rewards recipients anyone who received activity points the previous month qualifies for activity rewards. there are number ways earn activity points (including comments, up/ down voting, etc.), and each qualifying event has its own point formula. note that bonus applied activity point totals for the period based each user's month-end reputation rank, like so: reputation rank bonus and higher for founders, the reputation rank bonus applied after the founder bonus (%) applied. the formula for calculating payout per activity points holder is: (user activity point total for month total activity points issued month) activity rewards value tribunal tribunals split the tribunal rewards equally, based the number tribunal members the end the previous month. revenue flows and the fiat conversion option though narrative uses cryptocurrency process all transactions, important that the system designed that users not have have any understanding cryptocurrency, nor require that they set cryptocurrency wallets. after all, the process establishing and maintaining crypto wallets fairly complicated currently. accomplish this, many payment and payout mechanisms the system will support fiat conversion into dollars. note that niche channel ownership fees will not have fiat conversion option, however. the organization will manage and process all such conversation between the nrve tokens and fiat currency. any time user pays withdraws fiat currency, however, fiat conversion fee will applied. the fiat conversion fees will retained the organization and are not included network rewards. clear, all cases, nrve tokens will applied. with the fiat option, entities and users have the option pay receive fiat, but the underlying transactions are all conducted using nrve tokens. for example: advertisers will quoted nrve, but may alternatively pay fiat. narrators who have earned nrve tokens via network rewards may opt for cashing out fiat instead. for revenue paid fiat, the organization will purchase nrve tokens the open market using the fiat funds and then place the purchased tokens the network rewards fund. similarly, for payouts narrators for network rewards balances, the organization will sell nrve tokens the open market and use the proceeds pay the narrators fiat. because this process may timeconsuming, network rewards payouts made fiat also may take days process. it's possible that efficiencies may developed, well, for example, automatically swap tokens required for advertisement purchase with tokens sold for reward payouts, reducing the net market order transactions. let's take closer look how revenue flows into and out the network. all cases, tokens are the currency that powers all transactions. below, you will find diagram that details the inflow revenue. fiat payments are always converted tokens for inclusion the reward fund, which comprised only tokens. and here look revenue outflows- payments members who earn rewards. staking value the network niches and brands are purchased "owner". each owner pays annual fee (in nrve tokens) maintain the niche brand. for niches, the annual fee for new niches will set the start each month based the following formula average ownership payout per niche): (previous month network rewards fund value total niches) the annual renewal fee for specific niche will calculated using this formula previous year's revenue for channel): previous year total ownership payout tokens for that niche for niches, initial and renewal fees are subject minimum us$/year, however. for brands, the annual fees will fixed (price tbd). niche ownership fees must paid using nrve tokens. note that when the network initially supports niches, founders will given least two-week head start reserving/purchasing the first set niches. during this phase, only founders will able reserve new niches. user reputation and content ratings critical component completely community-run system user reputation and content ratings. every narrator has reputation score and rank that based all the actions taken the user. all content rated based narrator opinions. importantly, narrator reputation always influences content ratings. and how narrator's content rated impacts his/her reputation. this manner, reputation reflects the actions user, well how others perceive the user. reputation also tracked over time, narrator's reputation graphed and easily followed any user the system. improving reputation over time can rewarded systematically via activity points, for instance, providing economic incentives users who improve their stand the overall community. importantly reputation and content ratings also impact network rewards. for instance, every content creator eligible receive network rewards, but the user's reputation and the content ratings for the content posted impact the reward payout (and, some cases, low ranking/ ratings may preclude the narrator from receiving rewards). reputation the reputation score based formula that considers the following factors, among others: age account (how long since registered) average content rating (based posts and comments made user) correlation between user's votes and overall content scores (as well user's votes and other outcomes). other words, the user's votes correlate general community voting results. activity points received the past month (and recent months) (more better) reputation scores and rankings are updated once per day. rankings are based how the user's score ranks compared all other scores, using the standard competition ranking method. these rankings are important that they are the multipliers used for most voting mechanisms the system. content ratings every piece content has rating/ score based the and down votes the audience. each vote weighted based the reputation score the voter, well. thus, user with higher reputation rank will have more impact the content rating than user with lower reputation rank. ratings system primary component for ensuring community harmony and rewarding the narrators who are the most positive influence. machine learning may aid with assessments over time, but will never replace ongoing assessments narrators. note that "kid-friendly" flag available for each piece content and comment. unchecked, the content/comment will not displayed for users under the age when user creates content comments, can determine whether this checked not. moderators can also change this setting. (note the network will require all users older.) content flagged "not kid-friendly" will never displayed users under years old. while the formulas used assess reputation and content ratings may change over time, the reputation and content moderation without oversight, ecosystem content created large number users may degrade, overrun spammers and other ne'er-do-wells. narrative supports moderation two ways: automated rules and machine learning numerous automated rules are place reduce the effort required the human moderators. examples: niches new content and comments posted users who have registered within the past week always moderated (not published until approved elected moderator), except within the first month niche start date. content comments posted users with negative reputation scores are always moderated. content comments users with low reputation ranks are buried. content comments posted users with extremely low reputation ranks are not permitted. personal journals users with low reputation scores are prevented from posting their own personal journals. when scores move above the minimum threshold, though, permission granted. comments personal journals are not permitted users with negative reputation scores. personal journals with content with average rating that very low may have its content buried and may subject review the tribunal (and may receive temporary/permanent ban). brands comments brand channels are not permitted users with negative reputation scores. brands that consistently post content users with low reputation ranks with content ratings that are low are subject review the tribunal and may have their brand channels revoked. human moderation all niche and brand channels have their own moderators, responsible for policing and curating the content within their channels. each narrator also acts personal moderator for their own journal, allowing them remove disable comments. for niches, moderators are nominated their owners, but must elected vote all followers the niche. the influence each vote depends the reputation rank the voter. all actions performed moderators are logged and viewable all users. the niche users are unhappy with particular moderator, they can petition the owner remove the moderator. (note: owners can also removed petition the tribunal.) for brands, moderators are selected the owner. there community vote. however, all moderator actions are also logged and viewable all users. users may petition the tribunal request removal brand channel. the tribunal serve the top-level decision-makers make final decisions concerning content and users. the moderator pool because moderators are vital the success the community, narrative will also support moderator pool, where channels can advertise openings and moderators can list their availability. niche owners will not qualify for network rewards unless they have moderators place, this area may crucial help channels recruit and place moderators. owners will able see the reputation score/rank for each potential moderator, well any channels the moderator has moderated. moderators soliciting for jobs can indicate whether they prefer niche and/or brand gigs, well subjects interest. there limit the number channels user can moderate. see the moderation role being vital part the system's health, and envision talented, dedicated moderators taking multiple moderator gigs the content economy, generating significant revenue for themselves the process. user moderation the tribunal will granted authority ban/remove any registered member the network. tribunal members will have access reports that identify potentially problematic users and may take proactive measures. member may banned from specific channels. for personal journals, the journal owner may ban any other user from participating his/her site. for niches and brands, moderators may ban users. for personal journals, the ability ban only conveys the banner reputation positive. all ban actions will appear the channel logs (for all channel types), just like any other moderator actions. channel bans may temporary permanent. all channel-specific banning will listed the person's profile (transparent for everyone) and will impact the user's reputation score. member feels has been improperly banned, may appeal the banner and, not resolved, may appeal the tribunal, which has final authority. member found improperly banning people (for instance harm their reputation), the tribunal may take punitive action against the banner. decentralization the goal the project decentralized possible, while still offering blazingly fast performance, powerful search capabilities, and support for user control over content (including the ability edit and delete your own content anytime). thus, due current limitations with blockchain technology, the initial implementation will likely begin hybrid application that combines centralized content management system with decentralized blockchain systems. over time, though, the goal decentralized possible, while still offering outstanding performance. the system will likely use decentralized identity management services for users, well. not achieved initially. equally important, however, that users able edit and delete their content. privacy regulations like the gdpr must adhered to; members the system must have control over their data. such regulations many ways fly the face immutable ledger, and must considered when considering which elements are stored blockchain. while neo will utilized for the nrve cryptocurrency, the system will likely utilize another blockchain/ distributed ledger system manage broader scope transactions (including the recording fiat payments). various systems will considered for that, including iota, hyperledger, and others. storing the content decentralized manner important goal, even token sale the nrve token will the utility currency for the network and the genesis block those tokens for the system will created the conclusion token sale. this will set the initial value the network and provide the resources launch the organization. million nrve coins will minted during the token sale and distributed the following manner: tokens reserved for the company reserves will used for content creator enticements, marketing, corporate operations, other incentives designed increase the branding and influence the network, and other purposes required the organization. the token sale schedule will listed our token sale site http:// tokensale.narrative.network. million tokens will sold the crowdsale. whitelist users will required register participate the token sale (at any stage). the registration process will include collection kyc information, well aml checks ensure that funds from illegal sources are not used. the registrants will supply the neo account used for contributions. those authorized accounts will serve whitelist for the token sale. the only accepted form payment will neo. new registrations may capped times, permanently, depending overall demand. users from certain countries may also prevented from participating; currently, only citizens china are prohibited, but this list countries may change any time. caps and unsold tokens the token sale fails sell more than neo, the organization will cancel the token sale and refund all proceeds users. the hard cap approximately neo. unsold tokens will burned. vesting tokens granted the team will subject -year vesting period that begins only when the network actually launches. tokens granted the company reserves will vested over -year period. use funds early alpha the platform focusing niches will available the last day the token sale (march the money raised from the sale tokens will used help fund operations the organization for the first years, until the revenue from the network able fully fund operations. such, will used for human resources, infrastructure costs (legal, licensing, contractors, office space, data centers, etc.), and marketing. token supply million tokens will issued part the token sale, with maximum million tokens issued lifetime. once narrative released service, new nrve tokens will minted (and released directly into the network rewards fund) over period years, with maximum million issued each the first years and then decreasing amount for the remainder until the million maximum limit reached. language narrative will focus the english language only, initially. however, the plan support unique communities per language. thus, anticipate launching spanish, french, german, korean, japanese, italian, and other languages the platform. each language will separate narrative site that does not share members content with other narrative sites, but that still use the same nrve token system. some cases, however, language primarily serves one market (like china and india), will roll out customized versions the platform that use their own cryptographic token. these specialized networks may also utilize different network name. note that some countries, like china, have their own laws regarding blockchain technology, taking this approach will allow serve markets that may have unique requirements. each language will have its own unique set channels (niches, brands, etc.), significantly increasing the overall value the network through additional channel ownership fees and advertising. the relative market sized country listed below. source: statista: https://www.statista.com/statistics//number-of-social-network-users-inselected-countries/ the tribunal the tribunal the ultimate governing authority the network. this elected group people can make final decisions regarding content and users. one the primary day-to-day tasks the tribunal oversight the taxonomy the network. the tribunal has final say over whether particular niche unique, for example, and reviews/manages community input about niche appropriateness and content general. the organization decides the maximum number tribunal members, and that number will scale the size the network increases over time. less than three tribunal elected members are active, the organization will appoint temporary tribunal members (from amongst the narrative community) until such time least three community-elected tribunal members are place. become tribunal member, network user can apply for open position (via the tribunal openings page), but the user must meet the following requirement time election: have reputation rank greater than the term tribunal member one year. after one year, the position goes for re-election. the tribunal member free apply again, but has advantage compared any other qualified users. tribunal member may not serve more than terms. the organization the organization manages the software development, infrastructure, and marketing for the platform. all infrastructure costs are borne the organization. the organization has authority manage content users the network. its overall goals for the network however, are: provide frictionless system for rewarding the contributors the network. provide automated tools ease the moderation burden for moderators. allow users manage their profile and delete their accounts and content any time. protect all users' privacy. users must consent allowing any profile information from being shared with any third parties, including advertisers (and rewarded they do). provide outstanding software that works well all devices. strive for much decentralization possible, while still providing outstanding experience. all costs operating the system will borne the organization, that usage always free for users. users should only ever pay "gas" fees (for blockchain transactions) when they buy sell nrve tokens (perform financial transaction). the organization will only retaining network revenue*, but operating lean organization are confident the model will succeed. addition, revenue for the organization will substantially supplemented the early years the revenue from the token sale. note that fiat conversion fees will also received the organization. advertising advertising system will added narrative, completed within months the beta launch the platform. this system will important cornerstone the network. importantly, advertisers will never have access any personally identifiable information for network users (unless specifically authorized each user) and data about users will ever sold narrative. advertiser chooses one more channels/tags/demos advertise to. ads are sold units time (one week, for example, not pay per click pay per view). the can targeted for time period the future, well. advertiser posts content when bidding. dynamic pricing will used set proper price points per ad, based historical traffic data. advertisers will bid space for specific niches/keywords/ demographics. auctions will automated and based specific time periods (one week one month). when advertiser submits new ad, pays associated fee, but still subject approval the community large (over hour period). this ensures that ads meet the community's standards. users who vote ads are rewarded with activity points. ads based demographics (user location, age, gender) will only targeted users that have authorized sharing their demographic info advertisers. such users will also compensated receiving activity points for each month that they authorize targeted demographicbased ads. here's how the advertising bidding process will work: not approved public vote, the advertising fee paid refunded advertiser. approved, scheduled for display schedule supplied advertiser. brands have option disable ads (for additional fee). all advertising revenue will contributed the network rewards fund. advertisers can pay with nrve tokens with dollars, though fiat conversion fee added, paying with fiat currency. how users collect network rewards each payout period, narrative distributes the payouts for the network rewards and updates each user's profile with the amounts credited based the prior period's activity. users may collect multiple rewards (based being content creator, niche moderator, activity points, etc.). narrators will see the current credit (as well total credit available, previous credits were not claimed). the credits must formally claimed the user via their control panel. the credits will shown both nrve tokens and dollar equivalent (based exchange rate that time). the user prefers fiat payment (us dollars), payment made via third party (such paypal) and there fiat conversion fee. the fiat conversion option also requires days process. there handling fee receiving nrve tokens instead and, that scenario, the payout instant via standard neo transaction. the user simply provides his/her wallet address and the tokens are transferred them. the user can also store wallet addresses (or paypal addresses) their profile for easy transfer the future (and once set up, the user can have auto-claiming turned on). importantly, user has not claimed any rewards over one year, all tokens will reclaimed the system this manner: returned the network rewards fund for redistribution. users have recourse once tokens are reclaimed; rewards will not reissued. reminders will sent users two weeks before tokens expire. tips while the network rewards are the primary economic engine narrative, the system also allows users send each other "tips" using their existing token balances, for any reason. common use cases would send tip content creator who created great content, perhaps owner tipping moderator for handling difficult situation. basically, any narrative member can tip any other member, using any portion their personal narrative balance, including balances that they have not yet claimed. there limit the amount that can tipped, other than the available balance the tipper's account, but all tips are non refundable. when received, tips are added member's overall token balance and thus are eligible for conversion fiat, well, desired. the tips mechanism may extended the future for supporting things like crowdfunding encourage someone create content certain subject. timeline early alpha the platform focused solely niches, will available march with the complete network scheduled launch (as beta) have set the following timeline for the first two years: market size the market size for social media obviously already proven and massive. per statista, the number people using social media billion and that number projected reach billion per statista, social media marketing spending expected reach nearly billion however, view narrative much more than social media disruptor. see disrupting the publishing industry, especially traditional magazine and newspaper models, because content creators will have less reliance publishers, who reap most the profits from the content they create. the narrative ecosystem, writers, photographers, and other creatives can publish their work directly and reap significant rewards without middleman. legal considerations the goal narrative give users control over their content not allowing anyone (not even moderators) edit their content any way and allowing users remove their content from the network any time. that last point will important consideration when designing the platform, because traditional feature decentralized applications that use blockchain that the content immutable (cannot deleted). thus, the platform will need ensure that user control (including editing/ deleting) supported, regardless the technology put place. another consideration, especially since the system being managed the network users, how deal with things like copyright infringement, illegal activities, and government take-down notices. and when the content decentralized, the location the content becomes ambiguous. furthermore, the organization will have authority over the management the content, but will have comply with legal government take-down notices. the overall goal the platform allow the community determine what content appropriate and displayed through the reputation and content rating system, well via the moderators and the elected tribunal. but narrative needs limit the legal exposure that those individuals have, since they are simply making best efforts take actions that reflect the desires the community large. what extent can community users, spanning many cultures and governments, impose its own publication guidelines (decide what stays and what goes) without being superseded any one government's edicts, especially the content itself only controlled the user that created it? these are fairly profound questions that must accounted for the terms service. the organization will seek protect the rights the network users, but acknowledges that compliance with government directives will necessary. market comparison there strong evidence that the model proposed narrative will thrive. steemit blockchain-powered social network modeled after reddit. uses complicated cryptocurrency models (multiple crypto token types) reward content creators based the number up-votes received. currently has market valuation over billion million (as jan per coinmarketcap.com) and has seen steady adoption over time, albeit mainly users who are familiar with the cryptocurrency space, due its overall design. moderation, governance, and transparency; providing more flexible and deeper rewards system; supporting powerful search features; and developing more complete, structured content system. addition, narrative has tangible revenue sources (advertising, channel ownership fees, etc.) its economic model and does not require crypto order use/benefit from the network. authors the steemit network have realized significant income posting quality content. it's also being developed team with over years' experience building online community platforms. fact, the development the narrative platform will jumpstarted licensing core technology from social strata. narrative significantly enhances upon the nascent model developed steemit incorporating reputation, here comparison narrative with steem, well some major social media networks: narrative steemit facebook/medium/instagram users users corporation reward users who add value network reward content creators primarily profits for corporation through advertising sales user-elected moderators/tribunal none corporation can user export own data/ content yes network rewards (revenue for users) yes yes; though not extensive transparent moderator actions yes user tipping yes who controls advertising users n/a corporation who has executive authority all content users users corporation advertising brand channels none n/a yes immutable financial transaction records yes yes payouts users both crypto and fiat yes n/a user reputation scores yes content scores yes moderator pools yes ios/android apps available yes yes web version available yes yes yes advanced search supported yes yes users can delete own content yes yes governance economic motive content moderation team narrative was founded ted o'neill, who also founder and ceo social strata, inc. social strata's flagship product hoop.la, saas online community platform, with customers that include pepsi, bose, dun bradstreet and monster. hoop.la highly scalable platform for user generated content and much the technology developed for that platform will licensed narrative order jumpstart development. few the executives from social strata will joining ted the narrative team, including brian lenz, cto, and rosemary o'neill, the marketing officer for the company. dr. michael farris, will also join the management team. michael has extensive technology experience, much focusing community development and management. with nearly twenty years experience developing enterprise-class applications, all focused user-generated content management, the narrative team uniquely qualified deliver its promises. advisors for the project include: christopher penn: vice president marketing shift communications, best-selling author, and noted keynote speaker. michael moore: former coca cola brand manager and current ceo the international african american museum. chris pirilllo: noted content creator (the locker gnome) and influencer. paul allen: founder ancestry.com, keynote speaker, tech entrepreneur. sergey vasin: coo, blackmooncrypto. the future while the initial focus blog content, narrative's ultimate goal the amazon content, eventually offering support for podcasts, video, and potentially even original programming/films. the content economy created and maintained narrative can extended support brand-controlled advertising (for organizations with large audiences their own) and premium memberships. the goal the home for content all types, whether created "amateurs" professionals. the ratings and reputation systems baked into narrative only enhance the content marketplace extends. the transparency the system ensures fairness for all participants. focusing the economic benefit for participants the network, narrative uniquely positioned create true land opportunity for creators and fertile ground discovery for consumers content all types. summary it's time disrupt the business models for social media networks and traditional publishing. narrative's content economy will revolutionize social media networks and content publications. its mandate put users first and provide economic motive for success compensating members based the quality and popularity their content, and any positive contributions the network's ecosystem whole. with completely user-run governance system and transparent approach data, narrative truly gives the power the people and completely cuts out the middleman. content will live die based its popularity and the morals and opinions the community large. there will censorship monolithic organization, and the moderation that does occur will enacted users elected the people. while narrative utilizes blockchain and crypto maintain its value, not "crypto network". any user, matter their experience comfort-level with crypto can use and reap rewards from the network. competing with established social networks will not easy, but with reward system that clear and demonstrated, there will plenty incentives for content creators (and those seeking great content) find new home. and while the powerful, proven technology the blockchain will power the transactions, that same technology will not need understood for the average person use the system. the organization will have three purposes- develop the software, provide and manage the infrastructure, and market the network. while the technology and business model will revolutionary, the team recognizes that major marketing effort will required reach consumers and prepared execute that. addition, the organization will actively recruiting leading content creators join the network. the narrative platform will developed one the most experienced teams the online community space, with core technology available from day one via licensing deal with social strata, order jumpstart software development. the underlying technology will doubt change and adapt over the years, but the central tenets the system will remain- user autonomy, transparency, content ownership, and economic rewards, with the fundamental goal putting users first terms management the content and reaping the rewards the system. business dictionary appendix token sale background important early milestone the development narrative will the usage token sale help fund the initial development the project. the token sale involves selling certain percentage "coins" (aka tokens) from the minting the initial block cryptocurrency tokens (called nrve) for the platform. those tokens will function utility for the system, allowing funds and out the system tracked transparent manner. token sales are relatively recent method crowdfunding, but one that has become quite popular within the blockchain space. the first token sale may have been mastercoin far however, over billion has been raised via the token sale process. fact, july alone, token sales raised over million, while traditional vs/angel investments amounted just over million. many governments throughout the world have yet determine whether token sales should regulated some way. the u.s., for instance, the sec announced july that that may have authority apply federal security laws token sales, case-by-case basis. because the uncertainty about u.s. imposing regulations the future, many token sales exclude u.s. citizens from participating. many companies choosing offer token sales set their operations countries like switzerland and singapore, however singapore has recently announced that will considering some sort regulation token sales. the u.s., important the token sale pass the "howey test", which determines whether something should classified security. the underlying token token sale considered security, then government regulation should expected. some companies are looking make token sales more regulation-proof limiting investments accredited investors only. for instance, filecoin, which recently raised over million its token sale, limited its token sale participants those who met the requirements for being accredited investor. here listing some significant token sales far (as august product sale date amount raised filecoin august million tezos july million eos ongoing (-year sale) million+ raised far banco june million status june million tenx june million narrative will seeking raise approximately million its token sale and has received legal analysis that concludes that should not classified security, according the howey test. cointelegraph.com, august https://cointelegraph.com/news/ico-funds-pass-vcfunding-filecoin-adds-more forbes, july https://www.forbes.com/sites/laurashin////filecoin-icolaunching-next-week-aims-to-resolve-token-sale-problems/#eeab appendix channel comparison personal journal niche brand designed for any member users with interest certain subject organization that wishes control who can post used for brand messaging. also useful alternative publication model, since revenue can split between owners and author. who can post content only journal owner any member the collection approved brand creators who can comment any member community any member community subject moderation brand who can vote content any member community any member community any member comumunity moderators owner only elected collection members selected brand ownership free ownership paid ownership paid ownership fees none annual ownership fee annual ownership fee follow-able? yes yes yes rewards for owner yes rewards for content yes yes yes but can paid directly owner split between author/ owner (config per brand site) personal journal niche brand approval create channel required? yes rep pos voting yes tribunal approval automatic moderation rules place yes advertising yes yes optional higher fee remove ads handle @xxx @@xxx $xxx eviction yes automated rules but also petition tribunal yes via petition tribunal yes via petition tribunal appendix risk factors for token sale you should carefully consider and evaluate each the following risk factors and all other information contained the terms token sale documents (the "terms") before deciding participate the narrative token sale (the "nts"). the best narrative's (the "company") knowledge and belief, all risk factors which are material you making informed decision participate the nts have been set out below. any the following considerations, uncertainties material risks develops into actual events, the business, financial position and/or results operations the company and the maintenance and level usage the narrative platform and the nrve tokens could materially and adversely affected. such cases, the trading price nrve tokens (in the case where they are listed cryptocurrency exchange) could decline due any these considerations, uncertainties material risks, and you may lose all part your nts tokens. risks relating participation the token generation event there prior market for nrve tokens and the nts may not result active liquid market for the nrve tokens prior the nts, there has been public market for the nrve tokens. although the company will use reasonable endeavors seek the approval for availability the nrve tokens for trading cryptocurrency exchange, there assurance that such approval will obtained. furthermore, even such approval granted cryptocurrency exchange, there assurance that active liquid trading market for the nrve tokens will develop developed, sustained after the nrve tokens have been made available for trading such cryptocurrency exchange. there also assurance that the market price the nrve tokens will not decline below the original purchase price (the "purchase price"). the purchase price may not indicative the market price the nrve tokens after they have been made available for trading cryptocurrency exchange. nrve token not currency issued any central bank national, supra-national quasi-national organization, nor backed any hard assets other credit. the company not responsible for nor does pursue the circulation and trading nrve tokens the market. trading nrve tokens will merely depend the consensus its value between the relevant market participants, and one obliged purchase any nrve token from any holder the nrve token, including the purchasers, nor does anyone guarantee the liquidity market price nrve tokens any extent any time. furthermore, nrve tokens may not resold purchasers where the purchase nrve tokens may violation applicable laws. accordingly, the company cannot ensure that there will any demand market for nrve tokens, that the purchase price indicative the market price nrve tokens after they have been made available for trading cryptocurrency exchange. future issuance the nrve tokens could materially and adversely affect the market price nrve tokens. any future issuance the nrve tokens would increase the supply nrve tokens the market and this may result downward price pressure the nrve token. the sale distribution significant number nrve tokens outside the nts (including but not limited the sales nrve tokens undertaken after the completion the initial token sale, issuance nrve tokens persons other than purchasers for purposes community and employee initiatives, affiliate (or bounty) program development, academic research, education and market expansion and issuance nrve tokens reward employees and/or users the narrative platform), the mere perception that such further sales issuance may occur, could adversely affect the trading price the nrve tokens. negative publicity may materially and adversely affect the price the nrve tokens. negative publicity involving the company, the narrative platform, the nrve tokens any the key personnel the company, may materially and adversely affect the market perception market price the nrve tokens, whether not justified. may not able pay any anticipated rewards the future. there assurance that there will any transaction volume such that you will receive any rewards anticipated distributed active users the narrative platform. further, even the event there substantial transaction volume and interactions among the users and the narrative platform, there assurance you personally will receive any part the rewards. this because the ability the company pay any reward you will depend the future results operations and the future business and financial condition the company and there assurance the future results operations and the future business and financial condition the company. there assurance any success narrative platform any future business line. the value of, and demand for, the nrve tokens hinges heavily the performance the narrative platform. there assurance that the narrative platform will gain traction after its launch and achieve any commercial success. although the company will perform testing, including qa-testing the narrative platform, the narrative platform has not been fully developed and finalized and subject further changes, updates and adjustments prior its launch. such changes may result unexpected and unforeseen effects its projected appeal users, possibly due the failure meet users' preconceived expectations based the beta version, and hence impact its success. limited usage the narrative platform could impact the public demand for the nrve tokens and correspondingly the trading price the nrve tokens. the trading price the nrve tokens may fluctuate following the token generation event. the prices cryptographic tokens general tend relatively volatile, and can fluctuate significantly over short periods time. the demand for, and corresponding the market price of, the nrve tokens may fluctuate significantly and rapidly response to, among others, the following factors, some which are beyond the control the company: (a) new technical innovations; (b) analysts' speculations, recommendations, perceptions estimates the nrve token's market price the company's financial and business performance; (c) changes market valuations and token prices entities with businesses similar that the company that may listed the same cryptocurrency exchanges the nrve tokens; (d) announcements the company significant events, for example partnerships, sponsorships, new product developments; (e) fluctuations market prices and trading volume cryptocurrencies cryptocurrency exchanges; (f) additions departures key personnel the company; (h) success failure the company's management implementing business, development and growth strategies; (i) changes conditions affecting the blockchain industry, the general economic conditions market sentiments, other events factors. the funds raised the token generation event are exposed risks theft. further, upon receipt the funds, the company will make every effort ensure that the funds received will securely held through the implementation security measures. notwithstanding such security measures, there assurance that there will theft the cryptocurrencies result hacks, sophisticated cyberattacks, distributed denials service errors, vulnerabilities defects the nts website, the smart contract(s), used, which the escrow wallet and the nts may rely, neo any other blockchain, otherwise. such events may include, for example, flaws programming source code leading exploitation abuse thereof. such event, even the nts completed, the company may not able receive the cryptocurrencies raised and may not able use such funds for the development the narrative platform and/or for launching the narrative platform, including but not limited the structuring and through developing the narrative platform. such case, the launch the narrative platform might temporarily permanently curtailed. such, distributed nrve tokens may hold little worth value, and this would impact its trading price. risks relating narrative the narrative platform developed, operated and maintained the company. any events circumstances which adversely affect narrative any its successor operating entities (collectively referred herein "narrative") may have corresponding adverse effect the narrative platform. such adverse effects would correspondingly have impact the utility, liquidity, and the trading price the nrve tokens. narrative may materially and adversely affected fails effectively manage its operations its business develops and evolves, which would have direct impact its ability maintain the narrative platform. the social media technology and cryptocurrency industries, and the markets which narrative competes have grown rapidly over the past years and continue evolve response new technological advances, changing business models and other factors. result this constantly changing environment, narrative may face operational difficulties adjusting the changes, and the sustainability narrative will depend its ability manage its operations and ensure that hires qualified and competent employees, and provides proper training for its personnel. its business evolves, narrative must also expand and adapt its operational infrastructure. narrative's business relies its software systems, cryptocurrency wallets other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology. all these systems and tools represent complex, costly, and rapidly changing technical infrastructure. order demonstrate continued ability effectively manage technical support infrastructure for the narrative platform, narrative will need continue upgrade and improve its data systems and other operational systems, procedures and controls. these upgrades and improvements will require dedication resources, are likely complex and increasingly rely hosted computer services from third parties that narrative does not control. narrative unable adapt its systems and organization timely, efficient and cost-effective manner accommodate changing circumstances, its business, financial condition and results operations may adversely affected. the third parties whom narrative relies are subject security breach otherwise suffer disruptions that impact the services narrative uses, the integrity and availability its internal information could compromised, which may consequently cause the loss confidential proprietary information, and economic loss. the loss financial, labor other resources, and any other adverse effect narrative's business, financial condition and operations, would have direct adverse effect narrative's ability maintain the narrative platform. any adverse effects affecting narrative's business technology are likely also adversely impact the utility, liquidity, and trading price the nrve tokens. narrative may experience system failures, unplanned interruptions its network services, hardware software defects, security breaches other causes that could adversely affect narrative's infrastructure network, and/or the narrative platform. narrative not able anticipate when there would occurrences hacks, cyber- attacks, distributed denials service errors, vulnerabilities defects the narrative platform, the smart contracts, used, neo any other blockchain technology. such events may include, for example, flaws programming source code leading exploitation abuse thereof. narrative may not able detect such hacks, cyber-attacks, distributed denials service errors vulnerabilities defects timely manner, and may not have sufficient resources efficiently cope with multiple service incidents happening simultaneously rapid succession. narrative's network services, which would include the narrative platform, could disrupted numerous events, including natural disasters, equipment breakdown, network connectivity downtime, power losses, even intentional disruptions its services, such disruptions caused software viruses attacks unauthorized users, some which are beyond narrative's control. although narrative has taken steps against malicious attacks its platform its infrastructure, which are critical for the maintenance the narrative platform, there can assurance that cyber-attacks, such distributed denials service, will not attempted the future, that company's enhanced security measures will effective. narrative may prone attacks its infrastructure intended steal information about its technology, financial data user information take other actions that would damaging the company and/or holders the nrve tokens. any significant breach the company's security measures other disruptions resulting compromise the usability, stability and security the narrative platform may adversely affect the utility, liquidity and/or trading price the nrve tokens. the company dependent part the location and data center facilities third parties. narrative current infrastructure network part established through servers which owns and houses the location facilities third parties, and servers that rents data center facilities third parties. the company unable renew its data facility lease commercially reasonable terms all, narrative may required transfer its servers new data center facility, and may incur significant costs and possible service interruption connection with the relocation. these facilities are also vulnerable damage interruption from, among others, natural disasters, arson, terrorist attacks, power losses, and telecommunication failures. additionally, the third party providers such facilities may suffer breach security result third party action, employee error, malfeasance otherwise, and third party may obtain unauthorized access the data such servers. techniques used obtain unauthorized access to, sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against target, narrative and the providers such facilities may unable anticipate these techniques implement adequate preventive measures. any such security breaches damages which occur which impact upon the company's infrastructure network and/ the narrative platform may adversely impact the utility, liquidity, and/or trading price the nrve tokens. general global market and economic conditions may have adverse impact narrative. operating performance, results operations and cash flows narrative has been and could continue affected general global economic and market conditions. challenging economic conditions worldwide have from time time, contributed, and may continue contribute, slowdowns the information technology industry large. weakness the economy could have negative effect the company's business, operations and financial condition, including decreases revenue and operating cash flows, and inability attract future equity and/or debt financing commercially reasonable terms. additionally, down-cycle economic environment, narrative may experience the negative effects slowdown trading and usage the narrative platform. suppliers which narrative relies for servers, bandwidth, location and other services could also negatively impacted economic conditions that, turn, could have negative impact the company's operations expenses. there can assurance, therefore, that current economic conditions worsening economic conditions prolonged recurring recession will not have significant adverse impact narrative's business, financial condition and results operations and hence the narrative platform. any such circumstances would then correspondingly negatively impact the utility, liquidity, and/or trading price the nrve tokens. the company the nrve tokens may affected newly implemented regulations. cryptocurrency trading and nts are generally unregulated worldwide, but numerous regulatory authorities across jurisdictions have been outspoken about considering the implementation regulatory regimes which govern cryptocurrency cryptocurrency markets. the company the nrve tokens may affected newly implemented regulations relating cryptocurrencies cryptocurrency markets, including having take measures comply with such regulations, having deal with queries, notices, requests enforcement actions regulatory authorities, which may come substantial cost and may also require substantial modifications the narrative platform. this may impact the appeal the narrative platform for users and result decreased usage the narrative platform and the nrve tokens. further, should the costs (financial otherwise) complying with such newly implemented regulations exceed certain threshold, maintaining the narrative platform may longer commercially viable and the company may opt discontinue the narrative platform and/or the nrve tokens. further, difficult predict how whether governments regulatory authorities may implement any changes laws and regulations affecting distributed ledger technology and its applications, including the narrative platform and the nrve tokens. narrative may also have cease operations jurisdiction that makes illegal operate such jurisdiction, make commercially unviable undesirable obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) license(s) operate such jurisdiction. scenarios such the foregoing, the utility, liquidating, and/or trading price nrve tokens will adversely affected nrve tokens may cease traded. there may unanticipated risks arising from the nrve tokens. cryptographic tokens such the nrve tokens are relatively new and dynamic technology. addition the risks included the above discussion risk factors, there are other risks associated with your purchase, holding and use the nrve tokens, including those that narrative cannot anticipate. such risks may further appear unanticipated variations combinations the risks discussed above.