whitepaper project description available soon our official site the "terms services and privacy policy", well relevant contact email address get touch with should you have any further questions enquire. sumario greetings what nasdacoin? nasdacoin technology nasdacoin specifications ico ico distribution pos mining pow mining trade investment program affiliate program binary team app credit card road map market place casino greetings from the co-founder james baptist, committed person with strong passion for the information and technology market who always the lookout for new trends the financial world. have joined forces with some partners design innovative and revolutionary project. nasdacoin project structured with the best features the two universes, the cryptocurrency market and the affiliate market. our performance committed the total transparency and professionalism the same standards authentic cryptocurrency, but using the power duplication the affiliate program achieve unprecedented results international project, totally safe and sustainable. designed generate satisfactory and sustainable income for visionaries entrepreneurs, the nasdacoin project not confined barriers between the two worlds ... those who only want trade our nsd currency enjoy the security and blockchain technology, with fast and secure transactions, well being able trade several exchanges using our currency. for those people with more daring profile and the power duplication, our affiliate program provides extraordinary income, using system developed with professionalism and total security, ensuring that your work always optimized the maximum. our project has already achieved international level expression and safe operation environment. the power our affiliate program will certainly the catalyst nasdacoin strength reference the international market. welcome the nasdacoin universe! james baptist co-founder nasdacoin project. page what nasdacoin (tm) nasdacoin encrypted and decentralized virtual, open source, peer-to-peer currency, developed with the scrypt algorithm the pow/pos hybrid format, allowing people with entrepreneurial and passionate financial and technological market profile store and invest their wealth safe currency not controlled any government and even earn substantial amount interest the investment. nasdacoin can mined anyone anywhere the world using asic mining rig cpu/gpu through nasdapool (nasdapool.com). people who not have any technical knowledge mining company can opt for mining pos acquiring nsd and storing windows wallet for minimum period days. growth strategy for our community, offer the affiliate program. when used wisely this nsd tool can help turn our community into one the biggest the cryptocurrency market very short time. page nasdacoin technology decentralized digital currency, unrelated any government and without any central bank control. anonymous anonymous currency guarantees more security and privacy our users. encrypted nasdacoin totally encrypted. this ensures even higher levels security users. safe apply blockchain technology incorruptible digital ledger economic transactions and mathematical cryptography. nasdacoin safe across the entire network. blockchain storing blocks information continuously processed across the network. page nasdacoin specification coin algorithm: scrypt format: (pow/pos) maximum supply coins: million (nsd) pre-mined: million (nsd) base maturity currency: blocks reward per block pow: nsd block spacing: minutes minimum stake age: days maximum stake age: days block reward halving rate network confirmations: page nasdacoin ico nasdacoin ico, the first lots cryptocurrency are sold early supporters the project exchange for other cryptocurrencies (bitcoin, litecoin dash). unlike other projects, utilizing upfront money offer finance project from scratch, nasdacoin already starts the ico with most its structure already place, such windows wallet, mac wallet, mining pool and blockchain technology for consultation. this was achieved with funds from our investors and partners. ico lot division nsd lot nsd lot nsd lot page ico distribution nsd reserv fund nsd founders nsd global marketing allocation funds total coin supply nsd founders team legal community security and exchange development new technologies reserve fund global marketing page pos mining any user can earn income with pos (proof stake) mining. they just need acquire certain amount nsd and keep them stored their nasdacoin-qt for minimum period days until their coins start mining new blocks, and for maximum period days. after this period, user needs move currencies and return them their wallet for more income. pos mining proof stake jan jun jun dec jan jun jun dec jan onwards page pow mining any user can earn income with pow (proof work) mining, with cpu gpu. user just need download the pooler and edit the file with the number your desktop wallet. nsd per block: reduction time the reward half blocks between the blocks: pow mining proof work page nasdacoin trade nasdacoin community users can trade our internal and external exchange and earn potential profit from fluid system with very low rates. users can convert nsd into btc and vice versa, any given time. available partner exchange: make trade our internal partner exchange. page investment program our investment program offers the possibility obtaining profit fixed daily bonus according the value invested the community. this profit paid daily usd. start bonus days performance daily bonus days performance daily bonus days performance daily bonus days performance daily bonus days performance only investments with multiple values and maximum limit u$, per transaction will allowed. new applications made from the "reinvest" button will not considered points for the team. only new loan contract will add points. affiliate program with the advent the internet, few people could ever imagined how much communication would affected and how people could actually business worldwide using this new wonder. today, live times great opportunities and with new technologies available, new channels are open for interact with consumers offering our services this opportunity for those who wish take advantage this huge change business and earn big profit the same time. that the reason why nasdacoin created its affiliate program applying revolutionary technique, tools and new resources that users can work from anywhere the world and earn good profit without the need purchase goods make any other investment. level level level level level level level with nasdacoin affiliate program you will able help the growth the nsd and earn commissions from levels indication. binary bonus binary bonus one the best bonus the affiliate program and has unique ability pay infinity, but with maximum receiving ceiling, thus ensuring the sustainability the business. order able achieve this outcome, essential that you are actively participating and have created great team affiliates, therefore able receive global spillover. nasdacoin, team creation bonus the investment volume the smallest team will paid daily, limited the maximum ceiling $,. point used basis for points calculation. considering that our focus the strengthening our currency, nasdacoin reserves the right change the affiliate program any time. nasdacoin team james baptist co-founder blockchain developer rajab ali (rawalpindi, pakistan) developer and website designer seo expert dmitry yakov (novosibirsk, russia) senior ios android blockchain engineer page app nasdacoin available app store available play store our android ios app allow you access exchange services wherever you are. you can buy sell all top cryptocurrencies, well compare rates and find the best buying and selling options the market. page credit card our nasdacoin card the fastest way turn your nsd cash. charge dollars into your nasdacoin card using your wallet and the funds will immediately available. you can use your credit card make online purchases any establishment which accepts visa(r) credit card. page road map mar apr may ico desk. windows/mac wallet official mining pool blockchain explorer linux wallet community investment program exchange own jun jul aug community security updates listed other exchanges and coin market cap. analysis stability the community and exchange and correction possible bugs. sep oct jan international credit card nasdacoin market place nasdacoin casino mar annual ceremony nasdacoin page nasdacoin market place nasdacoin marketplace multilateral platform that connects sellers and buyers new and used products business with each other and use their nsd will. buy various products with nasdacoin nsd buy now nsd nsd nsd buy now buy now buy now page nasdacoin casino use your nsd play and profit our nasdacasino platform with more than games page