neblio next generation enterprise blockchain solutions contents neblio blockchain abstract blockchain what the neblio blockchain? enterprise adoption next generation solutions distributed applications what are distributed applications? the neblio next generation blockchain platform introduction tokens roadmap overview simplification enterprise adoption driver security immutability scalability reliability use cases neblio blockchain apis design driven simplification language support restful architecture design enterprise-driven requirements neblio business services blockchain consulting neblio node deployment hosting private blockchain development conclusion references abstract blockchain's unique distributed ledger technology what makes the neblio network possible. this decentralized system securely storing transactions the future database technology for global networks. enterprise applications taking advantage this technology gain numerous benefits over those using traditional database architectures including transaction immutability, transparency, security, reliability, and decentralization. despite the maturity blockchain networks, few applications have taken advantage the technology due the difficulty, and cost integration and maintenance. unlike legacy blockchain networks, next-generation blockchain networks such neblio will fill the huge gap the enterprise market simplify the development and deployment distributed applications that drive business value through blockchain technology. blockchain what the neblio blockchain? blockchain network such neblio decentralized peer-to-peer network nodes that exchange information the form transactions; storing those transactions immutable distributed ledger. all nodes have full copy the ledger (known the blockchain, due being made individual blocks) all times. node that would like record information the ledger first broadcasts transaction containing the information the network where relayed all other nodes. one node then compiles all new available transactions the network into block that added the blockchain. once block stored the blockchain, and all the transactions contained within are immutable, meaning that the transactions cannot ever altered any way. when information the ledger needs updated, common with database systems, new transaction simply added the ledger with the new information. however, the original information that was stored the ledger remains intact and verifiable previous block for the entire life the blockchain. building top this blockchain technology originally created the pseudonymous satoshi nakamoto for bitcoin, the neblio blockchain provides distinct advantages for business and enterprise use cases for which bitcoin was not intended. enterprise adoption next generation solutions despite ever-increasing media coverage bitcoin and other blockchain-related technologies, along with countless articles counting the industries that blockchain technology will revolutionize each year (for the last years!) there has been very little adoption blockchain technology the enterprise space. industries that would benefit the most from the inherent advantages the blockchain provides over traditional database architectures are waiting for mature toolsets, developer ecosystems, and packaged platforms easily develop and deploy new applications, move traditional applications off legacy database architectures and blockchain network. blockchain while legacy blockchain networks have gained popularity focusing the digital transfer value (cryptocurrency), next-generation blockchain solutions will focus how the underlying technology can evolved support new use cases through innovation. while these next-generation solutions will also support the transfer value due the fundamental need transferable "tokens" the network, the focus will enabling new technology and use cases. the case neblio, enabling businesses and enterprise developers harness intuitive blockchain platform and developer ecosystem rapidly develop and deploy decentralized applications that utilize distributed ledger technology instead traditional database architectures. distributed applications what are distributed applications? the blockchain sense, distributed applications are applications that access and store pieces information the neblio blockchain. these applications typically have "front-end" client that stores, processes, displays the data for the application. example, consider theoretical medical application running ipad. traditional enterprise world, this application would store and retrieve patient medical records from central database located the medical office. doctors can use the application they visit patients view and update medical records. but... what this medical office part larger network medical offices that share patient records part state-wide hospital network? how ensure that the medical records stored the database are always date all locations and cannot ever altered lost? what the database becomes corrupt lost due disaster hardware failure? have backups? so, are the backups recent and will the backup restore successful? how much downtime will disaster cause? will have cancel patient appointments and lose revenue? the answer distributed application. imagine the same application, but instead using traditional database, the application accesses and stores the medical records real-time private (due medical record privacy laws) neblio blockchain network. each office hospital the network runs private version the neblio blockchain node which ensures that every single record stored the ledger accurate and immutable across the entire network real time. nodes can lost due disaster downtime without single record being lost altered and the network stays up. the main office can now use separate distributed application that uses the same data off the blockchain, but different way, begin processing insurance claims and other paperwork soon doctors distant branch office are done adding patient records. this just one example, single industry, where distributed application built the neblio blockchain could provide immediate business value, driving efficiency and lowering costs. the neblio next generation blockchain platform introduction the neblio blockchain platform development platform built simplify and accelerate the development and deployment distributed applications the neblio blockchain, and potentially other blockchain networks the future. difficulty and inadequate developer skillsets are seen the major obstacles inhibiting the adoption blockchain technology for developing distributed applications the enterprise and business worlds. overcome these obstacles, the neblio platform built from the start for enterprise distributed application development. suite restful apis, almost all today's popular programming languages, will allow developers intuitively interact with the neblio blockchain network without having know the complex details blockchain technology. developers that are familiar with using restful apis interact with today's traditional databases will feel right home developing apps that instead use the neblio blockchain access and store information. deploying new neblio node support your app the neblio network will easy launching docker container. industries where application group applications may need run private blockchain, neblio's open source nature, along with our business services, mean that private deployments can quick and painless. the neblio next generation blockchain platform tokens tokens blockchain network incentivize network users secure and operate the network. public blockchain network, bad actors can attempt attack disrupt the network for their own gain. effort secure the network against such attacks, the network must have method finding consensus. traditional networks such bitcoin use energy and computation-heavy method finding consensus known proof-of-work. users are rewarded with bitcoins for using their computational power verify new blocks for the block chain and consensus found when the majority the computational power the network agrees, preventing attacks. contrast, many newer blockchain networks, along with neblio use proof-of-stake consensus model. proof-of-stake works using the network users' tokens votes towards consensus verify new blocks and secure the network. users with more tokens get more votes since they have more tokens lose attack the network successful. order incentivize users stake their tokens this model, users are given reward for staking their tokens and verifying new blocks. whether proof-of-work proof-of-stake, tokens play essential role the operation public blockchain network's consensus model. tokens must have some value incentivize users participate securing the network. the neblio token, nebl, allows neblio users exchange nebl with other neblio users while encouraging users via token rewards stake and help secure the network. note: neblio tokens (nebl) are not investment vehicle any kind and not pertain any way offering securities any jurisdiction. ownership nebl carries rights express implied. participants should have expectation influence over governance neblio. nebl tokens are only valuable the sense that they are required create, distribute, and use distributed applications the neblio blockchain network and can transferred amongst neblio users. roadmap overview neblio publicly announced. the neblio token ($nebl) pre-sale launches! acquire top talent build out the neblio core development and operations teams the neblio next generation blockchain platform the market shows need for simple blockchain solutions for business and the idea neblio born through the use set uniform and open-srouce restful apis variety languages (python, go, js, ruby, .net, java, node.js) businesses large and small will rapidly deploy next-gen applications the neblio blockchain network like never before seen the blockchain ecosystem. addition current strategies, enterprise marketing campaign creation drive the initial adoption neblio blockchain technology the business environment. implementation and delivery neblio api suite for enterprise customers. the focus will improving design requirements with our business partners ensure enterprise customer adoption seamlessly integrated with current enterprise processes. the neblio next generation blockchain platform simplification enterprise adoption driver difficulty deploying blockchain networks, developing distributed applications, and packaging the two into something that can operated internally customers externally the most significant obstacle slowing the adoption this technology the enterprise and business world. providing single api calls instantly deploy full neblio node, developers will have easy way spin spin down local testbed that directly connected the global neblio network; allowing for rapid agile-style development distributed applications. all neblio apis will designed with simplicity the priority. enterprise application developers that are used working with traditional database restful interfaces will able create new, adapt old, applications use the neblio blockchain store access information without knowing complex blockchain details, due the similarity api design. wherever possible, unnecessary blockchain and network details will hidden from the developer, with the apis instead exposing only the interfaces needed develop deploy scalable distributed applications. along with apis provision neblio nodes and interact with the blockchain, developers must have simple way package and deploy their distributed applications and services way that repeatable, maintainable, and reliable. where necessary, the neblio platform should allow method for distributed applications able discover the appropriate neblio node use for communication with the network improve performance and availability. appropriate node does not exist, applications should able provision neblio nodes themselves that will become part the network. applications should have the ability monitor the health the network and deploy new nodes the event nodes lose connectivity down, effort prevent network outages and maintain enterprise reliability and availability. the neblio next generation blockchain platform security immutability the blockchain technology the foundation the neblio network affords distributed applications running the network inherent security advantages. due the decentralized nature the public neblio network and the proof-of-stake consensus model where users the neblio network are incentivized run neblio node and secure the network, successful attacks the network bad actors are nearly impossible. the greater the number wallets currently staking tokens, the more secure the network from attacks. private neblio networks where there are not large number users securing the network via staking, neblio tokens are staked trusted parties that set the private network. this allows for private neblio networks trustworthy the trusted parties charge operating them, while retaining the many other inherent benefits blockchain technology the network. unlike traditional database architectures, distributed applications storing and accessing information the neblio blockchain can certain that that information has not changed since was stored. this allows for distinct advantages use cases records management, auditing, and lifecycle verification. information always stored the blockchain via additions, rather than modifying existing data. distributed applications can choose view the latest version information via accessing the information the highest block height for which exists, viewing every single transaction which the information resides. the neblio next generation blockchain platform scalability reliability the neblio network's massive scalability and reliability through resiliency make perfect fit for enterprise and business customers run tier applications vital their day day business needs. through decentralized mesh networking, neblio nodes connect each other relaying blocks around the globe. every functional node contains entire copy the neblio blockchain all times, increasing the performance potential distributed applications since they can choose interact with the closest fastest node. this scalability global sense can drastically improve application performance and response time while ensuring the information the blockchain can accessed nearly anywhere the application running. the global scale the neblio network also provides enterprise-level reliability through resiliency. nodes are able join and leave the network will, whether choice due downtime, without harming the network. applications that are communicating with node that leaves the network will simply begin communicating with another node that also has full copy the blockchain. matter which node the application interacting with, the result storing accessing information will always the same. use cases the neblio next generation blockchain platform blockchain technology has vast number use cases the business and enterprise space. from distributed applications managing the secure records financial transactions immutable ledger that can traced for audit purposes, cloud-scale applications managing the secure access and storage the explosion information generated millions internet-of-things devices. the neblio blockchain network has the ability drive business value through revolutionizing the way that enterprises develop and deploy applications nearly every industry. neblio blockchain apis design driven simplification application programming interfaces (apis) must designed with purpose mind. the case neblio, our apis are being designed for simplicity first. effort drive adoption blockchain technology, our goal break through the blockchain skillset inefficiencies the average developer and general difficulty surrounding legacy blockchain apis supplying simplified abstraction layer api familiar and easy use format. developers familiar with existing restful apis will feel home using the neblio api suite the language their choice interact with the neblio blockchain network. language support the neblio api suite will support the same set uniform core apis nearly all today's most popular programming languages. starting with: python java node.js .net (c# vb.net) objective-c php restful architecture design underneath the language-specific libraries that will used create distributed applications the neblio network will reside restful api layer. this api layer can called directly with raw http requests via one the language-specific libraries. representational state transfer, rest api style used provide interoperability between systems over network. rest endpoint (neblio node) listens for appropriate http request that corresponds api, processes the api call, then performs and action returns data back the caller. integrating restful architecture into the neblio core node will bring the latest modern api architecture the blockchain, increasing interoperability with existing services, ecosystems, and applications that are already using modern restful apis today. neblio blockchain apis enterprise-driven requirements while designs for the neblip api suite are already underway and centered simplicity, supportability, and usability, the our api suite will designed around the feedback and design requirements receive from our users. are open designing implementing new apis that meet the requirements our users. whether enterprise user, individual launching their first distributed application the neblio network, our requirements, features and releases will driven the users, accelerating further innovation the simplification developing and deploying distributed applications. neblio business services blockchain consulting experts designing, building, deploying and managing blockchain networks, neblio business services will offer business and enterprise customers consulting services guide the deployment blockchain technology, based upon the neblio blockchain, within their organization. our goal guide customers and users utilize the technology behind the neblio platform drive business value through efficiency and lower costs than legacy architectures. architecting solutions that utilize neblio technology advance the business needs our customers will give them advantage their respective industry over the competition. neblio node deployment hosting neblio business services will offer custom neblio node deployment and hosting options where desired customers. customers may want neblio node deployed specific configuration at, for example, each their main offices around the globe. other customers may wish have neblio node under their control deployed hyper-scaler public cloud such aws azure hosted directly neblio. neblio business services will support custom node deployment and hosting options meet every customer need. neblio business services private blockchain development there are cases, such the healthcare application example above, where private neblio blockchain network more suited for user's business need than the main, public neblio network. these cases, customers have the option deploy the private neblio network themselves utilizing our fully open source node software and tools while tweaking their liking, utilizing neblio business services build the private neblio network that meets their business needs. cases where information the blockchain must encrypted for security, where information needs relayed from node node smaller blocks faster cadence, customers can come design the private network they need and provide support on-going basis. conclusion the neblio platform will provide the fully open source apis, tools, and services needed business and enterprises rapidly develop and deploy distributed applications. replacing legacy database applications with truly scalable and reliable distributed applications through the development familiar and easy use api abstraction layers the goal the neblio platform. blockchain technology has the potential revolutionize the way business operate many industries. building solutions that radically reduce the difficulty and simplify the complex barriers entry blockchain technology will leave neblio strongly positioned fill gap the current market. references https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf https://hbr.org///the-truth-about-blockchain http://www.cnbc.com////the-challenges-of-using-blockchain-technology.html morabito, vincenzo. business innovation through blockchain: the perspective. cham: springer international, https://peercoin.net/assets/paper/peercoin-paper.pdf https://www.forbes.com/sites/joemckendrick////enterprises-have-extreme ly-high-hopes-for-blockchain-technology/ https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/introducing-enterprise-smart-contracts/ https://www.forbes.com/sites/danwoods////why-your-ceo-and-boardshould-be-demanding-api-adoption/ secure, distributed, platform built for enterprise applications and services.