nebulas: decentralized search framework nebulas decentralized platform which provides search framework for all blockchains. non-technical white paper please see important information the end this white paper summary bitcoin brings "decentralized currency" the world blockchains, while ethereum system showcases "smart contract". blockchain has already gained significant development and prosperity the past three years. however, find the existing technology far from being perfect. blockchain starts face more and more challenges its integration with current business and user requirements. this white paper mainly focuses three concepts: value rank blockchains, the positive feedback ecosystem, and the self-evolving blockchain system. based these, present nebulas' idea and solutions, which consists nebulas rank (the measure value for blockchains) and nebulas force fundamental self-evolving mechanism for blockchains). will also elaborate the mechanism our innovation consensus: pod (proof devotion) and dip (developer incentive protocol). nebulas.io the ultimate mission the nebulas blockchain build self-evolving blockchain system based value incentive, which will also the most important development direction the world blockchains hereafter. commonly known the current industry, core components such smart contracts, domain name systems, developer toolkits, wallets, etc., are being provided part the launch the nebulas platform. background.......................................................................................................... opportunities and challenges ............................................................................. why nebulas? ..................................................................................................... technical features ............................................................................................. use cases ......................................................................................................... team .................................................................................................................. roadmap ........................................................................................................... nas allocation summary................................................................................... important information for potential contributors .................... nebulas.io background oct satoshi nakamoto released white paper titled: "bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system", which marked the birth blockchain our world. the blockchain's primordial application, bitcoin puts its ideal decentralized digital currency system" into practice, well presents the world blockchains' gigantic value and potential. gradually, more and more people start follow, study, and devote blockchains, which promotes sustainable development the blockchain infrastructure. doing so, the blockchain community contributes creating more connection between our real world and its application data, opening brand-new frontier constantly. worthy state that blockchain itself not entirely new technology but new model collaboration based combination technologies (including network, cryptology, blockchain data structure, etc.). blockchain essentially autonomous system that decentralized, with the foundation the game theory, the real charm which its open collaboration model based consensus mechanism under the ideology decentralization. are happy see that blockchain's function transforming from monotone simplicity diversity, and it's still experimenting and making breakthroughs. bitcoin decentralized cash system, while the second generation blockchain system represented ethereum brings the concept "smart contract" with turing completeness, which enables the blockchain with logical judgment and processing capability. meanwhile, some other blockchain systems propose grander concepts like "cross-chain interoperability", "blockchain operating system", etc. these endeavors all pushes blockchain evolving from dots plane dimensions, eventually space higher dimensionality. nebulas.io opportunities and challenges believe that decentralized, autonomous system represented blockchains the coming trend, which has excited more and more attention and study. meanwhile, various blockchain projects are developing tremendous speed, and crypto assets' value increasing exponential rate. one estimate, the global blockchain technology market expected worth us$ the end compared us$ the end the global crypto asset overall market cap has reached us$ bn, compared us$ the same time, the user population blockchains and digital assets increasing high speed. the beginning the global users the industry were million, and the beginning the number had grown million. believe that around the global users blockchains/digital assets shall reach exceed million, and around the year this number expected reach billion. based this estimation, blockchain innovation currently faces unprecedented window golden opportunity. meanwhile, the blockchain also faces many challenges, such the interaction information blockchains, protocol's upgrade, blockchain applications smart contracts' effectiveness and relevance judgment, etc. the problem interaction information blockchains actually caused lack interoperability among different blockchain networks. have reached consensus the industry this problem, but now, there exists perfect solution. the crucial matter here rests interactions data/assets chains, off-chain, and well cross chains. that has significantly restricted the full potential blockchain technology, which has caused the so-called "information silos" chain and off-chain. more and more blockchain projects are trying make breakthroughs this issue, but, for now, there are unified nebulas.io protocols and standards for data/ assets different blockchains, which causes interoperability deficiency, both internally within, and externally between, blockchains. unlike common software version iterations connected with the rollout software updates, upgrading blockchain network protocol often triggers "hard forks" "soft forks". hard fork when single cryptocurrency splits two. occurs when cryptocurrency's existing code changed, resulting both old and new version. meanwhile soft fork essentially the same thing, but the idea that only one blockchain (and thus one coin) will remain valid users adopt the update. both fork types create split, but hard fork meant create two blockchain/coins and soft fork meant result one. bitcoin, for example, experienced hard fork august due scalability issues. the bitcoin scalability problem consequence the fact that blocks the blockchain are limited one megabyte size. bitcoin miner fees for processing bitcoin transactions estimated have risen above per transaction making small payments uneconomical. bitcoin's blocks include the transactions the bitcoin network. contrast visa's peak transactions per second, the bitcoin network's theoretical maximum capacity with the block size limit sits between transactions per second. due block capacity's severe insufficiency, there had been incident which almost million transactions are pending the transaction pool recorded blocks. under current circumstances, there exists tremendous uncertainty bitcoin's transfer time, and users have pay extra high "transaction expediting fee", which injures user experiences. ethereum has also experienced hard forks. result the collapse the dao project, ethereum was split into two separate blockchains: the new separate version became ethereum (eth), and the original continued ethereum classic (etc). despite solving the problem temporarily, the fork still nebulas.io produced "double assets" eth etc, well community division "side effect". with the rapid growth distributed applications (dapps), efficient search engine for blockchain applications and smart contacts become one blockchain's biggest challenges. now there are hundreds dapps based ethereum. one day the number dapps blockchains reaches the same scale the app store, will big problem search and find right dapps for users. from this point view, the blockchain world lacks measure for more dimensions information and rank value, which will facilitate discovering the wonderland blockchains for users. nebulas.io why nebulas? nebulas architecture facing the opportunity and challenge described above, aim create self-- evolving blockchain system based value incentive. nebulas.io nebulas world more specifically, our targets are: defining rank value believe that world blockchains needs standard value measure the value blockchain's' underlying data explore information's higher dimension, which serves discover and uncover more value blockchains. building positive feedback for community ecosystem believe that build prosperous decentralized application ecosystem, developer-friendly positive feedback mechanism fundamental requirement. only this kind application ecosystem can empower the blockchain system with stronger vitality. achieving self-evolution nebulas.io believe that blockchain system endowed with self-evolution mechanism can evolve automatically. with little external intervention, the system will provide faster computing, more powerful systems and better user experiences. nebulas.io technical features nebulas rank (nr) nebulas rank (nr) our core ranking algorithm and the measure value the world blockchains. pen sourced. the algorithm based liquidity, propagation users' assets, and the interactivity between users. used rank addresses, smart contracts, distributed applications (dapps) and other entities the blockchain. nebulas rank (nr) nebulas, measure value regarding: liquidity nebulas.io finance essentially the social activity that optimizes social resources via capital liquidity and promotes economic development. blockchains establish value network which financial assets can flow. daily volume bitcoin and ethereum, which are most familiar us, already exceeds billion. from these data, can see that the more transaction volume and transaction scale, the higher liquidity. turn, higher liquidity will increase the quantity transaction and enhance the value. that will further strengthen financial assets' value, creating complete positive feedback mechanism. therefore liquidity, i.e. transaction frequency and scale, the first dimension that measures. propagation social platforms like wechat and facebook have almost billion active users per month. social platforms' rapid user growth result the reflection existing social networks and stronger viral growth. particular, viral transmission, i.e. speed, scope, depth information transmission and linkage, the key index monitor the quality and user growth social networks. the blockchain world, can see the same pattern. powerful viral propagation indicates scope and depth asset liquidity, which can promote the blockchain world's asset quality and asset scale. thus, viral transmission, i.e. scope and depth asset liquidity, the second dimension that measures. interoperability the internet's early stage, there were only basic websites and private information. now, information different platforms can forwarded the network, and isolated data silos are gradually being broken. this trend the process identifying higher dimensional information. our point view, the world blockchains will follow similar pattern, but its speed will faster. the information users, assets, smart contracts, and dapps will become richer, and the interaction higher dimensional information will more frequent. result, better interoperability will become more and more important. therefore, nr's third measure dimension interoperability. nebulas.io based above-stated dimensions, start construct nebulas' system drawing from richer data, building better model, digging more diversified value dimensions, and establishing measure value blockchain world. proof-of-devotion (pod) based nebulas' system, will adopt pod (proof-of-devotion) consensus algorithm. pod gives "influential" user the nebulas blockchain opportunity become bookkeeper and receive nebulas block rewards and transaction fee revenue, which will encourage them contribute the stability and security the nebulas blockchain continuous basis. pod algorithm's core concept: users with values higher than specified threshold may take part the bookkeeper selection procedure paying security deposit; through virtual mining, each bookkeeper candidate competes earn bookkeeping rights; users with bookkeeping right are responsible for block generation, and return receive block reward and transaction fee revenue; and any user behaves inappropriate fashion, the user's security deposit will confiscated and reassigned other bookkeeper candidates. developer incentive protocol (dip) for the nebulas blockchain, are proposing the concept dip (developer incentive protocol) for developers smart contracts and dapps. nebulas.io dip's core concepts: pre-specified block intervals, for those developers whose smart contracts and dapps deploy online the most recent interval with value higher than specified threshold, dip will reward them corresponding developer incentives, and these incentives shall recorded blocks bookkeepers, and with dip's positive incentive mechanism, more and more developers will get incentives create valuable smart contracts and dapps, which will, turn, help build positive feedback ecosystem for the developers community. nebulas force (nf) series basic protocols such nr, pod, dip will become part the nebulous blockchain data. with the growth data the nebulas blockchain these basic protocols will upgrade. call this fundamental capability the nebulas blockchain "nebulas force" (nf). provides the nebulas blockchain and its distributed applications built top it, the capability self evolve. with developers are able make changes, incorporate new technologies, and fix bugs without needing hard fork. the nebulas community grows, and update ability for protocols will opened the community. according the weight users and using the community voting mechanism, the community will able determine the evolution and direction the nebulas blockchain and its update objectives. with the help nf's core technology and its openness, nebulas will have ever growing and infinitely evolving potential. additionally, nebulas also developing forward-looking mechanism nebulas cluster polymorphous evolution. the premise that data and assets the main blockchain are safe, through inborn nebulas excitation protocol, one several side chains will created verify core technical innovation nebulas.io solutions, such new consensus algorithm, lightning network, etc. the same time, through the nebulas wormhole, data and assets can exchanged across side chains well between side chains and the main blockchain, well interoperability among dapps. this process, users the main nebulas blockchain can invest side chains test newly offered nas using side chain technology. (see section below for discussion regarding potential future distributions nas.) they can also keep their assets the nebulas blockchain while benefiting from evolutionary advancements the main nebulas blockchain update smoothly. for example, optimized performance increases earnings for users, nebulas can upgrade its core architecture safely, economical way, thus giving nebulas unprecedented vitality and scalability. for those side chain technical innovations that haven't been accepted the nebulas blockchain, possible let those side chain innovations continue develop. using the nebulas wormhole, side chain activity can still take advantage exchanges data and assets across side chains, well dapp interoperability. imagine, for example blockchain systems like bitcoin, litecoin, eth and etc had the native ability built for data and asset exchanges, would immediately face many more dimensions technical possibilities. nebulas.io nebulas force (nf) nebulas.io use cases since the generation bitcoin's genesis block the community has come consensus the objective most the existing public blockchains: create infrastructure for building dapp ecosystem which developer-friendly and features complete incentive mechanism. however, due various historical restrictions, date there still not such systematic and efficient mechanism. so, from the beginning, nebulas striving build open and transparent positive feedback ecosystem for the developers community. compared with current internet industry, any platform that can attract the most diversified developers the most valuable. for example, the apple app store has opened entirely new prospects for mobile applications establishing application ecosystem that creates tremendous social value and business returns. unfortunately, even this case, there still exist many flaws its dividend model for contributors who develop applications for the platform. for example, developers the platform cannot share the growing valuation bonus the app store platform (due the increasing number applications). can establish more inclusive developer incentive mechanism guaranteed blockchain technology? such world, every dapp developer would have the chance share the ecosystem benefits based their contribution the blockchain world. the nebulas blockchain, make this possible through the dip protocol. outstanding developers the community will able receive nas from dip offering. those developers who make contributions the community ecosystem growth will rewarded, which will create positive feedback mechanism offering community developers. nebulas.io through nr, pod and dip, the nebulas blockchain could put end the current venture capital incubation model that comparatively centralized, inefficient, opaque, and unfriendly, creating way motivate the creativity and vitality developers. let's imagine, for example, that every app development team creating apps for the apple app store could get considerable incentives from apple based their contributions app store. this paradigm, the app ecosystem would likely enter new era with quality and quantity explosion. nebulas' vision institutionalize decentralized ecosystem for developer application incubation through dip incentives. believe that the decentralized and incentivized world created the nebulas blockchain will result the emergence significant number new blockchain dapps. the blockchain world developing ever-accelerating speed. every day see more and more dapp developers join the blockchain community and connect more and more information blockchains. how present information users simply and efficiently will become more and more important. hope further extend nr's functionality, i.e., making information indexes for blockchains. combining with "keywords" mechanism, can sort and manage information relevant way. doing so, users blockchains will able access more relevant and high-value data (including information, assets, smart contracts, dapps, etc.). compared the google search engine the internet world, with continuously explosive and tremendous information growth blockchains, information index and search engine for blockchains becomes indispensable and necessary requirement. will essential tool and the starting point for many users explore the world blockchains. with the power information index and searching, well combining the internet's mature business model, nebulas hopes open unprecedented business potential. nebulas.io team founders hitters xu, nebulas antshares (neo) founder, former founding leader ant financial's blockchain platform, ex-googler search anti-fraud team, and graduated from tongji university computer science and technology. first blockchain pioneer china. since has founded bitsclub (the first blockchain/ bitcoin innovation community china), antshares (the first blockchain china), fbg (the first fund dedicated blockchain china), gempay (the first bitcoin/blockchain cross-border payment platform china). founded the first international blockchain summit china with series influential international blockchain summits. robin zhong, nebulas co-founder, former architect ant financial's blockchain platform, former senior development director dolphin browser and leader the game division. graduated from huazhong university science and technology. also the founder tongxinclub, the first blockchain mutual support platform china. guan wang, nebulas antshares (neo) co-founder, initiator openip community, serial entrepreneur blockchain industry. graduated from southeast university. nebulas.io roadmap roadmap nebulas.io nas allocation summary initially, there will finite supply nas tokens (,,) that are intended circulate among users and within the nebulas platform continuously. not expected that nas will 'burned' and/or cancelled the blockchain, and they will therefore operate primarily (i) reusable 'in-app currency'; and (ii) means for operating the nebulas platform. the future, nebulas may create additional nas connection with ongoing operations and functionality the nebulas platform set forth below. the intention create internal economy within the nebulas platform, whereby nas will integral part which drives this ecosystem. nas will therefore continuously circulate within the nebulas ecosystem and the nebulas platform, passing from one user another means consideration for performance the roles vital the functioning the nebulas platform. discussed, the nebulas platform will include "nebulas rank" "nr", core ranking algorithm used measure the value blockchain data and applications. will used rank addresses, smart contracts, distributed applications and other entities the blockchain. based the system, also discussed, nebulas also intends adopt "proof devotion" "pod" consensus algorithm. pod gives influential user the nebulas platform opportunity become bookkeepers and receive nebulas block rewards and transaction fee revenue, which will encourage them contribute the stability and security the nebulas blockchain continuous basis. order support the pod consensus process, nebulas may from time time generate additional nas. presently, nebulas expects generate additional nas annual basis beginning the end rate total nas supply connection with the pod program. nebulas.io finally, described above, nebulas also intends create "developer incentive protocol" "dip" for developers smart contracts and dapps the nebulas platform. the dip process will used nebulas encourage and reward developers who develop smart contracts and applications for the nebulas platform. order support the dip incentive process, nebulas may from time time generate additional nas. presently, nebulas expects generate additional nas annual basis beginning the end rate total nas supply connection with the dip program. notwithstanding the foregoing, assurance can made that any additional nas will ever generated the future. addition, existing holders nas will entitled determine annual basis with the incentives for the pod and dip programs should greater less than the nas supply. such determination could impact the number nas, any, created nebulas the future. the distribution nas scheduled occur the beginning presently intended allocated follows: nebulas.io nas distribution plan community offering under nebulas founding team's charge, according the project development plan and requirements, most the nas shall distributed the community several rounds. incentive for founders and development team nebulas' development process, nebulas' founders and development team the project's organizational structure continuously contribute manpower and material resources the technical development and ecosystem operation. therefore, nas are reserved for founders and development teams incentive. their nas subject three-year vesting and lockup period. operation and ecosystem construction nebulas.io apart from the above two distributions, the remaining nas will used nebulas' operational expansion and ecosystem construction, which includes but not limited to: the dapps ecosystem incubation, developer community, business collaboration, marketing, academic studying, education, law and regulation, institutional investments. nebulas.io important information for potential contributors this white paper does not constitute prospectus offering document and does not and not intended constitute offer sell, nor the solicitation any offer buy, investment, security commodity, option any other right acquire any such investment, security commodity. this white paper has not been reviewed by, passed submitted any u.s. federal state agency selfregulatory organization any other foreign agency self-regulatory organization. this white paper does not constitute advice purchase any nas nor should relied upon connection with, any contract contribution decision. this white paper contains forward-looking statements that are based the beliefs nebulas, well certain assumptions made and information available nebulas. the project envisaged the white paper under development and being constantly updated, including but not limited key governance and technical features. accordingly, and when the project completed, may differ significantly from the project set out this whitepaper. representation warranty given the achievement reasonableness any plans, future projections prospects and nothing this white paper should relied upon promise representation the future. nas are not securities commodities and not constitute option forward commitment acquire receive any nebulas.io securities commodities financial instrument any kind. nas have not been registered under the u.s. securities act amended, the securities laws any u.s. state the securities laws any other foreign jurisdiction, nor that registration contemplated. the acquisition and delivery nas are not subject the protections any laws governing securities, commodities other types financial instruments, including, without limitation, the protections provided under the securities act comparable u.s. state law the comparable laws any foreign jurisdiction. ownership nas will carry rights, whether express implied, other than limited potential future right expectation use nas set forth this white paper and the distribution terms and conditions. nas will made available contributors solely order provide receive services the nebulas platform and support the development, testing, deployment and operation the nebulas platform. nas are not intended for investment, speculative other financial purposes. nas does not represent constitute: any ownership right stake, share, equity, security, commodity, bond, debt instrument any other financial instrument investment carrying equivalent rights; any right receive future revenues, profits, dividends, interest, shares, equities, securities any other form participation, economic otherwise, any governance right relating nas, the nebulas platform any the coalition partners nebulas; nebulas.io any form money legal tender any jurisdiction nor they constitute any representation money (including electronic money); the provision any goods services prior the date which nas may delivered contributors; any future right sell nas, trade nas with any other party. nas will distributed distributed asset ltd., accordance with the terms and conditions set forth the distribution terms and conditions. before acquiring nas, distributed asset ltd., will provide copy the distribution terms and conditions potential contributors. contributors must acknowledge, accept and agree the distribution terms and conditions order acquire nas. distributed asset ltd. distributed asset ltd. may decide their sole discretion modify the distribution terms and conditions, abandon the nebulas platform and forego issuing any additional nas. nas will distributed distributed asset ltd., accordance with the distribution terms and conditions. nebulas intends operate full compliance with applicable laws and regulations and obtain the necessary licences and approvals may required its opinion key markets. this means that the development and roll-out all the features the nebulas platform described this white paper are not guaranteed. regulatory licences and/or approvals are likely required number relevant jurisdictions which relevant activities may take place. not possible guarantee, and person makes any assurances, that any such licences approvals will obtained within particular nebulas.io timeframe all. this means that nebulas and other features its proposed platform may not available certain markets, all. this could require restructuring that ecosystem and/or its unavailability all certain respects. nebulas reserves the right revise this white paper from time time its sole discretion. any revisions this white paper will made available nebulas' website at: www.nebulas.io latest updated january {n; nebulas.io