copyright (c) nebula inc. nebula (nbai) decentralized blockchain whitepaper nebula team january, abstract the blockchain technology provides digital trust mechanism for human beings which enhances the efficiency exchange asset that value someone including but not limited votes, etc. and reduces costs the genuinely credible and efficient internet value approaching. recent years, many breakthroughs have been made the field artificial intelligence (ai), and now penetrating every corner society and will become essential cornerstone change society. nebula inc., (nebula ai) committed building decentralized artificial intelligence computing blockchain (nbai) that reduces the energy costs traditional proof work converting gpu mining machines into computing services. the transactions recorded nbai will irreversible. the distributed computing network also ensures high concurrency and low latency computing power. the conversion gpu mining machines makes possible provide more cost-effective artificial intelligence services. nebula will cooperate with large-scale third-party internet data centers provide adequate computing power for computing. nebula has established artificial intelligence training centre canada. system-based quantitative finance, image identification and other blockchain applications are also development. the well-developed nbai ecosystem integrates the top-level applications such dai app, scientific research and application, university education, and the bottomlevel nbai blockchain, artificial intelligence mining machine and artificial intelligence data center. the innovative economic model the nbai ecosystem the realization complete set value-added economic systems. legal disclaimer please read the following notice very carefully before proceeding read this white paper issued nebula inc. you are any doubt the action you should take, you should consult your legal, financial, tax other suitable professional advisor(s). this white paper technical document setting out the current and future developments the nbai platform and the nbai ecosystem nebula inc. information this white paper should considered business, legal, financial tax advice regarding nebula the nbai tokens. you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional advisers regarding nebula and its business and operations, and the nbai tokens. this white paper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities, invitation make offer securities, solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction, any offer sell any product, item asset (whether digital otherwise). this paper for information purposes only, for community discussion, not legally binding and not statement future intent. nothing contained this white paper may relied upon representation, warranty, undertaking, assurance guarantee the future performance policies nebula the nbai token. unless expressly specified otherwise, the products and innovations set out this paper are currently under development and are not currently deployment. nebula does not and does not purport make any warranties representations the successful development and/or implementation such technologies and innovations, achievement any other activities noted the white paper, and disclaims any warranties, guarantees and representations implied law otherwise, the extent permitted law. person entitled rely the contents this paper any inferences drawn from it, including relation any interactions with nebula the technologies mentioned this paper. the maximum extent permitted applicable laws, regulations and rules, nebula iii disclaims all liability for any loss damage whatsoever kind (whether foreseeable not) which may arise from any person acting any information and opinions relating nebula ai, the nbai platform the nbai ecosystem contained this white paper any information which made available connection with any further enquiries, notwithstanding any negligence, default lack care. the information contained this publication derived from data obtained from sources believed nebula reliable and given good faith, but warranties, guarantees, representations are made nebula with regard the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, reliability suitability the information presented any other materials published nebula. any opinions expressed reflect the current judgment the authors this paper and not necessarily represent the opinion nebula ai. the opinions reflected herein may change without notice and the opinions not necessarily correspond the opinions nebula ai. nebula does not have obligation amend, modify update this paper otherwise notify reader recipient thereof the event that any matter stated herein, any opinion, projection, forecast estimate set forth herein, changes subsequently becomes inaccurate. nebula ai, its directors, employees, contractors and representatives not have any responsibility liability any person recipient (whether reason negligence, negligent misstatement otherwise) arising from any statement, opinion information, expressed implied, arising out of, contained derived from omission from this paper. neither nebula nor its advisors have independently verified any the information, including the forecasts, prospects and projections contained this paper. each recipient rely solely its own knowledge, investigation, judgment and assessment the matters which are the subject this report and any information which made available connection with any further enquiries and satisfy itself the accuracy and completeness such matters. whilst every effort made ensure that statements facts made this paper are accurate, all estimates, projections, forecasts, prospects, expressions opinion and other subjective judgments contained this paper are based assumptions considered reasonable the date the document which they are contained and must not construed representation that the matters referred therein will occur. any plans, projections forecasts mentioned this paper may not achieved due multiple risk factors including without limitation defects technology developments, legal regulatory exposure, market volatility, sector volatility, corporate actions, the unavailability complete and accurate information. nebula may provide hyperlinks websites entities mentioned this paper, however the inclusion link does not imply that nebula endorses, recommends approves any material the linked page accessible from it. such linked websites are accessed entirely your own risk. nebula does not accept responsibility whatsoever for any such material, nor for consequences its use. the use any company and/or platform names trademarks herein (save for those which relate nebula ai) does not imply any affiliation with, endorsement any third party. reference this white paper specific companies and platforms are for illustrative purposes only. this white paper not directed to, intended for distribution use by, any person entity who citizen resident located any state, country other jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availability use would contrary law regulation, including but not limited singapore. this white paper only available www.nebula-ai.com and may not redistributed, reproduced passed any other person published, part whole, for any purpose, without the prior, written consent nebula ai. the manner distributing this white paper may restricted law regulation certain countries. persons into whose possession this paper may come are required inform themselves about and observe such restrictions. accessing this white paper, recipient hereof agrees bound the foregoing limitations. prospective acquirers the nbai tokens should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with cryptocurrencies, nebula ai's businesses and operations and the nbai tokens. prospective acquirers the nbai tokens should familiar with all the information set out this white paper and the risk statement prior any purchase nbai tokens. you should ensure that you are aware all the risks prior obtaining the nbai tokens. the risk statement details some the potential risks that prospective acquirers nbai tokens should aware of. recommend that you seek out independent advice, whether financial, legal, tax otherwise, before engaging any sort business endeavour. any agreement between nebula and you purchaser, relation any sale and purchase the nbai tokens, governed only separate document setting out the terms and conditions such agreement (the "t&cs"). the event any inconsistencies between the t&cs and this white paper, the former shall prevail. nebula does not owe the holder any rights obligations except expressly set out the t&cs. this white paper may translated into language other than english and the event conflict ambiguity between the english language version and translated versions this white paper, the english language version shall prevail. you acknowledge that you have read and understood the english language version this white paper. the nbai tokens are not intended constitute securities any jurisdiction and any manner, including but not limited any kind currency (other than cryptocurrency), debentures, stocks shares issued any person entity, rights, options derivatives respect such debentures, stocks shares, rights under contract for differences under any other contract the purpose purported purpose which secure profit avoid loss, units collective investment scheme, units business trust, derivatives units collective investment scheme business trust, any other security class securities. nebula shall use all proceeds sale the nbai tokens fund nebula ai's cryptocurrency project, businesses, team development and operations. risk statement regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements, rules have been complied with. this white paper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not taken transmitted any country where distribution dissemination this white paper prohibited restricted. any case, part this white paper distributed, reproduced, disseminated without including this section. the maximum extent permitted applicable laws, regulations and rules, employees agents will, relation the website and nbai tokens, not liable for any damages any kind, including, but not limited any direct, consequential, incidental, special indirect damages (including but not limited lost profits, loss revenue third party loss whether foreseeable otherwise, trading losses damages that result from use loss use the website and nbai tokens). for the avoidance doubt, the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, nebula expressly disclaims any and all responsibility for any direct consequential loss damage any kind whatsoever arising directly indirectly from: (i) reliance any information contained this document, (ii) any error, omission inaccuracy any such information, (iii) any action resulting therefrom, (iv) usage acquisition products, available through the website. you acknowledge and agree that you are not purchasing nbai tokens for purposes investment, speculation, some type arbitrage strategy, for immediate resale other financial purposes. some the statements the whitepaper which reflect nebula ai's current views with respect roadmap and future plans, both with respect the distributor(nebula inc.) and the sectors vii and industries which nebula operates. statements which include the words "expects", "plans", "believes", "projects", "anticipates", "will", "aims", "may", "would", "could", "continue" and similar statements are future forward-looking nature. all forward-looking statements address matters that involve risks and uncertainties. accordingly, there are will important factors that could cause nebula ai's actual results differ materially from those indicated these statements. any forward-looking statements the whitepaper reflect the distributor's current views with respect future events and are subject these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating nebula ai's operations, results operations and growth strategy. these forward-looking statements speak only the date the whitepaper. prospective buyers the nbai tokens should specifically consider the factors identified the whitepaper which could cause actual results differ before making purchase decision. statement the whitepaper intended profit forecast and statement the whitepaper should interpreted mean that the earnings the distributor for the current future years would may implied this whitepaper. addition, there are other risks the process development, maintenance and operation the nbai ecosystem, many them which are out nebula ai's control. you acknowledge that you understand and agree the assumption the following risks, including but not limited the following: uncertain laws relating digital token offerings: the regulatory position nbai tokens and distributed ledger technology unclear and/or unsettled certain jurisdictions, and there may risks that the nbai token may considered security, that might considered security the future, these jurisdictions. nebula may cease operations jurisdiction the event that regulatory actions, changes law regulation, make illegal operate such jurisdiction, commercially undesirable obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) operate such jurisdiction. viii security issues: hackers other malicious groups organizations may attempt interfere with the nbai tokens and/or the platform variety ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks, denial service attacks, consensus-based attacks, sybil attacks, guerilla-style attacks, smurf attack and spoofing. furthermore, there risk that third party nebula may unintentionally introduce weaknesses into the core infrastructure the platform and/or the nbai tokens, which could negatively affect the platform and/or the nbai tokens. ethereum-based protocols: the nbai token and the platform are based ethereum-based protocol and architecture, any malfunction, breakdown abandonment the relevant ethereum-based protocol architecture may have material adverse effect the nbai tokens and/or the platform. moreover, advances cryptography, technical advances (including, but not limited to, the development quantum computing), could present unknown risks the nbai tokens and/or the platform rendering ineffective the cryptographic consensus mechanism that underpins the ethereum-based protocol. imperfect information disclosures: the platform the stage development the date these terms and its algorithm, code, consensus mechanism and/or various other technical specifications and parameters could updated and changed frequently and constantly. while the white paper and other marketing materials (as the case may be) released relating the development the platform has been prepared with the then up-todate key information the platform, subject adjustments and updates from time time following the growth and development the platform and/or the ecosystem the platform. due the decentralized nature the platform, nebula may not able to, and not obliged to, update you all details relating the development the platform (including, but not limited to, its progress and expected milestones). purchasing, holding and using the nbai tokens, you accept that there may insufficiency the information disclosed. early development risks: you understand and accept that the platform currently development phase and requires substantial development. due unforeseeable material conceptual, technical and commercial changes before the final release, you understand and accept the risk that the development the platform may not executed implemented planned, for reasons including but not limited to, the event decline the prices any digital asset, virtual currency nbai token, unforeseen technical difficulties, and the shortage funds for developing nebula ai's cryptocurrency project. illiquidity: there prior market for nbai tokens and the nbai token sale may not result active liquid market for nbai tokens. the nbai token intended used solely within the network the platform, hence there may illiquidity risk with respect any nbai token held. uninsured losses: the nbai token uninsured unless you specifically obtain private insurance insure them. the event loss loss utility value the nbai token, there public insurer private insurance arranged nebula offer any recourse you. tax treatment: the tax characterization the nbai token uncertain. you must seek your own tax advice connection with the purchase, holding and/or usage the nbai tokens, which may result adverse tax consequences you, including withholding, taxes, income taxes and tax reporting requirements. competitors: possible that alternative networks could established that utilize the same similar code and protocol underlying the nbai token and/or the platform and attempt re-create similar facilities. the platform may required compete with these alternative networks, which could negatively impact the nbai token and/or the platform. risks arising from insufficient interest: possible that the platform may not used large number individuals, companies and other entities that there may limited public interest the creation and development distributed ecosystems (such the platform). such lack use interest could negatively impact the development the platform and therefore the potential utility the nbai token. risks dissolution: possible that, due any number reasons, including, but not limited to, unfavourable fluctuation the value cryptographic and fiat currencies, decrease the utility the nbai token due negative adoption the platform, the failure commercial relationships, intellectual property ownership challenges, the platform may longer viable operate and nebula may dissolved. risks arising from lack governance rights: the nbai token confers governance rights any kind with respect the platform nebula ai, all decisions involving the platform nebula will made nebula its sole and absolute discretion, including, but not limited to, decisions discontinue the services and/or the ecosystem the platform, create and sell more nbai tokens for use the ecosystem the platform, sell liquidate nebula ai. these corporate decisions could adversely affect the platform and the nbai token that you hold. loss talent: the development the platform depends the continued cooperation the existing technical team and expert consultants, who may have specialized knowledge and expertise their respective sectors. the loss any member may adversely affect the platform its future development. risks relating "forking": the platform based certain open-source elements and nebula does not monopolize the development, marketing, operation otherwise the platform. any entity may independently develop patch upgrade the platform and the acceptance these patches upgrades sufficient percentage nbai token holders could result two more divergent networks. the community the platform may split support the divergent networks respectively. the temporary permanent existence forked networks could adversely affect the operation the platform and the nbai token that you hold. ownership and control rights: ownership the nbai tokens does not grant you the right ownership right share nebula ai. the nbai tokens not give nbai token holders the right participate the decision making about the direction and development the nebula business. however, the opinions nbai token holders and the platform users are very important nebula and may taken into account nebula when such decisions are being made. risk the number and value the nbai tokens: the quantum and value the nbai tokens may affected factors, within outside nebula ai's control, including but not limited the supply and demand for nbai tokens the market. these factors could adversely affect the quantum and value the nbai tokens. xii contents technology and industry overview the internet value ................................................................................................... ... blockchain technology development .................................................................. ... dapp and artificial intelligence ............................................................................ market prospects ....................................................................................................... existing challenges .................................................................................................... project objectives ...................................................................................................... nbai ecosystem nbai .......................................................................................................................... ... helix (pow) ........................................................................................................... ... orion(pog) ........................................................................................................... task implementation .............................................................................................. ... cross-chain service usage .................................................................................. data center and mining machine ........................................................................ ... data center ....................................................................................................... ... mining machine .............................................................................................. dai app development ................................................................................................ higher education ......................................................................................................... nebula foundation ................................................................................................. ... joint laboratory .............................................................................................. ... engineer training center ................................................................................. nbai architecture design nbai logical architecture ......................................................................................... nbai system architecture ......................................................................................... api/sdk support ....................................................................................................... nbai optimized design data security encryption ........................................................................................... distributed system optimization ............................................................................... nbai token xiii token plan ................................................................................................................... use value tokens ............................................................................................ token application ................................................................................................... user scenarios ....................................................................................................... dai app developer profit model ................................................................................ nbai application case .......................................................................................... roadmap collaboration plan ico plan core team r&d team .................................................................................................................. advisory team ............................................................................................................ conclusion references appendix revision history xiv technology and industry overview the internet value the traditional internet based historical content (instead creating new value) and known the industry the internet information. the blockchain technology, the other hand, has evolved the internet into network infrastructure for building social trust systems through the establishment efficient and reliable value exchange system, which will enable the internet generate new value and realize the efficient exchange value, otherwise known the industry the internet value. ... technology blockchain technology comprehensive technology system based distributed systems, computer networks, cryptography, data structures and other research results various fields. the technology blockchain records and maintains data multiple ways, ensures data transmission and access security applying cryptography, and the data stored chain structure and can only read written ensure its consistency, prevents tampering and cannot denied. blockchain technology represented bitcoin and ethereum implements peer-to-peer credit transactions between distributed nodes adding technologies such data encryption, consensus mechanisms, timestamps, and economic incentives. has solved the problems cumbersome and inefficient transaction cycles, high costs and unsafe data storage, which have become commonplace traditional centralized systems, and became the nuclear technology the modern digital cryptocurrency system. this technology system enables information consensus, sharing, and co-responsibility among all participants that can entirely ported the underlying applications most trust-based business models and organizations. satoshi nakamoto published the bitcoin design paper bitcoins: peer-to-peer electronic cash system where indicated create new decentralized electronic payment system, which "based cryptographic proof instead trust, allowing any two willing parties transact directly with each other without the need for trusted third party []". from then on, the blockchain technology represented bitcoin began known the world. blockchain technology typically divided into two generations industry and academia: bitcoin solves the problem encrypting ledger and decentralized payments. ethereum enriches the application value blockchain technology. the smart contracts used ethereum can use virtual machines and contract programming provide new ideas for the development cryptocurrencies. the same time, large number dapps and ico financial innovations came into being, opening new territory for financial markets. the first application the blockchain, bitcoin realized the mode the decentralized cryptocurrency ledger system. bitcoin relies the completion computational tasks based particular algorithm and does not depend any individual organization, thereby ensuring consistency with the distributed ledger system. vitalik buterin applied the concept smart contracts his design ethereum [], giving common framework for blockchain with turing completeness. the application blockchain technology establishes credible peer-to-peer transmission, which provides with new social trust mechanism, supporting common decision-making whilst protecting individual rights and interests, and both opening transaction information whilst protecting node privacy. this mechanism enhances the efficiency the value exchange and reduces the cost, laying new foundation for the development the digital economy. marks the beginning that society evolves from the internet information building genuinely credible and efficient internet value. the same time, the application blockchain innovation thriving, reflecting the new direction public service development and industrial innovation revolution. ... dapp and artificial intelligence dapp (decentralized application) kind application that runs the node the decentralized network server. mainly consists front end presentation layer, background server and smart contract. with the rapid development ethereum, few millions dapps have emerged all walks life, and the internet value ecosystem increasingly complete. recent years, many breakthroughs have been made the field artificial intelligence, and there wave research artificial intelligence global scale. the research and application artificial intelligence have now penetrated every gap human society, which has also been integrated with the application dapps. however, the research artificial intelligence requires strong computational power, which has been promoted from the early stage cpu computation gpu computing. the large-scale application deployment has higher requirements hardware performance and system concurrent processing. nebula blockchain, new generation blockchain, dedicated solving the computing power needs human beings the process artificial intelligence, expediting the inter-regional transfer resources and writing integrated and decentralized applications more conveniently, realize seamless integration blockchain micropayments, hyperledger, decentralized features, and applications and achieve the transformation from dapp dai app. nebula committed building decentralized artificial intelligence computing blockchain (nbai) that reduces the energy costs traditional proof work (pow) converting gpu mining machines into computing services. the nebula blockchain, developers can design their own dai apps based nebula ai's generic programming interface, and gain rewards nbai tokens publishing apps. the transactions recorded nbai will irreversible. the distributed computing network also ensures high concurrency and low latency computing power. the conversion gpu mining machines makes possible provide more cost-effective artificial intelligence services. nebula has established artificial intelligence training centre canada and dedicated disseminating the latest applications and knowledge the industry and delivering talents society. also, nebula will cooperate with large-scale third-party internet data centres provide computing power for computing. system-based quantitative finance, image identification and other related blockchain applications are also development. the nbai blockchain will inject fresh blood into the internet value and provide costeffective basic services for global artificial intelligence development. market prospects blockchain technology has achieved global application deployment. all countries are closely watching the development the blockchain, and planning the application the blockchain. according market research firm gartner, the value blockchain-based businesses will reach billion u.s. dollars addition the large-scale application blockchain technology the financial sector, blockchain technology will create over one trillion dollars value the manufacturing and supply chain industries. klaus schwab pointed out that the blockchain the fourth industrial revolution after mechanization, electrification and digitization. estimated that the global gdp will use blockchain technology for data storage []. marketsand markets forecasts that the average annual growth global blockchain applications and solution providers improve business operations will reach its peak between and []. the market prospects blockchain technology mainly lies social public services and economic models optimization. the level social public service, blockchain technology penetrating into areas social security, intellectual property and public administration, and mainly focuses four areas: identity verification, forensic authentication, information sharing, and transparent governance. the british government released, for the first time, the report distributed ledger technology: beyond blockchain which explores the critical application distributed ledger government affairs []. subsequently, the united states set "congressional blockchain caucus" and the governments russia, singapore, dubai, japan and china all accelerated the social application blockchain technology []. under the influence the underlying philosophy distributed consensus, transparent open source and social collaboration blockchain technology, the public service realizes overall change from data management process optimization management thinking, that helps increase public participation, reduce social operating costs and improve the quality and efficiency social management, which plays important role promoting the level social management and governance. the level economic optimization, the core philosophy the blockchain economy lies the reconstruction business logic, creating new pattern finance and economy the future, not just technological revolution []. early the blockchain has become the highest-paid sector u.s. venture capital. the current global blockchain has more than projects, and the global value cryptocurrency assets amounts billion dollars. blockchain has high application value regarding finance, shared economy and internet things, which has attracted the wide layout business groups such goldman sachs, citigroup, nasdaq, deloitte and airbnb. user groups the fields blockchain/cryptocurrency assets are also growing rapidly: from million users worldwide early million users early []. the blockchain system, participants can trade without having know each other's basic information achieve "trustless trust" and change the third-party-based trust model the traditional mode, and the economic system can out the current system's constraints endorsement third parties, resulting the situation whereby two sides realize the delivery value. economy based blockchain solutions can improve existing business rules, build new industrial collaboration model and improve the efficiency collaborative logistics. blockchain can provide systematic support for economic and social transformation and upgrading []. the significant advantages are the optimization business processes, lower operating costs and synergy, and these advantages have emerged all areas society, including financial services, supply chain management, smart manufacturing, education and employment. after years ups and downs, the artificial intelligence industry finally recovering with the rise machine learning. has now formed new round development the world, countries have sounded the horn explore the mysteries human wisdom. the scale the global artificial intelligence market reached billion dollars the research and development artificial intelligence all fields the world have been strengthened and emphasized, with the market scale the industry increasing more than billion dollars []. according the market demand, the global market size artificial intelligence expected reach billion dollars dapp will form the backbone the internet value the future. artificial intelligence will cover all application areas. blockchain, the infrastructure the former two, will undoubtedly become popular and will inevitably bring significant changes the traditional internet, society and the natural environment. existing challenges highly centralized google and amazon have started provide cloud services artificial intelligence computing. however, single-commerce companies, they could stop providing the service any time, given special circumstances, which are based their own interests and the pressure of, for instance, governments and other organizations. for example, google was banned the chinese government, leaving chinese users unable utilize their services. the blockchain new decentralized protocol that securely stores data information through distributed ledger type database distributed across multiple addresses, multiple regions, multiple participants) []. the blockchain based the architecture "decentralization". the rights and obligations any nodes are equal; the data blocks the system are jointly maintained all nodes, and each node shares rights and obligations, verified node distribution the world, ensure that the information cannot forged and tampered with; and technically guaranteeing the transaction, without the need for third-party structure provide trust mechanism. corporations use decentralized distributed ledger technology process, verify transactions, other types data exchange, and the records are stored the ledger. once most participants agree, each record given time stamp and unique encrypted signature. the distributed ledger provides verifiable and auditable information history, and all participants can view suspicious records []. this technique guarantees that impossible shut down the entire network long more than one node operation. this makes possible design decentralized cloud service which cannot blocked. data privacy security although centralized companies have various security agreements, still difficult for companies ensure data privacy when faced with internal leaks. also, when the government requests for data, the centralized company limited geographical restrictions the host country, leaving the only option cooperate with the government and transfer ownership the data. result, users' data security cannot guaranteed. based the cryptography technology, blockchain kind low cost, high security, customizable and encapsulated decentralized trust solution tool based encryption technology, which relies the encryption algorithm, peer-to-peer transaction and information stored each node without trusting single centre []. each node involved maintaining the security and accuracy the information keeping copy complete set historical databases. the peerto-peer blockchain encryption technology can used ensure that only the owner the private key can access specific information, while other users cannot decrypt data. this great significance for variety high-value training data and models. the advantages blockchain terms data security are follows: use highly redundant databases ensure the integrity the information. verify data using cryptography-related principles ensure that the data cannot tampered with. use multiple private keys for access control. maintenance costs the maintenance centralized computing center will cost heavily the workforce. thus, the use blockchain micropayments makes easier pay for maintenance and allows anyone lend their computing power. the shared economy model dramatically reduces maintenance workforce costs well computing costs. hash calculation efficiency currently ethereum, zcash and other gpu pow consume lot power and hash computing. the computing power these gpus can used for calculations, rather than simply being used pow. recent study shows that bitcoin mining has consumed more electricity than the average annual electricity consumption countries this year. such high level power consumption has become urgent problem solved. digiconomist estimates that bitcoin mining consumes about .twh annually, which much higher than the average annual electricity consumption twh ireland []. fact, recent ing study abn amro shows that bitcoin transaction consumes enough power for full week average american household use []. digiconomist also found that mining the second most expensive cryptocurrency, ethereum, consumes more power than that most countries []. blockchain application development environment with the rapid growth various applications (dapps) the blockchain, good state the ecosystem the heart the user experience. this includes how users can retrieve their expected dapps massive blockchain applications, how motivate developers provide more dapps users, and how help developers develop better dapps faster manner. take ethereum example, there are tens thousands dapps based ethereum. imagine the scale dapps the blockchain world close that the apple app store, would serious problem discover and find user's expected dapps. with the popularity blockchain technology, more and more application scenarios blockchain technology have been discovered. blockchain technology scenarios have been gradually expanded from the original cryptocurrency more scenarios and user groups. for example, the community represented ethereum introduced the concept smart contracts blockchain technology, and ripple used the blockchain technology implement the real-time gross settlement system. with the increasing diversity application scenarios, user demands for blockchain also increasing, and will expect face more challenges. project objectives order improve the status quo the current centralized cloud computing ecosystem, intend utilize the decentralization blockchain technology rent and distribute the computing power artificial intelligence machines globally. blockchain encryption technology efficiently avoids the problem internal leakage and the maintenance distributed calculation units handed over the owners various calculation units, which considerably reduces the workload maintenance. split this overall goal into the following sub-goals: shared computing platform the shared computing device platform will address the unbalanced demand between consumers and suppliers devices. suppliers computing devices are unable use their computing power, which leads some computing resources being idle. the other hand, large number users who require the computing power cannot obtain economical and efficient computing resources. peer-to-peer payment blockchain technology, well blockchain ledger technology, enable shared computing paid and shared the most convenient way. physical computing units large number gpu computing mining machines can converted into computing units, from simple hash calculations into more meaningful task calculations. due the particularity calculations, necessary pre-install the specified system and regularly update the client, including the ledger system, order play hardware performance better and share computing power. decentralized applications decentralized applications system requires corresponding interface for dai app programmers invoke conveniently and use the platform's computing power. includes the payment api, computing capacity estimation api and work estimation api, etc., order speed the development applications. integrated ipfs distributed storage decentralized applications require distributed file storage systems store data. option the ipfs (inter-planetary file system) storage system replace the traditional centralized cloud storage local file storage, order achieve better distributed storage. ipfs protocol and eponymous network designed create content-addressable, peer-topeer method storing and sharing hypermedia distributed file system. the nodes the ipfs network will form distributed file system []. most the future ipfs will use cross-chain service. please read the section cross-chain service usage learn more about cross-chain technology. engineer training center nebula will establish systematic artificial intelligence training center provide practical knowledge the field artificial intelligence. engineers gradually create and train artificial intelligence models product design through system learning and project operations. are dedicated disseminating the latest applications and knowledge the industry and developing and delivering outstanding talents. our mission fill the talent gap, and give full play the power artificial intelligence business. nbai ecosystem figure nbai ecosystem the nbai ecosystem consists two major components, the nbai foundation and the nbai system. the nbai foundation supports the development, operation, and management blockchain development platforms, joint labs, and engineer training centers. the nbai system integrates the top-level applications such dai app, scientific research and application, university education, and the bottom-level nbai blockchain, artificial intelligence mining machine and artificial intelligence data center. figure nbai economic model figure indicates the economic model the nbai ecosystem. developers provide users with dai apps, users pay for nbai tokens use apps for free based the rules set the developers. developers submit artificial intelligence tasks nbai and pay for nbai tokens based nbai's estimated costs. thereafter, nbai will open the tasks, and miners are free receive and handle the tasks from nbai. nbai will obtain the corresponding nbai token reward after completing the tasks. clients and miners can trade nbai tokens through the crosschain token exchange platforms, achieve complete set value-added economic systems. nbai the nbai ecosystem, there are many deep training models (such rnn, cnn and lstm) trained, which requires large number gpu computing complete. order solve this problem, have change the manner mining blockchain. instead simply using pow the solution, intend issue the nbai tokens pow early stages roadmap (until helix chain) and proof group (pog) later stages( onwards, orion chain). existing miners can perform artificial intelligence algorithms calculation obtain token rewards. the early days, ethereum protocol(ethash) will still used pow ensure the stability the block nbai blockchain. however, after the release main-net pog will enabled. ... helix (pow) the same time that the white paper released, artificial intelligence public blockchain loaded with smart contracts will also released. therefore, the first phase the project will implemented using independent ether chain. the independent ether chain has the following advantages: less traffic delay. customized gas, which can help motivate miners get profits through smart contracts instead relying gas profits from smart contracts. customized difficulty, which can increase the speed generating the block, well adjust the speed nbai token production. according varying computing abilities, each artificial intelligence node can obtain the tasks the task pool through smart contracts. then, they calculate the task, and obtain the token rewards after submitting the results. the hash smart contract recorded the block identify the address the task. the contract will set out the task address, workload and work costs. however, bitcoin has attracted most the world's computing power nowadays, other blockchain applications using the pow consensus mechanism have found hard obtain enough hash power protect their own safety. mining causes waste lot resources, which will inevitably lead environmental destruction and energy shortage. difficult shorten the confirmation time the block, and the cycle reaching consensus longer, which longer suitable for popular business applications. also, the pow consensus mechanism has solution the attack yet []. therefore, intend for the nbai ecosystem apply new set consensus mechanisms address the potential loopholes pow and the consensus mechanism optimize nbai. ... orion(pog) due the large training data artificial intelligence, the time taken acquire data the system becomes very crucial. the characteristic cloud computing the closer the distance between nodes, the lower the cost communication, and the higher the corresponding computational efficiency. based this feature and the existing issues the pow consensus mechanism, will use new consensus mechanism proof group (pog). pog will use consensus systems and nbai credit mechanisms ensure efficiency and security. the definitions are follows: work node and ledger work node main artificial intelligence computing task execution node; whose main role perform artificial intelligence computing tasks. addition the normal calculation, the ledger can also responsible for man- aging other nodes and performing ledger functions. when task needs executed, the ledger responsible for allocating subtasks all work nodes the area. the task results are then written into the ipfs. the completed contract will finally submitted through the byzantine consensus the ledger for verification. when new work node joins the system, will first broadcast the information and search for nearby nodes. finds existing nodes within the response time (t), then chooses join the network designated nodes become one the worker. nodes respond within the response time (t), then elects itself ledger. how become ledger within network, there are two ways for work node become ledger: after the disappearance the original ledger the network, the node with the highest credit automatically becomes the ledger. assume that there are work nodes the network, denoted the survival time each node denoted pi, the product the sum its response time all the other nodes the network its survival time the smallest, then this node becomes the ledger. virtual working group figure virtual working group several work nodes will combined into working group. the backup factor working group defined the number nodes that can simultaneously process the ledger. assuming total sum nodes, the backup factor can two algebraic systems, mapping. (a)of (b), then homomorphic mapping from encryption mapping from plaintext cipher text space. the crypto map homomorphic map, say that homomorphic encryption scheme. give the following definitions: let e(k, denote the encryption using the encryption algorithm and the encryption key represents operation. for and there exists efficient algorithm (k, (x, ..., xn)) g(k, (e(x, ..., xn))) then the encryption algorithm said homomorphic for the definition the equation only holds for then the encryption scheme additive homomorphic encryption scheme. the definition the equation only holds for then the encryption scheme multiplication homomorphic encryption scheme. encryption scheme fully homomorphic encryption scheme the equality the definition holds for (x, ..., xn), which contains mixture addition and multiplication operations. the homomorphic encryption scheme that only holds for one kind operation called the partially homomorphic encryption scheme. the homomorphic encryption scheme the public key system consists random algorithms keygene, encrypte and decrypte. keygene: receive the safety factor input, output the private key and the public key pk, defines the plaintext space and ciphertext space encrypte: receive input and plaintext and output cipher text encrypted with plaintext with public key pk, denoted encrypte(pk, p). decrypte: receive the input and ps, output the plaintext the computational complexity the above three random algorithms determined the polynomial and the encryption system should satisfy the correctness condition: keygene(l), (sk, pk) encrypte(pk,p), then decrypte(sk, ph) and addition, the evaluatee algorithm interpreted as: entering public key pk, circuit from the circuit set and set ciphertext output the ciphertext psi evaluatee(pk, pi), ..., then: evaluatee(pk, evaluatee(pk, c(p, ..., pt) once the algorithm preserved, the data structure preserved. therefore, the process machine learning, only need the data structure, can decrypt the encrypted information and machine learning. distributed system optimization data transmission can sped the equal segmentation big data processing. the worker node nbai receives the task for concurrent processing, after which each node returns the result the selected aggregation node for the task's consolidation, and finally returns the task owner. these transmissions and processing, optimize nbai node election, data access, load balancing, network security and the research redundancy mechanisms. when nbai receives tasks with large datasets from developers, single miners cannot handle the tasks their own. will need split the tasks and deliver them multiple miners for calculation, and eventually return the aggregated task results the developer. this series operations needs rely complete and optimized distributed system. nbai will also optimized meet the performance demands high throughput, low latency and high concurrency. although the traditional distributed system structure has only three layers, according business demands, will often designed more levels. multi-tier structure often has wide range proxy processing and routing. most these proxy processes are connected via tcp both ends. however, order avoid the high failure rate and high maintenance cost tcp, nbai will apply message queuing mechanisms realize inter-process communications. nbai uses nosql provide solution the distribution data storage tiers, addition the advantages high-volume and high-speed access, nosql can only retrieve and write using index. this constraint brings the advantages distributed implementation, the system can press this main index define the data stored the process. such big data-level task, can safely sent different nodes. figure future/promise model because distributed systems involve great deal network communications and the system relies asynchronous, non-blocking programming models, developers generate large number callback functions the programming distributed systems. task instructions will distributed multiple processes, and completed through combination network communications. however, this asynchronous programming model callback very detrimental code maintenance. order solve this problem, nbai uses the future/promise model optimize the callback function. nbai token token plan use value tokens the nbai token used purchase computing power. when the training data relatively small, the number tokens consumed less, and when the training data large, the token consumed increases accordingly. the number nbai tokens used depends the training costs(time and computing power consumed for specific task) and the value the current token the current value token the hash power each graphics card within one minute, that is, gflop/s token tokens will used the following three cases: developers test developers the test will utilize some tokens for model training. depending how many tokens are utilized, the training time required train the model will reduced use dai apps dai apps may set paid apps developers; users must utilize the nbai tokens exchange for these services, such the trend prediction cryptocurrencies app this white paper. purchase dai training services when users utilize training services obtain finer models, they are required pay for retraining the models. user scenarios quantitative trading quantitative trading has been using computers for assistance from many years ago. analysts use variety quantitative models design metrics and observe data distribution, using the computer operator. until the rise machine learning recent years, the data can rapidly and quantitatively analyzed, fitted, and predicted, that analysts can predict the market trend future financial products more accurately. however, the calculations these models still require lot artificial intelligence computing power. with the traditional approach, each trading section needs set data center its own. however, sharing computing power can eliminate the need for expensive maintenance, and allow financial trading firms focus more predicting itself. learners program colleges and universities have increasingly set artificial intelligence courses, which will become more popular the next few years. students usually choose small tasks run their computers, and run time-consuming tasks the school computer labs. however, these fragmented tasks can solved with blockchain computing cloud. low-cost computing services are ideal for students complete variety computing tasks, and quickly modify their models. biomedical artificial intelligence figure for cancer research early detection tumours great significance. however, because the small area early cancer lesions, the traditional method difficult judge whether the tumour benign malignant, which makes difficult for clinical diagnosis. doctors often need conduct tests using the biopsy method, which not only increases the medical cost but also brings patients great pain. the application artificial intelligence medical image recognition and multidisciplinary collaborative diagnosis can effectively overcome this difficult point, enhance the ability doctors diagnose, help make quick decisions and promote the transformation medical services one individualization and precision. dai app developer profit model dai app task types class require training model. app users have utilize tokens drive calculations that consume lot resources. the training time may take hours even hundreds hours. class need train models use existing models. the apps not need consume computing power, users only need pay certain nbai tokens for smart contract costs. also possible invoke the computing results class dai apps generate the application. this type dai apps less expensive. task calculation standard computing contract contains the following basic elements: task data address task program script task execution result output address the number nbai tokens required for task task release when the task posted the chain, all miners can accept tasks from the system. the task identified "in progress" when executed the mining machine. the user can set several different levels redundancy calculations ensure more accurate result. nounce can set different levels such correspond different redundancy calculations. larger numbers mean more calculations are needed ensure the accuracy the results. the corresponding cost will higher. cost calculation calculation generally divided into the training phase and the using phase. the training phase will consume lot training resources, most the computational power will used here. the using phase, due the end the training, less power will consumed. the start the task, the smart contracts will pre-charge portion the nbai tokens pre-payment and, the end the calculation, will re-calculate the total nbai tokens utilized and require the customer pay the balance nbai tokens obtain the data. the users need certain amount nbai tokens start booking service, multi-signature automatic contracts will lock the nbai tokens ensure the transaction being operated normally. task execution the mining machine clients read the task plans from the chain and parse them into executable code. artificial intelligence and training data can stored external links when tasks start being executed. the code will executed the following steps: parse the encryption task. download data remotely. set the task execute state. write the progress and result the operation. mining machine binds address for rewards. calculation ends dapp users download the results the implementation, which can used directly for the web demo offline use. execution results can obtained api method, and used after decrypting. nbai application case hedge funds, banks and large international companies like goldman sachs are benefiting from smart-technology-based foreign exchange and stock trading. these companies predict the shortterm and long-term effects various financial markets through "deep learning" mathematically-based predictive and probabilistic models which evolve continuously. cryptocurrency players such pantera capital, and financial institutions including santander and citibank, are also looking making money from cryptocurrencies. designing artificial intelligence model requires large amount computing power. each user must compute the model each time when the parameters are adjusted. this point, getting enough computing power through smart contracts for artificial intelligence computing effective method. the standard system goes through the following steps: figure nbai application case roadmap began design concept, research, and explore the hyperledger. developed the quant-ai dai app and conceptual prototype. started sell tokens; helix test chain went live. helix public chain will live, integrate the first dai app; start develop the orion and orion prototype chain. orion test chain will live. orion public chain will live and integrate dai apps. orion will integrate dai apps. orion will integrate dai apps. note: nebula reserves the right for earlier release for the phases roadmap. collaboration plan collaboration projects distributed system optimization and cloud computing project concordia university surgical innovation program department surgery mcgill university mitacs canada summer jobs government canada collaboration partners yes montreal mcgill university concordia university services ecvictor inc timechain beepay express mining ecv learning the professionals association greater montreal(apigm) ico plan the initial release nbai billion tokens. each year, intended for certain amount tokens produced, with the amount decreasing six years from the total initial number nbai tokens released(. billions). tokens are consumed when users use customized predictive features artificial intelligence, and the amount tokens consumed depends the amount computation. the demand tokens will increase along with the increasing complexity better performance for tasks, which condition higher computation power will consumed. miners obtain tokens through mining, and mining machines are the main sources mining returns. any application based the nbai's blockchain (such quantitative trading, biomedical ai) can only paid nbai tokens. tokens are erc tokens, and will replaced nebula main chain tokens the ratio the future. public offering ethereum nbai. ico softcap: ethereum. private placement starts from january and ends march the private placement hardcap: ethereum. public offering starts within one month after the end private placement. the public offering hardcap: ethereum. sold the private placement and public offering held the foundation community held the core team held the early-stage investors held marketing partner supporters unsold tokens from private placement will merged into public offering. unsold tokens public offering will completely destroyed. for token investors that participate the private placement and public offering, there will token lockup period. the tokens held the foundation will frozen after crowdfunding ends and are released stages (across time period approximately years), every days for cycle, and the foundation holdings will released each time. after the public offering, nbai tokens will gradually listed global cryptocurrency exchange platforms. token sale contact email: tokensale@nebula-ai.com. core team the nbai project has been receiving validation since early after several technical modifications and evolutions, the initial use hyperledger fabric evolved into bitcoin, and finally ethereum technology the main chain, which lasted one year. during this period, have received assistance from the united states, china, singapore and canada. r&d team charles cao ceo co- founder charles graduated from fudan university where majored electronic engineering. afterwards worked shanghai academy spaceflight technology and ibm shanghai. obtained his master's degree electronic and computer engineering concordia university during the course his studies, received funding from the natural sciences and engineering research council canada for engaging video transcoding studies. after graduating, charles worked sap, autodesk, expedia and paysafe (acquired blackstone group for billion) the core team lead. charles set service ecvictor where focused building the electronic platform for software technology and has successively invested multiple online offline start-ups involved the following industries: medicine, education, e-commerce, and logistics. has been actively following the progress the bitcoin blockchain since and has been widely recognized the community. charles founded the montreal association with more than members. the montreal association held more than events, well many popularization and research seminars cutting-edge technologies such blockchain, artificial intelligence and big data. charles founded express computing inc. (an ethereum mining company) july quebec, canada.the hash power sales website went live and operated over the same period and completed thousands dollars hash power sales three hours after the website went live. the company's integrated operations includes mining machine design, mining and sales. charles active within the north american blockchain community and analyses multiple ico products. devoted the education, popularization and deep research blockchain north america. qinhui lin project manager qinhui has over years consulting and developing experience the startup and banking industry. was former cto residential social platform startup and led team build solid, high-concurrency and scalable social portal who has million registered users. particular, has over years experience providing consulting and development services for banking institutions such wellsfargo, capital and laurentian bank montreal and working closely with stakeholders provide technical solutions upon request. nbai, dedicated blockchain programming, mining and integrating with build efficient win-win and blockchain ecosystem. tengke xiong architect dr. xiong has acquired ph.d. and postdoctoral degree computer science sherbrooke university. addition this, has more than years experience development. was visiting scholar shenzhen institute advanced technology, the chinese academy sciences and has published papers top international journals, regarding the topic data mining. before joining nebula ai, worked chief scientist multiple companies and has also founded his own research company. xiong and now responsible for project architecture nebula ai. yanyan cfo yanyan holds master's degree finance and bachelor's degree management information systems from fudan university. she had three years work experience leading securities company china and over two years' experience the investment industry the canadian market. she also canadian chartered financial analyst candidate and chartered professional accountants canada candidate. yanping architect yanping obtained her ph.d. degree computer science sherbrooke university. she has many years experience intelligence model optimization, high dimensional data feature selection/classification and application medical image processing. she was assistant professor xiamen university and has publications top journals such machine learning, ieee transactions biomedical engineering etc. joined nebula its solution architect and responsible for development the environment for deep learning, big data analytics etc. yao engineer worked financial invest. plc quantitative trading specialist, and statistical modelling analyst axa (hk). she was the leader risk warning and machine learning research funded scut. she master economics and proficient python and she focuses the application deep learning and neural network algorithms finance. tong pang blockchain developer tong majored computer science concordia university. full stack developer, proficient blockchain algorithm such ethash and dpos. responsible for the design and implementation blockchain products. kaichen zhang engineer kaichen holds master's degree computer science from concordia university. proficient java, python and javascript, has been engaged work and research the direction combining artificial intelligence, blockchain and business intelligence. contributor "internet marketing" textbook, and was formerly the regional manager financial education company. focuses the field semantic analysis and deep learning. ming yue developer ming graduated from the civil aviation university china. has years experience machine learning and software development. expert computer vision and machine learning algorithms, had developed many video inspection software systems for iron/steel and the railway industry china. currently ming focuses image recognition and computer vision nebula ai. richard yan senior full stack developer richard graduated from fuzhou university and has more than years experience software development south america, europe and north america. participated developing number large software platforms and proficient python, node.js, and performance optimization. alberto lacerda front end developer alberto majored computer science laureate international universities. with over years experience the field. has worked for accenture its software developer, and had collaborated with fifa for its world cup projects. currently, alberto working the front end developer for nebula ai. chi zhang blockchain developer chi obtained master's degree computer science concordia university. familiar with technologies and frameworks related python, and java. takes responsibility for developing and maintaining backend services, and currently, chi focuses developing blockchain related applications. yue blockchain developer yue graduated from the beijing university posts and telecommunications and has experience software development both china and north america. participated developing multiple software platforms. yue proficient java, spring and code performance optimization. works blockchain developer nebula ai. hong pang python developer hong graduated from tianjin university and obtained master's degree applied science concordia university. familiar with python, php, javascript well related frameworks. has been working backend software developer and currently taking part r&d blockchain technology nebula ai. pin zhou software developer pin obtained master's degree computer science harbin university science and technology. she has over years experience development. currently, she works software developer nebula ai. cao developer obtained master's degree from mcgill university. with years' experience project management, she passionate feature engineering, data mining and application deep learning medical diagnostics. works machine learning engineer nebula ai. xiaojun wen front end developer xiaojun graduated from the software applications specialist program vanier college. has two years' experience front-end development and created over websites for different clients. familiar with front-end developing techniques like html/css, javascript, xiaojun currently works the front end developer for nebula ai. sidi shen designer sidi majored graphic design lehigh university the usa, and worked freelancer for company shanghai. she experienced ui/vi designer, being recipient many awards the design industry. she responsible for the design all the company's products, website promotional materials, and marketing activities. alecsa tabisaura designer alecsa majored graphic design cegep marie-victorin, montreal, canada. she has worked freelance graphic designer for various projects and companies. she experienced branding design and design. currently, she part the design team, working graphic designer for nebula ai. mable marketing coordinator mable majored acting and broadcasting the communication university china. with over five years experience sales and marketing field, she currently working the executive assistant and marketing coordinator for nebula ai. coco marketing specialist coco graduated from zhejiang university media and communications, she has more than years senior media, social advising experience and marketing coordination. she expertise developing and executing marketing strategies. currently coco working marketing specialist for nebula ai. ivan nonveiller marketing analyst ivan google-certified marketing and content analyst, with strong focus seo, business intelligence, optimization and growth. ivan majored psychology uqam and has over years experience the design data-driven solutions and information architecture. proficient ahrefs, google analytics, majestic, marketo, hubspot, moz pro, and semrush. jessica boxerman marketing coordinator jessica has years marketing experience, and active many european north american communities. she responsible for european and american community building, brand building and marketing public relations. yan front end developer yan obtained his bachelor's degree peking university, followed master's degree ecole polytechnique montreal. has worked web developer sap, and currently the leader the web developer team nebula ai. carlos gonzalez oliver blockchain developer carlos computer science ph.d. student mcgill university, and co-founder delphi crypto blockchain consulting. has expertise machine learning, algorithmic solutions biological problems, and passion for scientific applications blockchain technology. advisory team yan liu cloud computing and distributed professor concordia university's cloud computing and distributed system expert, dr. liu published hundreds articles, and she has more than nine years experience defense system development. she worked america the department energy pacific northwest national laboratory and the national ict australia senior engineer. thomas fevens medical imaging and computer vision advisor associate chair department computer science and software engineering concordia university, dr. fevens leads the computational mathematics and visualization lab, and also the director the surgical innovation centre. dr. fevens has vast number top publications computer-aided medical diagnosis and graphics. nebula has established and promoted artificial intelligence collaboration with fevens' laboratory, the field medical imaging. zhenhua lin advisor dr. lin post doctorate student the university california, davis, engaging mathematical statistics. graduated from fudan's computer and information technology department with major information security. and received master's degree computational science and master's degree statistics from simon fraser university canada, and graduated with ph.d. statistics from the university toronto focusing functional data analysis and differential geometry statistics. his research interests include non-euclidean statistics, statistical machine learning, and the implantation distributed machine learning blockchain. xun shi blockchain advisor dr. shi works for the video processing technology company harmonic inc., located silicon valley. completed his ph.d. studies york university toronto, canada, and focuses computer vision and artificial intelligence. received bachelor's degree computer graphic from beijing university computer science currently video compression algorithm design engineer. focuses the theory and industrialization computer hardware and software algorithms, especially blockchain, cryptography, encrypted networks, and decentralized video broadcasts. louis cleroux blockchain expert louis works with early-stage entrepreneurs looking improve/disrupt blockchain technologies such ethereum and bitcoin. his latest tech investment around smart wallets smart apps. guan blockchain advisor net azure cloud/devops/microsoft technology expert. started his career microsoft and have been focusing software architect/design/development for almost years. conferred the microsoft most valuable professional (mvp) award microsoft ceo satya nadella. currently, cto hi-tech real estate management platform company canada. bin zhu cloud computing advisor bin data science expert who has worked huawei and mindgeek, where built and led -person big data r&d team. has more than years experience database and big data, well having dealt with level data. also expert team communication, coordination and management. douglas leahey business development consultant dr. leahey graduated with ph.d. environment, and currently montreal youth employment adviser. provides legal, financial, and government- related innovative support project advisory services. also assists the development strategic directions and marketing strategies companies. jake barralet advisor internship mitacs dr. barralet materials science graduate who specialized biomaterials during his ph.d. the interdisciplinary research centre biomedical materials, qmw, and the university london. after postdoctoral position tokyo medical and dental university, worked smith and nephew group research centre, york, uk, developing bone graft and casting materials. the university birmingham the uk, progressed research themes regarding tissue engineering and bone grafts collaboration with biologist and clinical co-workers. currently, co-operates with nebula the biomedical field. conclusion the world's first blockchain system, nebula dedicated driving the advancement artificial intelligence technologies, building credible trust-based blockchain, creating social value and serving all humanity. nbai builds the next generation blockchain infrastructure platform that enables developers many industries truly develop, compute and deploy artificial intelligence with high efficiency, low cost, safely and reliably, without worrying about the underlying development, system configuration and environment setup. nbai can considered consensus system for decentralized data. the value carrier, nbai tokens realize the value flow artificial intelligence the nbai ecosystem. whilst the traditional internet connection can solve the problem data communication, nbai further solves the problem data consensus the basis traditional internet. compared large, centralized platform, nbai can avoid data being stored stolen service providers and realize the public processing tasks while ensuring data privacy. the rapid development blockchain technology has made possible realize the digital credit society. nbai will inject more fresh and vibrant blood into the development global blockchain technology and look forward pushing artificial intelligence, important area where society can change, new heights. references iris belle. the architecture, engineering and construction industry and blockchain technology. juan benet. ipfs-content addressed, versioned, file system. arxiv preprint arxiv: evangelos benos, rod garratt, and pedro gurrola-perez. the economics distributed ledger technology for securities settlement. vitalik buterin al. next-generation smart contract and decentralized application platform. white paper, matteo campanelli, rosario gennaro, steven goldfeder, and luca nizzardo. zeroknowledge contingent payments revisited: attacks and payments for services. proceedings the acm sigsac conference computer and communications security, pages acm, sinclair davidson, primavera filippi, and jason potts. economics blockchain. ben laurie and richard clayton. proof-of-work proves not work; version workshop economics and information, security, june ma, joshua gans, and rabee tourky. market structure bitcoin mining. technical report, national bureau economic research, marketsandmarkets.com. blockchain market worth million usd https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pressreleases/ blockchaintechnology.asp/. david mills, kathy wang, brendan malone, anjana ravi, jeffrey marquardt, anton badev, timothy brezinski, linda fahy, kimberley liao, vanessa kargenian, al. distributed ledger technology payments, clearing, and settlement. armin nabaei, melika hamian, mohammad reza parsaei, reza safdari, taha samad-soltani, houman zarrabi, and ghassemi. topologies and performance intelligent algorithms: comprehensive review. artificial intelligence review, ():-, satoshi nakamoto. bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system. nvidia. geforce gtx ti. https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/geforce/ products/series/geforce-gtx--ti/#performance. svein olnes. beyond bitcoin enabling smart government using blockchain technology. international conference electronic government and the information systems perspective, pages springer, ontariohydro. electricity rates province. http://www.ontario-hydro.com/ electricity-rates-by-province. wessel reijers, fiachra o'brolchain, and paul haynes. governance blockchain technologies social contract theories. ledger, :-, klaus schwab, xavier sala-i martin, al. the global competitiveness report citeseer, brett scott. how can cryptocurrency and blockchain technology play role building social and solidarity finance? technical report, unrisd working paper, mgcsa walport. distributed ledger technology: beyond blockchain. government office for science, guy zyskind, nathan, al. decentralizing privacy: using blockchain protect personal data. security and privacy workshops (spw), ieee, pages ieee, one bitcoin transaction now uses much energy your house week. motherboard, https://motherboard.vice.com/en_us/article/ywbbpm/bitcoin-mining-electricity-consumptionethereum-energy-climate-change. amazon instances report https://aws.amazon.com/ec/instance-types/p/ appendix revision history version date update change the private placement hardcap from eth eth. change the public placement hardcap from eth eth. cancel the plan build computing center. change cooperate with large-scale third-party internet data centers. adjust collaboration plan. adjust the proportion tokens. add advisory team members. add r&d team members. change the private sale date. adjust the softcap. add r&d team members. merge unsold tokens from private sale into public offering. revise according token offering requirements under singapore securities and futures act