nectar the nectar token's purpose grow the world's largest community decentralised exchange users. this document outlines redesigned set utilities for nectar and new economic model act base for the next stage its evolution.. nectar contents introduction background impetus for change nectar token nec token design goals nectar nectar evolution token supply reduction and switch from inflation deflation whitelist removal and ecosystem growth dao launch process deversifi: fee discounts deversifi: buy burn model deversifi necdao: decentralised autonomous organisation nectar introduction the nectar token (nec) was designed and launched the start with the aim incentivising liquidity markets traded the ethfinex digitalasset exchange platform. ethfinex's initial vision was decentralise its platform along two streams parallel: technology and governance. the nectar token was the instrument for incentivising and enabling this transitional evolution. this document lays out the launch vision for nectar with series fundamental design improvements enabling nectar successfully deliver its goals. nectar this document lays out the launch vision for nectar with series fundamental design improvements enabling nectar successfully deliver its goals. nectar advanced centralised january ethfinex born, laying the foundations start our journey decentralisation. technology governance voting tools may nec holders directly impact the governance ethfinex, proposing ideas the nectar community and voting its future direction. this extends voting for which tokens will next listed the platform. nectar token february the nectar distribute token ownership launched ethfinex amongst our traders, providing those that contribute with stake the longterm success the exchange. nectar trustless september launch trustless, the world's first trustless exchange interface using the ethereum blockchain, which can connect directly into centralised exchange. this allows ethfinex users choose between trustless on-chain settlement high speed execution. decentralised coming soon governance experiments october host governance summit featuring academics, projects and innovators from wide array disciplines discuss the implications distributed governance and how can ethically lay the groundwork for the future. the summit culminated the first meeting for nectar token holders, with future direction and actions established for ethfinex's development. nectar background under the original model, nec was inflationary, with new tokens created proportion trading volume and distributed market makers. the nectar (nec) token was launched february the original nec model was inflationary, such with the primary purpose incentivising that the amount nec issued per usd value liquidity the ethfinex centralised exchange. trading volume the exchange decreased over traders who provided liquidity the order books time. traders were incentivised provide liquidity were rewarded with nec tokens when their limit the exchange sooner rather than later due orders were matched. tokens were issued the declining issuance schedule. proportion each trader's share total exchange maker volume. this was not only novel concept the token was also used make governance the time, paving the way for host copycat decisions via community portal exchange tokens, but also acted effective community. for example, nec holders were issued mechanism distribute the token those who temporary voting tokens which they were then had the greatest involvement with the exchange. able use vote new tokens onto the exchange. nectar. there were such voting rounds leading over furthermore, ethfinex exchange trading new tokens being added ethfinex. fees were pledged nec holders via set smart-contracts the ethereum blockchain token holders. september there are eth (~. million usd) pledged holders. https://etherscan.io/ address/xccdecebfffafefccea https://nectar.community https://nectar.community/token-pool nectar impetus for change since the launch the concept for the nectar token and the ethfinex hybrid self-custodial exchange the first ethfinex whitepaper, published august our technology has continued develop. since the launch the concept for the nectar single-use, tradable, voting rights, dissociated token and the ethfinex hybrid self-custodial from the underlying tokens, allowing for exchange complex voting mechanisms (ethfinex voting the first ethfinex whitepaper published august our technology tokens evt); has continued advance and there have been significant developments the fields of: the first exchange make possible access order books and trade from hardware wallet token economics; with counterparty which using centralised exchange, thereby facilitating secure high- decentralised exchanges and other scalable and/or privacy preserving volume trading. blockchain-based applications; and these advances have continued developed through other projects. decentralised (community) governance. however, the original vision for nectar included believe ethfinex has played leading role acknowledgement that the token must evolve all three these fields, contributing novel in-line with advancements these fields, and the experimentation and many industry firsts, such as: current implementation now out-of-date. trade-mined token distribution incentivise the previous phase nectar's journey was largely market makers; built around the centralised ethfinex exchange https://www.bitfinex.com/ethfinex-whitepaper.pdf nectar platform, with inflating supply tokens earned external factors: continuously those who traded the platform. this simulated mechanism akin mining the proof-of-work facilitate the initial distribution industry changing fast, and there are now several nectar tokens large number traders, competitive models for 'exchange tokens' which rather than through sale other distribution have survived the test time. these exchange mechanism, and was subsequently dubbed 'trade- tokens have evolved not only provide traders mining' when later adopted numerous other with real utility and valuable benefits, but also exchanges. provide mechanism for traders tie themselves centralised and decentralised exchange the long term future exchange that goes however, today, ethfinex trustless (now deversifi) beyond simply making and taking liquidity. has matured decentralised trading platform and has reached point where its features and user experience can match those available fully the most popular exchange token business centralised platforms. this growth will taken models center around trading fees percentage one step further with the imminent introduction trading volume. however, competitive forces margin trading and several novel features. grow, exchanges are required compete across the same time, tools for decentralised community new dimensions and make money from added governance have also significantly advanced. for value services, such listings, initial public instance, projects such aragon and daostack offerings and sale market data. this similar are starting used make and implement decisions for production systems. nectar the traditional exchange sector therefore able take the next step along its journey, moving away from the centralised ethfinex platform and redefining itself around ethfinex trustless, with all future decision making being made open and decentralised community. consequently, ethfinex trustless will rebrand and evolve become deversifi. nectar must react remain competitive part this changing landscape. https://www.bitfinex.com/ethfinex-whitepaper.pdf https://www.unpri.org/download?ac= nectar token design goals there are many important considerations and modelling involved token design. nonetheless, the following two considerations were the forefront when designing the mechanisms and benefits the new nectar model. simplicity incentive alignment the design the token must simple. the primary goal nectar amplify the cryptocurrency economic network effects which exist around liquidity incentives onto whichever systems interacts exchanges aligning the incentives traders, with. ensuring these new incentives are clear (particularly those who contribute liquidity therefore improves the efficiency the token market-makers) with the exchange. token adds new achieving its goal. exchanges the past were relationship holders the token (predominantly traders businesses, with customers choosing trade this case) must able understand the the marketplace venue where they had the best model and calculate its value independently. the relationships and incentives. blockchain enables token's design may still contain many facets and these incentives and relationships codified, utilities but they should complementary and transparently and immutably. this results standalone, rather than interacting complex benefits from loyal long-term relationships with ways. particular platform such deversifi. nectar the vehicle for representing this loyalty. thus, must incentivise behaviour which brings liquidity and trading volume deversifi and must reward long term traders and nectar token holders when the platform successful. nectar nectar utilities benefits evolution nectar token supply reduction and the switch from inflation deflation the original ethfinex whitepaper proposed secondly, uncertainty created supply which innovative method for slowly distributing tokens has been inflating proportion uncertain every month ensure that the distribution was trading volume. calculating the token value aligned with the largest users the exchange over therefore challenging for traders who earn time. this method was implemented february them for users who buy and sell them. market with tokens being earned and distributed makers want know advance trading the ever since. transaction cost and able factor this into their trading strategy. the variable 'rebate' which result, over accounts are holding nectar nectar tokens represented (credited only once tokens, either their centralised ethfinex wallet per month) inhibited these strategies many their privately owned ethereum wallets. users cases. the clear takeaway that simplicity must trading earn tokens, the token holders essential, and that the nectar model was are familiar with the industry and are positioned overly complex. able guide the next steps for nectar way which pure speculators would not be. proposal challenges the switch nectar will represent switch from inflation deflation, whilst the same firslty, high proportion tokens are held time destroying undistributed tokens, centralised on-exchange wallets. therefore, the and will involve conducting 'staking' event visibility the token distribution and the token result further supply reduction. holders has been extremely low. this lack visibility has inhibited nectar's usefulness the token holders will stake their nectar tokens (lock past for several our governance experiments them into smart-contract the ethereum such token listings. blockchain) opt into the changes. september nectar nec distribution indirect consequence this 'staking' event will make the full distribution nectar tokens community transparent on-chain. today, more than tokens appear held the top on-chain addresses, but these addresses actually represents all the tokens which are held hot and cold storage behalf ethfinex exchange customers. more details about the implications this are provided under the dao launch section. customers ethfinex centralised total: nec exchange will able continue trading via deversifi transferring their funds wallet which only they ethfinex control, alternatively will able continue using their account with centralised custody via bitfinex. bitfinex once this migration has been completed, ethfinex centralised will slowly closed down. issuance nec distribution after burning event nectar tokens will cease and the supply will then become fixed deflationary. community (circulating) mark this milestone, ethfinex will reduce the supply destroying its remaining undistributed tokens (which represents million burnt (inactive) tokens). result, ethfinex will longer have voting majority tokens going into the community governance phase. tokens held inactive lost accounts, earned but never claimed through total: nec verification ethfinex, will never transitioned nectar and consequence the supply will further reduced. burnt (ethfinex) deversifi year vesting) bitfinex year vesting) https://blog.chainalysis.com/reports/money-supply nectar whitelist removal and ecosystem growth whitelist was active launch, which required users who earned nectar tokens and transferred one the changes proposed for nectar the complete removal the whitelist, which will allow the tokens transferred freely among all ethereum addresses them the ethereum blockchain have agreed set terms and have registered their identity with ethfinex. this was seen short-term solution and necessary precaution the start nectar's journey. new changes: one the changes proposed for nectar the complete removal the whitelist, which will allow the tokens transferred freely among all ethereum addresses. the same time, this will allow the tokens interact with the permissionless decentralised finance ecosystem being built ethereum. nectar will traded more widely both centralised and decentralised exchanges because trading will longer restricted the need for identity verification ethfinex. nectar deversifi: fee discounts the value nectar will now tied the success her first million usd equivalent -day decentralised exchanges, starting with deversifi trading volume. (previously known ethfinex trustless). this discount structure provides clear and consequence, holding nectar entitles traders easily calculable value for nectar, terms the fee discounts based linear schedule. the discounts that buying and holding nectar gives discounts are based the average balance particular trader using deversifi. for example, the user's address over the past days, which trader expects million usd trading incentivises circulating volume every days, buying and holding supply. tokens locked the necdao will also nec can give them saving usd per count towards discounts. days. the fee discount applied rolling basis fee discounts are also available incentivise based the user's reference amount nec (the placing larger orders and reaching higher -day average balance the user's address over the past trading volume thresholds. each these three days). alice holds nec she will eligible for discounts are applied commutitavely keep the fee discount her first usd equivalent calculation simple. e.g. max discount -day trading volume every period. she holds (-.) (-.)) holding and reduces nec she will eligible for discount volume volume discount order size order size discount discount -day trading nec held volume $,, $,. $,, $,, $,, $,, $,, $,, $,, https://deversifi.com nectar deversifi: buy burn model the nec supply will reduced over time advantages auction system (as opposed applying buy burn model. once week, nec direct market purchases): tokens will purchased, using the buying nec happens known the revenues from deversifi trading fees, via schedule using auctions, and these cannot open and transparent auction mechanism. the front-run; purchased nec tokens will then burnt. participation open anyone and transparent; price discovery auctions fair, even during the percentage revenues used will increase periods low volumes, and the price can the daily trading volume increases, amplifying the arbitraged the market; effect these buy-backs. the buy-backs will operated using smart-contract auction similar legal risk price manipulation from entity buying nec manually the market; that developed and deployed the melon protocol auctions can occur using multiple fee currencies, removing the need first convert all collected fee revenues into one currency. advantages buy-back the price nec: creates direct link between nec price and trading volumes deversifi; and daily auctions provide continuous buy-side pressure for nec markets. -hour trading volume percentage revenue used usd usd usd usd usd usd http://monitoring.melon.network/ nectar revenues dedicated nec buy burn (full schedule) buy-back rate daily buying power daily volume nec burn $bn buying power $.m $.m $.m $.m $.m daily volume nec burn buying power buy-back rate daily buying power revenues dedicated nec buy burn (daily volumes snapshot) nectar necdao: decentralised autonomous organisation substantial decentralised organisation will thousand person organisations. launched behalf the nectar token holders, with the purpose growing and reputation (voting power) the necdao will governing decentralised distributed via two major mechanisms exchange network, well promoting nectar nectar token holders, with final small part token utility. will launch one the most highly the reputation reserved sold (see reputation funded daos, owning over eth (if every scheme section for more information). the world's largest nectar token holder opts in), with rights govern aspects deversifi its initial remit. launch, the necdao will one the largest daos the industry, with substantial amount governance technologies are rapidly evolving funding and many participants the dao. stack the blockchain space. for over months the necdao will also run nec holders who ethfinex has been contributing this area are likely traders first and foremost with experiments immeasurable experience and knowledge. nec using novel token listing process, kleros for holders will able make proposals, deploy decentralised evaluations tokens, -day capital and grow the dao they see fit. the governance summit necdao will exist independently deversifi, but research, through significant and the use daostack for allocation funds for community bounties. given the utility that deversifi gives nec, there should close and synergistic relationship. for instance, nec holders may wish propose and permissionless innovation this field, intend fund new features for deversifi, agree marketing build upon and contribute back the leading events budgets, propose additional incentives technologies for community governance. new for traders who contribute deversifi. the models based prediction markets for decision necdao places the nec community direct making, via daostack, are now mature enough control substantial amount eth and also used and make possible coordinate puts them the heart deversifi. the compounding effects https://blog.kleros.io/kleros-ethfinex-tcr-an-explainer/ leverage https://summit.ethfinex.com https://blog.ethfinex.com/ethfinex-launches-funding-dao/ nectar necdao: decentralised autonomous organisation continued scope, assets and funding necdao will have scope govern: the necdao will manage: the "fee pot" trading fees collected whitelisted tokens registry (dictating the far during the nectar distribution phase assets which can traded deversifi) ethfinex, around eth). the ethereum name service records registered for the deversifi smart-contracts when nectar holder claims their reputation ownership the nectar erc token the new dao, they are asking for their controller smart-contract for future upgrades proportional share the "fee pot" the management the earned exchange transferred the dao. fee pot (around eth) the "fee pot" will begin slowly dripping funds the dao via vesting contract over year vesting. this allows vesting cancelled vulnerabilities are later found, rather than having the full funds risk complex smartcontract. future funding may come from other sources which the dao develops negotiates. nectar dao launch process order provide adequate time for nec holders orientate themselves with the intricacies the necdao and its processes, the launch will split into several sections: education and bug bounty weeks redeeming phase weeks september december begin the education nectar token holders during this phase, nectar token holders can about dao vision and functionality. provide claim their reputation and become familiar with tools and training about the launch process. the the tools for making and voting proposals. bug bounty runs for month incentivise the proposals can made the dao but may discovery vulnerabilities, alongside multiple not voted accepted. security audits. reputation bootstrap weeks governance phase indefinitely november december during the reputation bootstrap phase, the governance functions are available, but the dao the vesting the dao's funds, held ethereum, deployed and nectar token holders can begin begins become available allowing proposals earn their reputation. this ensures that there request them. will wide distribution reputation the time the first proposals are presented. perpetual governance phase begins. nectar the total reputation available million the time that staked tokens are locked for can (reputation not transferable). there will three increased any point the user. for example, ways obtaining reputation. two these will user already locked for more months, they exist only during the initial bootstrap phase, and may lock from now more months, and the third will perpetual. update their score accordingly. nectar staking scheme nectar snapshot scheme perpetual reputation available (initial reputation available all claimed) each month there new staking period, where the scheme will have predefined block number users may lock nectar tokens. (b), which will represent the snapshot token when staking, user will indicate the number holders. there will total nectar tokens the snapshot. the current nectar token smart- periods (n) willing lock his tokens contract allows balances historic block- (maximum periods). staking tokens involves number queried. transfering them smart-contract. during the bootstrap period weeks), agent every month there reputation auction. for that held necar tokens during the snapshot period (n), there amount reputation (rn) can claim reputation. the reputation received is: available, which defined by: rep where a=. and rep. reputation will only redeemable the end the reputation available each period divided will lost. note that exchanges must claim pro rata w.r.t score. the score for each user is: where remaining periods and nec tokens. avoid programmatic math issues, the number periods will not continue infinity, rather, will capped (~. years), which point the new available reputation will have already become negligible. the bootstrap period. reputation not claimed reputation behalf customers order unfreeze nec, although not transferable. therefore recommended that all holders withdraw from exchanges advance. gen token auction (initial reputation available) there will auctions lasting days each. reputation the auctions bought using daostack gen tokens. the acquired gen then owned the dao and used reward those who make proposals. nectar reputation distribution schemes gen auction nectar staking nectar snapshot legal disclaimer note: all nectar tokens will frozen the start the transition nec once token holder participates the dao, staking claiming not expected that ethfinex inc. any other during the redeeming phase, their tokens become legal entity will provide any new utilities transferrable. nectar token holders opting not roadmap for nectar after launching participate will able destroy their nec claim the proportional share ethereum held once the dao has launched, responsible for their behalf. after months, tokens which have the future roadmap and development nec and not been unfrozen destroyed will considered owns all the infrastructure created, proposed inactive and cease exist. exchanges should and launched its behalf. aware this order un-freeze customer funds. all future decisions and new utilities proposed for nectar must decided and implemented governance schemes there will schemes its dao. whilst the dao may make decisions available regarding nectar cannot bind third parties. during so, for example, were the dao propose use governance. each scheme will have different deversifi's revenues buy back nec this parameters, depending what the aims the could not done would not decision corresponding proposal. for example, proposal within the dao's competence. however the dao transfer funds outside the dao requires higher may propose offer diversifi another level agreement and requires longer challenge third party buy, for example, additional period before passing compared proposal future revenues for the dao. the third party which simply signals agreement. would liberty reject this offer with any commercial transaction. nectar deversifi new company will continue operate, build, develop, and improve deversifi (previously ethfinex trustless) and may add new features it. nectar conclusion new company will continue operate, build, develop, and improve deversifi (previously ethfinex trustless). will have obligations this paper has detailed the evolution the nectar nectar holders the necdao beyond providing (nec) token since its inception february the stated fee discounts and using specified part the impetus for change and the move the new revenues buy and burn nectar outlined nec model. above. however, may choose make new features that might benefit the necdao. deversifi will adding new utility nec, for over the next months operations, the new instance the form large fee discounts and company will focus achieving the following pledging escalating share exchange trading goals and milestones: revenues buy burn circulating nec tokens. nec will move deflationary model, instead reaching million usd trading volume per the previous inflationary model, and deversifi will day. also burn its own nec tokens ($m usd scaling achieve average throughput current prices) order reduce the total supply. transaction per second using zero knowledge the eth which was pledged nec holders proofs for batch settlement. from ethfinex exchange fees will deployed into new necdao, controlled exclusively the adding margin and funding capabilities via integrations with other defi systems, such strong nec token holder community, one the trading leveraged tokens. world's largest daos. growing its cross-chain offering allow the the above detailed changes have been carefully trading tokens and currencies which are not put together consultation with nec holders and native the ethereum blockchain. represent comprehensive overhaul the nec token economics. these changes mark the start exciting new chapter for nec, nec token holders and deversifi.