neoworld blockchain virtual world white paper the first blockchain virtual world the world version this white paper available only www.neoworld.io and may not published, reproduced passed any other person without the prior written consent the neoworld team. content content .............................................................................. executive summary .................................................................. gameplay ........................................................................... basic gameplay ................................................................... user generated contents .......................................................... economic system .................................................................... nash, the virtual world currency ................................................. key in-game utility token features .............................................. technical information ............................................................. structure ....................................................................... components ...................................................................... the neoworld cash ................................................................. information about the nash ...................................................... distribution .................................................................... foundation structure ............................................................ roadmap ......................................................................... important notices ................................................................... executive summary neoworld multiplayer online virtual world that runs the blockchain. unity-powered virtual environment, players purchase lands, construct buildings, invest and operate businesses, like the real world. neoworld also social platform where players could not only chat, but also develop complex relationships, manage the community and accumulate wealth from within. key words:game, virtual world, game economy, user-generated content, blockchain token economy. what neoworld? virtual world neoworld virtual world based blockchain ideologies, with its own digital currency and digital assets recorded on-chain. players use the virtual currency, nash, bid the lands where they can build and develop. developed areas would provide employment opportunities for other players earn nash. its system, both employer-players and employee-players will rewarded with nash they contribute either labour (attention) capital. collaboration neoworld creates game model that emphasizes collaboration. the process accomplishing tasks neoworld, players simultaneously play variety inter-related roles, from employers employees, from content creators distributors, and consumers. relationship develops and strengthens, neoworld will form social network and collaborative community akin the real world. sparking creativity players are able create avatar, contents and designs using elementary materials neoworld. they can also create their own games interactive applications using scripts and mini-programs, and deploy those their properties generate income from other participating players. project concept and poa mechanism project concept virtual world simulation games like second life are always compromised the conflict interests between game operators and player communities, and lack real incentives. neoworld offers token-based economic model address these issues, where contents are purely user-generated and users are fairly and transparently rewarded. poa (proof attention) believe everything about attention valuable. when players turn their attention from the real world this virtual world, create content, upgrade facilities simply view ads, they deserve rewarded. the overall intrinsic value neoworld will steadily increase, the virtual world continuously accumulates vast amounts "attention". measure and distribute the value the community, neoworld has designed the poa mechanism and the nash token, rewarding content generators, distributors and consumers using dynamic formula. roadmap the neoworld project comprises three phases, based the development blockchain technology and infrastructure: bronze age. neoworld will introduce nash token and complete its core game functions, e.g. simulation and multiplayer online interaction. players are able join the community via pc-based client portal and use nash neoworld. silver age. neoworld will migrate partial functions, e.g. community voting, the best-fit public chain then, e.g. loom, zilliqa eos. third-party content upload and review (by the community) functions will incorporated into the game and the economy. golden age. neoworld will release apis community, and players will able create interactive contents and mini-applications. community election mechanism will ready, and the neoworld foundation will phase out and replaced the community elected governance team. gameplay basic gameplay neoworld habitable planet discovered mankind the course exploring the universe. this vast planet, the habitants build and develop civilizations generations after generations. neoworld habitants collect resources, build factories, found businesses and collaboratively create the new world history. the neoworld virtual world made continents, which are turn made land parcels. the beginning, there are seven continents the neoworld, opened one one over time. continents are the basic unites organisation the neoworld, where users develop virtual cities and form virtual economies. users can vote for the leaders continent, form governance committee and adjust the fiscal and tax policies the continent through electorial process. each continuent comprises pieces (x) land parcels the same size. the owner land parcels can develop the land parcel and change the landscape the way wants, build constructions, scenes even interactive contents. every piece land parcel adjacent another, making accessable from anywhere. land parcels are key the neoworld. players use nash, the only virtual currency the neoworld, purchase bid for land parcel. player can build more building and facilities the land parcel they own increase the value the land, and garner more traffic and attention from the community. buildings generate income for their owners, the level income affected number factors such no. users worked the building, prosperity level and business index level, pollution level, etc.; and buildings depreciates over time and its value and income will decline accordingly. players use their avatars explore the virtual world, traveling from one piece land another, chat with other avatars and interact. the developer the game, the neoworld team, provides elementary resources for players design and build their land parcels well their avatars. later stage the game, user generated contents will allowed the game. the players are free explore the virtual world, order collect resources, construct buildings and take part projects that require collaborative work. the neoworld will only flourish when its habitants work collaboratively. for details the features, guides and strategies the game, please refer the official websites, https://www.neoworld.io user generated contents neoworld will encourage user design contents based the elementary resources provided the game, e.g. building theatre for stand-up comedy, hiring avatars perform and charging audience nash ticket. players with artist talent can design buildings, furniture costumes for others and sell their designed items the game. players can submit their designs the neoworld team publish the game. the later stage the game, such process will on-chain and the decision whether include new item the game will made the committee formed the players the game. the game will seek support variety creative contents and compatible most mainstream forms content formats. economic system the neoworld has only one type currency, neoworld cash ("nash"). nash used for all transactions and settlements. the total supply nash fixed. the neoworld team any game operator the future not able alter the total supply nash; neither can the neoworld team any game operator alter the number other resources, e.g. land, for its own profits. the neoworld team will levy fee every transaction made between players. the fee will used cover game-related operational costs. the neoworld team may split such fees with partnering entities individual the neoworld, depending the contribution the partnering entities. nash, the virtual world currency nash the medium for transaction the neoworld. nash does not represent any equity, interests rights the neoworld the company operating it, nor does represent any voting right claim ownership the neoworld. nash can only used the neoworld. its usage includes: purchase in-game virtual items services, e.g. land and buildings, transport purchase in-game items, e.g. materials, vehicles, and from other users, e.g. constumes designed other users tip other users for helping with tasks done the game, e.g. building advanced facilities where more than one user's contribution required nash can obtained the game only, via the following ways: gift packs sold the operator bulk purchases the early stage the game rewards distributed the game, such completing tasks the neoworld, construct buildings, providing contents rewards received from other users for completing in-game tasks, such work the buildings constructed other players rewards for promoting the game others rewards the development team all prices and transactions are determined market and the neoworld team any developer the future, design the game mechanism, not able influence control the market. key in-game utility token features rare ore neoworld made continents, which are the basic units organsation the neoworld. users can vote for the leaders continent, form governance committee and adjust the fiscal and tax policies the continent through electorial process. different continents will have varying economic policies benefits users, they compete with each other for users. e.g. one continent might set the trade commission lowers than others order appeal users trade materials their continent, thus leading more buildings been built. each continent has unique material for the continent, rare ore ("ro"), represent its holders' rights and interest the corresponding continent. rare ore for the first continent roa, the token for the second rob, and on. the ros for each continent consumable material construct and repair high-level buildings the neoworld, e.g. the wonders each continent. addition, represents the voting rights for the election the continent lord election the corresponding continent and voting rights proposals elected continent lord. the proposals can effective only after voted through. proposal may include adjustments economic policies and changes parameters, such tax rates, continent budgets, transport costs. ros also entitle its holders participate the loot box game which might grant users nash in-game item, continent lord proposes distribution surplus continent income and the proposal voted pass. bulk the ros for each continent are generated through in-game activities, such mining treasure hunting, buildings refineries. ros can also traded between users the game, the exchange platform feature the game. neoworld ecosystem token special type resources, neoworld ecosystem token, ("nest") created represent user's more general level interests and rights collectively all the exisitng continents, i.e. the neoworld. nests entitle its holders priviledges the neoworld: priority participate the alpha and beta versions the pre-sale other games incubated neoworld; take part the user generated content program and use nest deposits for licensing the content development tools and package participation other neoworld and third-party benefits including access restricted areas purchase limited edition items the neoworld similar ros continents, nests can subscribed its launch, and subsequently bought traded between users the game, the neoworld exchange platform built the game, via the bancor trading mechanism. nash proceeds from the launch pre-sale the nest will deposited the in-game bancor reserve for the nest. further, the neoworld team undertakes create liquidity for nest the game, using half the neoworld's revenue generated the game deposit the bancor reserve for the nest. for more information about the bancor mechanism, please refer the below resources: http://meissereconomics.com/assets/abfe-lesson-bancor.pdf technical information structure the fundamental design the game create tokenised free economy virtual world. given the fact that the date this white paper, there prevailing cost-efficient blockchains that may support the computation, data interchange, storage and transfer required game, the neoworld team decides only implement reasonable part the game the blockchain. this compromise made the team balance gaming experience, which the critical element any game, blockchain not, and game transparency. the neoworld team foresees that the near future, new blockchain technologies will developed support more comprehensive implementation any game on-chain, and the team will take its best endeavour utilise such technologies the neoworld. content editor client client get visual data not yet downloaded get character and environment data upload user created content get instance data gameserver instance server load instance data (immutable data tech applicable) application server load character data (immutable data tech applicable) load important config (tax rate, land limit etc) data cdn (immutable content provider applicable) database smart contract components better support the players who are keen create contents for neoworld, the neoworld program comprises three inter-related parts: the neoworld client the neoworld client the game itself, which the players explore the neoworld virtual world and interact with others, described earlier chapters this white paper. the client online and support multiplayers. despite the first version the client pc-only, the neoworld team has delineated plans develop mobile and other mainstream versions the game, suit the needs different players. )neoworld development suite(nds) the neoworld program will include development suite ("nds"), for players design contents suitable used the game. the nds will include studio for design interface, ezgameguru program for new users, neoworld api, well free design resources that are already available the game for players kick start their creation. the nds will linked the cal compatible third-party contents. )copyrighted asset library (cal) encourage players provide indigenous ideas and contents, neoworld program will support independent copyrighted asset library ("cal"), content uploading and browsing platform for players manage and exchange contents. currently, cal will based ipfs, subject the launch and development the ipfs network, support on-chain storage large files and provide unique address and timestamp for each piece content. illustrated the chart above, cal utilises the ipfs network (subject the successful launch ipfs, any prevailing blockchain storage network then) achieve on-chain storage and protection large data: player uploads content the ipfs node and generates hash address for the content; the player purchases erc token cal store the hash address the metadata the token. the erc token unique, only the player who has created will own the erc token, thus creating timestamp, establishing that the point time the token created, the player owns the hash address, which turns points unique piece content the ipfs network; players browse contents the graphic interface provide cal, e.g. client portal website. contents displayed are encrypted for browsing only and not downloading; players wishing purchase piece content have complete the transaction cal its underlying smart contracts chain. the cal will ensure contents created the players are registered, traceable and protected. the nds and neoworld suite will follow the cal mechanism ensure that third-party contents are time-stamped, providing timeline evidence the event intellectual property disputes. the neoworld cash information about the nash neoworld cash ("nash") the only currency the neoworld. nash ethereum token based erc standards and compatible with erc standards. the total supply nash billion. contract address ethereum:xbcfcfdb for more information about nash, please refer the website: www.neoworld.io distribution ratio category poa mining content creation incentive pool risk control fund marketing neoworld foundation founding team poa mining portion the nash will dedicated the players who are active the game and taking efforts build the neoworld. players will able build facilities their lands work facilities earn nash. every year, the remaining mining pool will released the players, based their activities the game. content creation incentive pool nash will rewarded players who create and design contents the neoworld. every year, the remaining content creation incentive pool will released the players, based the quantity and quality the contents. risk control fund portion the nash will used stablise the prices nash and other tradable items the game elsewhere, order hedge risks arising from volatile markets. marketing promote the neoworld game, especially its early stage, the neoworld team will allocate the token for marketing activities, including but not limited customer acquisition, collaboration with opinion leaders, roadshows and meet-ups, media releases, etc. neoworld foundation the neoworld foundation will hold trust the token and its main purpose for the development the neoworld game. the neoworld will organise resources ensure each the milestones the game delivered according the roadmap. the neoworld foundation will also develop ecosystem partners who are interested participating the development and promotion the neoworld. founding team the founding team will hold the token incentives. the tokens held the management will released equally phases from the point the game goes online and every six months therefrom. foundation structure the neoworld found will responsible for the entire project, including game development, promotion the neoworld, establishing the ecosystem, etc. the sub-committees the foundation are follows: content management committee: design gameplay and ensure the balance game stats provide ample supply resources empower players build complex communities; assist the in-game governance players 'communities; other game content related issues. technical committee: develop gaming scripts and smart contracts; review blockchain technologies and revise the design the neoworld accordingly; other technical aspects the neoworld game and its components. economic committee: promote the use and circulation nash; manage the risk control fund; monitor the neoworld economies and release in-game economic data; invest neoworld-related ecosystems; other economy related issues. all committee members will appointed july with one year tenure. roadmap the neoworld project comprises three phases, based the development blockchain technology and infrastructure: bronze age. neoworld will introduce nash token and complete its core game functions, e.g. simulation and multiplayer online interaction. players are able join the community via pc-based client portal and use nash neoworld. silver age. neoworld will migrate partial functions, e.g. community voting, the best-fit public chain then, e.g. loom, zilliqa eos. third-party content upload and review (by the community) functions will incorporated into the game and the economy. golden age. neoworld will release apis community, and players will able create interactive contents and mini-applications. community election mechanism will ready, and the neoworld foundation will phase out and replaced the community elected governance team. important notices this white paper available only www.neoworld.io and may not published, reproduced passed any other person without the prior written consent the neoworld team. the nash tokens and other in-game utility tokens are not securities, debentures nor units collective investment scheme business trust. noted elsewhere this white paper, the nash tokens are not being structured sold securities any other form investment product. accordingly, none the information presented intended form the basis for any investment decision, and specific recommendations are intended. this white paper technical document that outlines the functions, gameplays and development plans the neoworld game. this white paper not intended sale offering document for any sale subscription the nash tokens any digital contents the game, whether created the neoworld team any third party content providers. regulatory authority has reviewed approved any information this white paper. the publication, distribution dissemination this white paper does not imply that applicable laws, regulations rules any jurisdiction have been complied with. information this white paper should considered business, financial, tax, legal general advice relation becoming holder nash token and other in-game utility tokens. any figures, plans projections are intended illustrative only and must not regarded warranties representations actual future results. any purchase nashs and other in-game utility tokens must not viewed investment achieve returns but means facilitate the gameplay set out the neoworld game. this white paper not intended for distribution any jurisdiction where the application the sale tokens set out this white paper regulated prohibited. representation and warranties the neoworld, the neoworld team and/or any its related entities, its officers, shareholders directors, not make purport make any representation warranty undertaking this white paper connection the neoworld and/or the nash token, the other in-game utility tokens any person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relating the truth, completeness and accuracy the information this white paper. user the neoworld game and its related programs and/or holder nash and/or other in-game utility tokens, you represent and warrant that: you agree that the nash tokens and other in-game utility tokens are neither securities nor units collective investment scheme business trust. before registering for the neoworld game and/or purchasing any nash and/or other in-game utility tokens, you agree furnish personal information and documents which may requested the neoworld team party engaged the neoworld team from time time for the purposes conducting customer due diligence, and that any information furnished yourself true and accurate, and that you have not withheld any material information. you, your associates, your businesses enterprises (in which you are beneficial owner) family members are not any sanctions terrorist list issued singapore any other jurisdiction. you, your associates, your businesses enterprises (in which you are beneficial owner) family members, have not committed any previous criminal offences, and that you have not used any proceeds crimes tax offences (whether belonging you otherwise, and whether directly otherwise) the neoworld game for the purchase nash and/or other in-game utility tokens. you understand the neoworld team and/or any its related entities are not providing you with any investment financial advice, that you are acting your own volition and have sought your independent financial, legal other professional advice where appropriate. you are not citizen, resident (tax otherwise) any jurisdiction which the sale purchase nash tokens and/or other in-game utility tokens prohibited and you will not hold the neoworld team and/or any its related entities, its officers, shareholders directors, for liabilities for damages losses arising therefrom.