neox new era neo march what neox? neox asset running the stellar network. neox delivers lightning fast transactions near fees. why stellar? the stellar network worldwide collection stellar cores, each maintained different people and organizations. the distributed nature the network makes reliable and safe. ultra-fast transaction speeds with average transaction time seconds faster than neo seconds), which means you won't seeing any outages delays ultra-low transaction costs which are only fraction cent, that means you will never have worry about high fees, even the blockchain congested. all these stellar cores--the network nodes--eventually agree sets transactions. each transaction the network costs small fee: stroops xlm). this fee helps prevent bad actors from spamming the network. neox -whitepaper page there are miners, transactions are verified using decentralized servers while neo not again you not need worry about delays high transaction costs since miners won't competing with each other once the blockchain has too many transactions. ico's are cheaper, faster and more cost effective run since the stellar network has very low fees and fast transactions will more efficient for businesses run ico's their network which will increase the demand and value stellar lumens (xlm). neox solution secure payments stellar uses industry-standard public-key cryptography tools and techniques, which means the code well tested and well understood. all transactions the network are public, which means the movement funds can always audited. each transaction signed whomever sent using the algorithm. fast transactions while block time neo seconds, neox powered stellar lumens seconds,making easy use everyday life. small transaction fee neox small transaction fee xlm) means will pay for transactions worldwide transactions moving money across borders quickly, reliably, and for fractions penny never has been too easy. with neox now can connect banks, making payments and trusting people all over the world without worrying about double spending issues. stellar implementations federation server the stellar federation protocol allows you convert human-readable address like amy*your_org.com account id. also includes information about what should transaction's memo. when sending payment, you contact federation server first determine what stellar account pay. luckily, the bridge server does this for you. neox -whitepaper page the stellar federation protocol maps stellar addresses more information about given user. it's way for stellar client software resolve email-like addresses such name*yourdomain.com into account ids like: gccvpyfohyzbjkenaxluaplmgiwnzjafvmitktvkeju. stellar addresses provide easy way for users share payment details using syntax that interoperates across different domains and providers. stellar addresses neox -whitepaper page stellar addresses are divided into two parts separated the username and the domain. for example: jed*stellar.org: jed the username, stellar.org the domain. the domain can any valid rfc domain name. the username limited printable utf with whitespace and the following characters excluded: although course the domain administrator can place additional restrictions usernames its domain. note that the symbol allowed the username. this allows for using email addresses the username address. for example: maria@gmail.com*stellar.org. distributed exchange addition supporting the issuing and movement assets, the stellar network also acts decentralized distributed exchange any type asset that people have added the network. its ledger stores both balances held user accounts and offers that user accounts make buy sell assets. offers account can make offers buy sell assets using the manage offer operation. order make offer, the account must hold the asset wants sell. similarly, the account must trust the issuer the asset it's trying buy. when account makes offer, the offer checked against the existing orderbook for that asset pair. the offer crosses existing offer, filled the price the existing offer. let's say that you make offer buy xlm for btc. offer already exists sell xlm for btc, your offer will take that offer-you'll btc poorer but xlm richer. the offer doesn't cross existing offer, the offer saved the orderbook until either taken another offer, taken payment, canceled the account that created the offer, invalidated because the account making the offer longer has the asset for sale. starting protocol version longer possible for offer invalidated because the account owning the offer longer has the asset for sale. each offer contributes selling liabilities for the selling asset and buying liabilities for the buying asset, which are aggregated the account (for lumens) trustline (for other assets) owned the account creating the offer. any operation that would cause account unable satisfy its liabilities, such sending neox -whitepaper page away too much balance, will fail. this guarantees that any offer the orderbook can executed entirely. offers stellar behave like limit orders traditional markets. for offers placed the same price, the older offer filled before the newer one. orderbook orderbook record outstanding orders the stellar network. this record sits between any two assets-in this case, let's say the assets are sheep and wheat. the orderbook records every account wanting buy sheep for wheat one side and every account wanting sell sheep for wheat the other side. some assets will have very thin nonexistent orderbook between them. that's fine: discussed greater detail below, paths orders can facilitate exchange between two thinly traded assets. passive offers passive offers allow markets have zero spread. you want offer usd from anchor for usd from anchor price, you can create two passive offers the two offers don't fill each other. passive offer offer that does not take counteroffer equal price. will only fill the prices are not equal. for example, the best offer buy btc for xlm has price xlm/btc, and you make passive offer sell btc xlm/btc, your passive offer does not take that existing offer. you instead make passive offer sell btc xlm/btc would cross the existing offer and fill xlm/btc. cross-asset payments suppose you are holding sheep and want buy something from store that only accepts wheat. you can create payment stellar that will automatically convert your sheep into wheat. goes through the sheep/wheat orderbook and converts your sheep the best available rate. you can also make more complicated paths asset conversion. imagine that the sheep/wheat orderbook has very large spread nonexistent. this case, you might get better rate you first trade your sheep for brick and then sell that brick for wheat. potential path would hops: sheep->brick->wheat. this path would take you through the sheep/brick orderbook and then the brick/wheat orderbook. neox -whitepaper page these paths asset conversion can contain hops, but the whole payment atomic-it will either succeed fail. the payment sender will never left holding unwanted asset. this process finding the best path payment called pathfinding. pathfinding involves looking the current orderbooks and finding which series conversions gives you the best rate. handled outside stellar core something like horizon. token details neox was launched march ledger: token name neox code neox issuer gdyzqflounubxmqjbzjhwosqlvwhrtkxigjggkfghczcte type platform stellar decimals total supply neox website https://neox.network/ neox explorer https://stellar.expert/explorer/public/asset/neoxgdyzqflounubxmqjbzjhwosqlvwhrtkxigjggkfghczcte neox -whitepaper page token sale token sale will available through stellar decentralized exchange. stellarport https://stellarport.io/exchange/alphanum/neox/gdyzqflounubxmqjbzjhwosqlv whrtkxigjggkfghczcte/native/xlm/stellar stellarterm https://stellarterm.com/#exchange/neoxgdyzqflounubxmqjbzjhwosqlvwhrtkxigjggkfghczcte/xlm-native lobstr https://lobstr.co/trade/neox:gdyzqflounubxmqjbzjhwosqlvwhrtkxigjggk fghczcte interstellar https://interstellar.exchange/#/trade/guest/neox/gdyzqflounubxmqjbzjhwosqlv whrtkxigjggkfghczcte/xlm/native neox -whitepaper page resources website https://neox.network/ twitter https://twitter.com/neox_network facebook https://www.facebook.com/neox.network telegram https://t.me/neoxnews medium https://medium.com/@neoxnews neox -whitepaper page