whitepaper table contents background problem how blockchain work ........................................................................... ........................................................................... ........................................................................... introducing netrum ........................................................................... netrum technology proof work (pow) how pow works advantages pow proof stake how pos works masternode who can run masternode collateral masternode server masternode reward ........................................................................... ........................................................................... ........................................................................... ........................................................................... ........................................................................... ........................................................................... ........................................................................... ........................................................................... ........................................................................... ........................................................................... ........................................................................... netrum features ........................................................................... coin metric netrum coin spec coin distribution pow reward breakdown pos phase reward masternode reward premine statistic coin supply ........................................................................... ........................................................................... ........................................................................... ........................................................................... ........................................................................... ........................................................................... ........................................................................... ........................................................................... netrum wallet netweb netmobile netcard ........................................................................... ........................................................................... ........................................................................... ........................................................................... use netrum education crypto debit card regular payment netpay finance institutions ........................................................................... ........................................................................... ........................................................................... ........................................................................... ........................................................................... ........................................................................... conclusion ........................................................................... roadmap ........................................................................... our team ........................................................................... disclaimer ........................................................................... netrum (c) background the increasing popularity decentralized technology comes with definite reasons. users technology are much more informed than they once were. meanwhile, people are innovating find out the most convenient and safest method digital transactions. centralized technology, which has been around for many years, associated with several problems. they include the following: trust the centralized technology mainly controlled third-party authority, which serves bridge between the first and the second party. financial industry, the third party bank. when you want send money for instance, you actually send the bank. then, the bank sends the money the recipient. other words, third party actually keeps the records your transactions. this raises some concerns among the users financial system. about trust. some questions arise whether the transaction records are kept private not, whether the clients' identity are kept secured not, whether the technology used the bank powerful enough fight against hackers not, and many more. the problems trust are even prevalent the last several years, when more and more customers financial institutions become the victims personal information abuse. this proves that not every financial institution applies secured protection over the clients' identity. when identity thefts get into the system, the clients always become the disadvantaged party. netrum (c) scalability and reliability the volume financial transaction keeps increasing, the issues scalability and reliability become more prevalent. customers conventional financial system begin question scalability the current system. when the system fails scale accordingly, the transactions will faced with several problems like delays, downtime, loss, and many more. these may result substantial financial loss the part customers. furthermore, failure scalability automatically affects reliability. unreliable systems will not able manage the transactions properly. costs involvement the third-party service leads increasing costs. the first and the second parties are required pay some fees the third party. the fees come different reasons like account management, transaction fees, service fees, and many more. meanwhile, decentralized financial system eliminates the third-party fees since the transactions happen directly between the first and the second party. fortunately, the coming blockchain technology has successfully changed people's mindset the financial technology. more people are now shifting from the centralized decentralized technology. bitcoin the first digital currency (cryptocurrency) backed blockchain technology. bitcoin grows successfully, more cryptocurrencies are now entering the competition platform. blockchain technology revolutionizes the system whole, not only how the transactions are done, but also how businesses are done different levels. the cryptocurrency market now flooded with many coins and tokens issued different business entities with different motifs. number digital coins, tokens, netrum (c) and projects are based upon blockchain. however, some others simply adopt the essence blockchain and use unique and interesting names. unfortunately, the blockchain technology still has many things affect people's daily life significant way. spite many digital coins circulation, they provide little, any, impacts upon the daily life. for instance, few, any, cryptocurrencies provide mobile apps, which allow the users make transactions while away from home. result, the blockchain technology still focuses the development cryptocurrency projects, while virtually overlooking their uses real life. result, the meaning reduced simply market values the crypto money. actually, blockchain was developed revolutionary bridge the development applied technology. the good news that number cryptocurrency projects appear help addressing the problem. one them netrum, which backed netrum eco system. netrum offers hassle-free physical realization facilitate digital asset exchanges. the netrum coin system expected revolutionize the blockchain financial system. the end, the wall between the physical and digital worlds will ruin. problems number benefits offered blockchain technology bring about the development altcoin throughout the world. now, there are more than types coins/projects registered coinmarketcap.com. more digital coins are circulating. result, more problems are identified. blockchain technology was recently faced with some major problems, particularly relation production costs and electric bills. mining process considered not environmental friendly, since requires substantial electric power. globally, the electric power required netrum (c) for bitcoin mining equals electric consumption countries around the world! another problem that bitcoin, ethereum, and many other pow (proof work)based altcoins are very slow processing the transactions. they were even slower than the conventional digital payment systems like visa card and paypal. bitcoin networks can only process, average, transactions per second. meanwhile, visa card can process transactions per second. given those problems, bitcoin technology now has problem with reliability and scalability. the technology able scale based the volume digital transactions? or, the platform not dependable enough accommodate all the transactions? when the system unable run smooth under heavier workload, there must problem with its dependability and scalability. how blockchain works blockchain works based upon trustless and distributed consensus system. what they mean? the system means that you not need depend and/or trust athird party send and/or receive money from someone else. you can send the money directly receive right from the sender. this what makes cryptocurrency transactions. transactions different from conventional conventional financial system, you actually send the money third party (for instance, banks, visa, paypal, mastercard, and many more). then, the third party sends the money the recipient. what does this mean? you need trust third party. with cryptocurrency system, anyone the ledger (network) has the copy transactions. anyone has similar functions and roles. there need for third party. anyone can see the transactions, but only the real recipient can verify the information directly. netrum (c) introducing netrum cryptocurrency has reached maturity level, which now serves digital asset. enables the owners send transactions instantly, privately, and securely throughout the networks. the network independent. regulates the development and growth its own way. yes, cryptocurrency has decentralized system. addition the technical challenges, the cryptocurrency has face tightening challenges from credit cards, banks, and fiat currencies. result, cryptocurrency needs added values enable work safely and perform better. actually, the success cryptocurrency depends upon several factors, like peer-to-peer (pp), price stability, safety, distribution networks (consensus distribution), decentralized system, and ease operation. netrum offers the solution for all the limitations currently associated with most digital currencies. developed new cryptocurrency that will facilitate the users meet their needs. netrum built upon dependable platform. will integrated into the existing financial systems, course with many added values. they include improved security, greener technology, mobile technology, and even localization. netrum coin provides some advantages for the users with more options. they include bitcoin open source and fast transaction process. besides them, the following are among the advantages offered netrum combination pos (proof stake) and pow (proof work) masternode varied wallet options mobile apps integration with local economic systems the country, where operates netrum (c) integration with the existing financial systems added value for people will facilitate the users varied sectors like education, and many more netrum also keeps improving the platforms the objectives, visions, and strategies. the end, the cryptocurrency will have improved usage the real-life. not left the desktop. instead, the platform will anywhere with the owners, since netrum will come mobile apps. will accessible from different gadgets based upon different operating systems like android, ios, and many others. netrum (c) netrum technology blockchain-based netrum offers better scalability, higher transaction speed and security compared bitcoin ethereum. the creation ecosystem for new cryptocurrency paramount. thus the utility netrum can function real-life condition, and hopefully netrum will solutions many today's financial obstacles. using the blockchain platform and smart contract feature, will produce many new token-based projects running netrum blockchain. this particular application termed decentralized applications dapps. proof work (pow) pow computer algorithm used solve block puzzles reach verification agreements. pow requires miner/ miners verify new blocks. this process takes long time and has lot energy and requires the best computational speed win new block rewards. the other hand, miners need the best and fastest computation capability win the new blocks. pow works deter cyber-attacks like distributed denial-ofservice (ddos) during the mining process. ddos exhausts considerable resources. when ddos deterred, the mining process will faster and spending fewer resources. other words, pow necessary for expensive computer calculation, called mining, which aims creating new blocks blockchain (distributed ledger) and verifying the legitimacy transactions. pow actually the conventional system mining. works the following ways the first miners who solve the blocks problems get the reward. netrum (c) miners need compete each other and use the best method the first solve the mathematical problems. sometimes, miners not actually own the coins minted from the mining process. proof work (pow) system used netrum for the first blocks. the next blocks will continued using proof stake (pos) system. course, there are some reasons behind this strategy. netrum uses pow system the first blocks, since they are mostly distributed for miners who can win the mining. however, interesting fact that ethereum miners are now shifting from proof work (pow) proof stake (pos). how pow works pow designed make the digital transactions secured without the need for third party. essentially, requires the blockchain community solve the puzzles. important verifying the transactions. this actually the world mining crypto world. pow piece data, which very costly and hard produce. however, once generated, verification process easy. the following how pow works create the data, miner has solve the puzzles computing very complex equation. each equation actually builds the previous solutions. therefore, every solution verifies the previous process. solving the equation requires new piece data, which was then added the existing chain data. basically, the process starts over and over netrum (c) the following example pow netrum network: #include "pow.h" #include "chain.h" #include "chainparams.h" #include "main.h" #include "primitives/block.h" #include "uint.h" #include "util.h" #include unsigned int getnextworkrequired(const cblockindex* pindexlast, const cblockheader* pblock) current difficulty formula, phore darkgravity written mr.brand brand@netrum.io const cblockindex* blocklastsolved pindexlast; const cblockindex* blockreading pindexlast; int_t nactualtimespan int_t lastblocktime int_t pastblocksmin int_t pastblocksmax int_t countblocks uint pastdifficultyaverage; uint pastdifficultyaverageprev; (blocklastsolved null blocklastsolved->nheight blocklastsolved->nheight nheight params().last_pow_block()) uint bntargetlimit (~uint() int_t ntargetspacing int_t ntargettimespan int_t nactualspacing (pindexlast->nheight nactualspacing pindexlast->getblocktime() pindexlast->pprev->getblocktime(); (nactualspacing nbits); int_t ninterval ntargettimespan ntargetspacing; bnnew ((ninterval ntargetspacing nactualspacing nactualspacing); bnnew ((ninterval ntargetspacing); (bnnew bntargetlimit) bnnew bntargetlimit; return bnnew.getcompact(); for (unsigned int blockreading blockreading->nheight i++) (pastblocksmax pastblocksmax) break; countblocks++; (countblocks nbits); else pastdifficultyaverage ((pastdifficultyaverageprev countblocks) (uint().setcompact(blockreading->nbits))) (countblocks pastdifficultyaverageprev pastdifficultyaverage; (lastblocktime int_t diff (lastblocktime blockreading>getblocktime()); nactualtimespan diff; lastblocktime blockreading->getblocktime(); (blockreading->pprev null) assert(blockreading); break; netrum (c) blockreading blockreading->pprev; uint bnnew(pastdifficultyaverage); int_t _ntargettimespan countblocks params().targetspacing(); (nactualtimespan nactualtimespan (nactualtimespan nactualtimespan _ntargettimespan _ntargettimespan _ntargettimespan _ntargettimespan retarget bnnew nactualtimespan; bnnew _ntargettimespan; (bnnew params().proofofworklimit()) bnnew params().proofofworklimit(); return bnnew.getcompact(); bool checkproofofwork(uint hash, unsigned int nbits) bool fnegative; bool foverflow; uint bntarget; (params().skipproofofworkcheck()) return true; bntarget.setcompact(nbits, &fnegative, &foverflow); check range (fnegative bntarget foverflow bntarget params().proofofworklimit()) return error("checkproofofwork() nbits below minimum work"); check proof work matches claimed amount (hash bntarget) return error("checkproofofwork() hash doesn't match nbits"); netrum (c) uint getblockproof(const cblockindex& block) uint bntarget; bool fnegative; bool foverflow; bntarget.setcompact(block.nbits, &fnegative, &foverflow); (fnegative foverflow bntarget return need compute (bntarget+), but can't represent it's too large for uint. however, least large bntarget+, equal ((** bntarget (bntarget+)) ~bntarget (ntarget+) return (~bntarget (bntarget advantages and disadvantages pow proof work (pow) has some advantages, particularly when comes reduction attack risks. said reduce almost the potential attacks. other benefits include the verification process becomes easier for the community. therefore, easier check all the transactions. third party transactor necessary, pow built upon transparent and trustless network. pow determines the limits the number blocks that can generated. however, pow also has some disadvantages. labor-intensive process, thus requiring much energy. the work not more than solving randomized puzzles. some even say that mining process wastes computer potential and energy. therefore, ethereum developers are now shifting another way validating transactions, namely proof stake (pos). netrum (c) proof stake (pos) pos algorithm chooses nodes randomly validator for the next block. which based the combination number factors; staking age, randomization, and the wealth contained inside masternode. pos, miners are called forgers stakers. does not provide the miners with 'rewards' for solving mathematical puzzles. other words, there reward pos. instead, nodes are chosen deterministic way. the main determinant wealth, namely stake. addition, the digital currencies have been created since the beginning. the number never changes. pos system only aims selecting the nodes based their stake. actually, why does ethereum community want switch from pow pos? the following are some reasons: pow needs lot energy. pow works based distributed consensus. imagine that single bitcoin transaction consumes energy much the energy consumed households america for single day. the trend keeps increasing when pow system remains dominant practice. pressure upon the digital currency value. the energy consumed pow paid fiat currencies. this leads constant pressure the value digital currency. pow system kept, digital currencies will lose their appeals. pos greener and cheaper. also works based distributed consensus, but consumes less energy. pos expected solve the issues associated but consumes less energy. pos expected solve the issues associated with energy scarcity the future due crypto mining process. environmentally friendly since the forging process requires less electricity and netrum (c) fewer hardware costs. pos more promising. pow, there guarantee that miners own the digital currency, which they are mining. pos, masternodes are always owners coins created. how pos works pow, miners are selected based their ability solve the mathematical puzzles. but, how are nodes selected pos? the following are some details how pos works: casper. this new concencus protocol for pos. implemented, there will validator pool. candidate nodes can join the pool for forger selection. the process will happen through function calling casper contracts. then, ether (coin that powers the ethereum network) will sent together with casper contract. pos algorithms select the nodes arbitrary way validator for the next block. actually, selection the nodes based upon several factors, mainly, stakes, randomization, and wealth owned the nodes. the case netrum, the nodes are called masternodes. pos, blocks are mined, instead mined. the coins pos usually begin with selling pre mined coins, minted coins. alternatively, the coins may originally created with pow system. then, when the target coins are reached, the system shifts pos. netrum case, the first blocks are created means pow system. users, who want become masternodes, are required lock certain number coins (stake) used the network. the more the stakes are required lock certain number coin (stake used the network. the more stakes netrum (c) are the higher the probability that masternode will selected the next validator. shortly, the process prioritizes the wealthiest nodes the network. there are two methods selecting validator nodes. they are randomized block selection and coin age selection. ... randomized block selection method (pseudo-random) this method, blocks are selected based the combination the lowest hash value and the highest-stake owners. since the stake size open public the network, the next validator easy guess. that why, this selection method also called pseudo-random. not purely random, since the nodes the network can easily see who will become the next validator. ... coin age selection method this method, the nodes are selected based the oldest stake. decided means the following formula number days shows how long the coins have been kept stakes. normally, coin age must least days qualify for competition. the longer the coins are staked, the greater the chances for being selected forge the next block. after node selected, the system will reset the day into zero day). they have wait anothr days qualify for the next selection. between these times, other coins will join the competition. this helps preventing the wealthiest staker dominate the selection over and over. otherwise, the same node will always become the validator. this not fair for the other nodes, right? actually, every cryptocurrency has its own regulations netrum (c) well different needs. however, what does node actually the network? check them out below when node selected validator, he/she will have validate each transaction, sign the block, and release into the blockchain network. validator works for maximum period days. then, he/she has quit. another validator will the job after the same competition. node gets transaction fees validator. when node wants quit validator, he/she can release the staking coin into the network. then, the network can decide time see whether there are fraudulent blocks added into the blockchain network not. the network will then decide time select the next validator. practically, the same process repeats over and over. the following example pos netrum network: cblockindex* addtoblockindex(const cblock& block) check for duplicate uint hash block.gethash(); blockmap::iterator mapblockindex.find(hash); (it mapblockindex.end()) return it->second; construct new block index object cblockindex* pindexnew new cblockindex(block); assert(pindexnew); assign the sequence blocks only when the full data available, avoid miners withholding blocks but broadcasting headers, get competitive advantage. pindexnew->nsequenceid blockmap::iterator mapblockindex.insert(make_pair(hash, pindexnew)).first; netrum (c) //mark pos seen (pindexnew->isproofofstake()) setstakeseen.insert(make_pair(pindexnew>prevoutstake,pindexnew->nstaketime)); pindexnew->phashblock &((*mi).first); blockmap::iterator miprev mapblockindex.find(block.hashprevblock); (miprev mapblockindex.end()) pindexnew->pprev (*miprev).second; pindexnew->nheight pindexnew->pprev->nheight pindexnew->buildskip(); //update previous block pointer pindexnew->pprev->pnext pindexnew; ppcoin: compute chain trust score pindexnew->bnchaintrust (pindexnew->pprev pindexnew>pprev->bnchaintrust pindexnew->getblocktrust(); ppcoin: compute stake entropy bit for stake modifier (!pindexnew->setstakeentropybit(pindexnew>getstakeentropybit())) logprintf("addtoblockindex() setstakeentropybit() failed \n"); ppcoin: record proof-of-stake hash value (pindexnew->isproofofstake()) (!mapproofofstake.count(hash)) logprintf("addtoblockindex() hashproofofstake not found map \n"); pindexnew->hashproofofstake mapproofofstake[hash]; ppcoin: compute stake modifier uint_t nstakemodifier bool fgeneratedstakemodifier false; (!computenextstakemodifier(pindexnew->pprev, nstakemodifier, fgeneratedstakemodifier)) logprintf("addtoblockindex() computenextstakemodifier() failed \n"); pindexnew->setstakemodifier(nstakemodifier, fgeneratedstakemodifier); pindexnew->nstakemodifierchecksum getstakemodifierchecksum(pindexnew); (!checkstakemodifiercheckpoints(pindexnew->nheight, pindexnew->nstakemodifierchecksum)) netrum (c) logprintf("addtoblockindex() rejected stake modifier checkpoint height=%d, modifier=%s \n", pindexnew->nheight, std::to_string(nstakemodifier)); pindexnew->nchainwork (pindexnew->pprev pindexnew->pprev>nchainwork getblockproof(*pindexnew); pindexnew->raisevalidity(block_valid_tree); (pindexbestheader null pindexbestheader->nchainwork nchainwork) pindexbestheader pindexnew; //update previous block pointer (pindexnew->nheight) pindexnew->pprev->pnext pindexnew; setdirtyblockindex.insert(pindexnew); return pindexnew; masternode masternode computer node address crypto wallet that stores the blockchain copy from the first block the most recent. get rewards, the masternode computer has store certain quantity coin part and must run hours day, days week non stop. the masternode simply defined server decentralized network. runs unique functions, which ordinary nodes cannot. that why they called "master." the unique functions are mainly doing direct send, instant transactions, and private transactions. actually, how masternode functions varies from network another. every cryptocurrency has its own pros and cons. the payout and reward systems vary widely. for instance, some cryptocurrency provide rewards masternode operator multiple times day. meanwhile, some others only pay them the masternodes out once day. netrum (c) most nodes are competing become masternodes. why? they actually get some benefits, including earning free digital money. they need less expensive investment participate and provide service crypto network. actually, any users (nodes) can run masternodes. however, they need meet certain criteria qualify. the requirements may vary from cryptocurrency another. netrum, for instance, any nodes need keep ntr coins collateral qualify for masternodes. the masternodes must running hours day, days week. actually, the masternodes are not standalone. instead, they are communicating each other throughout the systems. owners masternode participate securing the netrum network means the following process validating all the transactions that have the right 'signatures' for all the outputs produced the transactions must the right data format preventing 'double spending' 'double transaction' all outputs the transactions are validated executing instant send and private transactions ensuring that all nodes the blockchain comply with the regulations (in the network) who can run masternode the name suggests, masternodes are more than ordinary nodes are. they are usually supported heavier equipment and system compared normal nodes. besides validating, saving, and broadcasting transactions the systems, they netrum (c) sometimes other functions the blockchain network, depending upon the requirements. for instance, they may govern voting events, execute protocol operations, and make sure that all nodes the blockchain comply with the existing regulations within the system. therefore, the masternodes must always active. they need more memory than normal nodes do. masternodes are just like large serves compyrer network. due nature the functions, masternodes consume more electricity, more storage space, more time for maintenance, and more memory. that why the masternodes are rewarded the system. netrum blockchain, masternode needs meet the following criteria operator masternode (owner) collateral, coins that serve guarantee that masternodes not anything that can ruin the system, such malicious things like hacking the server used for decentralized infrastructure netrum network collateral anyone can masternode. however, since masternode plays crucial role validating the transactions and securing the network, the system needs make sure that masternode does not malicious things well cheating and corrupting the system. therefore, the operator needs save tol collateral, which locked while masternode still active. netrum, masternode will have provide ntr coins collateral. the coins cannot used for transaction. then, when the system detects something malicious from the masternode (for instance, masternode approves invalid transaction, ddos, on), the netrum (c) masternode (for instance, masternode approves invalid transaction, ddos, on), the collateral will frozen and the masternode expelled from the network. other words, masternode has honest working validator. otherwise, he/she will lose ntr coins for nothing. course, the collateral system has definite advantages, including minimizing the risk cheating and corruption masternode ensuring that the masternodes their best validators making sure that the system runs well and fairly, and many more masternode server mentioned above, server used for decentralized infrastructure can also serve masternode. masternode server needs meet the following general criteria: for smoother operation, recommended that masternode server user specifications above than the standard. masternode reward netrum (c) explained above, masternode works validate all the transactions the network, sign the new block, and add into the network. for all things masternode does, he/she deserves rewards. they include the following transaction fees from all the transactions validated correct and timely way the masternode. incentives from the reserved netrum coins netrum (c) netrum features netrum blockchain offers some advantages comparison with other blockchains, designed solve most the problems associated with the existing blockchains. the following the summary netrum features comparison with other blockchain systems transaction speed when bitcoin can only execute transactions per second, netrum able execute transactions per second. the five blockchains compared above, netrum ranks the second, after eos, when comes transaction speed per second. low energy consumption since netrum applies the combination pow and pos system, operated more cost-effective way. this particularly true for level energy consumption. netrum (c) the blockchains compared, netrum line with eos and cardano terms energy consumption. instant send few blockchains offer "instant send" services. netrum one them. this feature allows the nodes send and receive transactions instantly delays and downtime. masternodes the masternodes perform additional functions, which are not available from normal nodes. they include performing instant send, mentioned above. masternodes available netrum increases security and dependability the blokchain. while the masternodes enjoy incentives from their functions, they have provide collateral make sure that they not cheat corrupt the system. netrum (c) coin metric netrum coin spec netrum (c) coin distribution displayed above, total ntr coins will available from netrum. they are released for different phases, from the premine the masternode phases. the graph below shows that most the coins will allocated for masternodes, followed pos phase, pow phases, and premine. why? masternodes and pos are essentially the distinguishing features netrum pow reward breakdown netrum, proof work (pow) system implemented since block the first blocks. means that netrum still invites miners create new blocks the network. netrum limits the blocks created blocks. then, the system will run based upon proof stake (pos) system. for every block, there are reward coins. therefore, the total reward blocks the netrum pow systems are ntr coins. actually, pow system provides chance for miners with small balance their wallet get free coin. netrum (c) they may not qualify for pos since the balance low, but pow system enables them increase their stakes. this number can seen the following calculation pos phase reward breakdown pos reward actually kind passive incomes for users. users who own coin just need stake certain amount digital coins the network. they cannot spent during the staking process. wallets with staked coins are selected validate the action creating new block. the selected wallets are rewarded with ntr coins. the more coins you stake the wallet, the higher the opportunities for being selected validator. netrum allocates about its total coin supply for pos phase. offers total ,,. ntr coins rewards. the rewards are given graded level, seen the following table. the table implies that netrum rewards the first users who join the staking process with higher reward rate. the sooner you participate, the higher the reward rewards you can enjoy. still, this another way inviting early users join the blockchain. for instance, netrum rewards rate (%) for users who join the first blocks pos phase (after pow phase ends). then, the reward rate decreases (.) for the next blocks, and on. netrum (c) masternode phase reward breakdown netrum appreciates the efforts made the masternodes validate the transactions and secure the systems. therefore, allocates more than half the total coin supply for masternodes, namely the total ntr coins. this shows that netrum prioritizes credibility and security the platforms. any nodes can qualify masternodes, long they meet the requirements. course, qualifying for masternode can challenging thing. this can source headache for majority nodes. you need technical knowledge computer system and language and capability follow complicated guidelines. these are actually apart the general requirements like collateral, server vps (virtual private server), dedicated address, and storage space, which enough save the copies transactions the blockchain. therefore, make sure learn about computer systems increase your chance for becoming the masternode. the following breakdown the reward for masternodes: netrum (c) premine premine condition, which supply new currency has been created before officially released. this phase, developer the new cryptocurrency may allocate certain amount coins for particular purposes before releasing the source code the public. displayed above, total netrum coins are allocated for premine. they will allocated for airdrops and bounty, research and development, team support, and team project.the following detail how the ntr coins will used: netrum (c) airdrops netrum allocates ntr coins for airdrops during the premine phase. yes, netrum new cryptocurrency blockchain. therefore, still need some efforts invite new users and increase its popularity. basically, the chances for getting free ntr coins depend upon how active the users are. distribute free coins for users who meet certain criteria, for instance: first subscribers rewards first users who join the network with free coins. this virtually free requirements. however, will set the limit coins offered for first subscribers joining our group telegram will create forum, where users can communicate each other and shares knowledge and experience about netrum. you can get free coins only joining the forum. promoting netrum social media use your social media account productively earn free coins. promote netrum and increase your chances for getting ntr coins for free. inviting other users join netrum, and many more this works like affiliate marketing system, but different ways. invite your friends and relatives join netrum, and get free coins for any reference. tell your referrent users, and will send the coins your netrum wallet. bounty this actually the next phase after airdrops. however, the mechanism mostly similar. free coins are offered for users after accomplishing certain tasks. this another reward system premine phase. bounty generally aims spreading awareness about netrum blockchain means several tools. netrum (c) invite users join bounty programs creating positive buzzes about netrum the following ways social media campaigns you need promote netrum your social media accounts like facebook, instagram, youtube channels, twitter, and other sites. implement certain system determine your engagement levels social media campaigns. the criteria may include number likes, shares, comments, subscriptions, views, re-tweets. article writing you love writing, get chance get free ntr coins writing article post netrum. this great chance for bloggers online writers. post article netrum your blogs web pages, and your chance get free coins depends upon the level engagement. netrum allocates ntr coins for those who want participate bounty programs. grab them! human resource and development course, development new cryptocurrency blockchain depends much upon the human resource behind the project. addition, need comprehensive research the existing platforms able develop better one. need some resources study the advantages and disadvantages the existing blockchains. there are more and more cryptocurrencies circulation, the competition tighter now. need make sure that the new blockchain has more advantages and unique values, which are not available from any other blockchains. our teams may need specific training about the computer system and crypto world. total ntr coins will allocated for this purpose. netrum (c) team support have some teams that work hand hand develop the netrum project. this certainly requires substantial financial resources. total ntr coins will allocated for team support. team project project development the core premine phase. therefore, netrum allocated half the premine coins for this purpose. the money will used for developing basic platform, features the new blockchain, testing phase, security system, integration, and many more. static coin supply total supply netrum coins ,,. the number will remain the same. there will additions reductions, since netrum has static coin supply. static coin supply means that the supply money limited. the maximal supply cannot increased beyond the defined protocol. this cannot manipulated anyone, even the system. static coin supply offers the nodes with some advantages. since the supply static, while more nodes join the network, the value ntr coins will tend increase with time. basically, value crypto coin depends upon supply and demand principle. when the demand high, while the supply limited, the value will increase. this what makes netrum applies static coin supply the coin supply limited ,,. meanwhile, netrum designed used for different purposes. will serve payment system for shopping, financial institutions, traveling services, and many more. when globally accepted payment tool, while the supply scarce, you can imagine how the value will raise substantially. netrum wallet cryptocurrency, you not own account just you conventional banking system. instead, you have cryptocurrency wallet. simply defined software program store private and public keys enable the users send receive digital currency well monitoring their balance. anytime you use cryptocurrency, ownership digital wallet must. however, not imagine traditional pocket wallets, where you store certain amount money. true that cryptocurrency wallet stores your money, but not physical meaning. fact, single location stores your currency. the digital wallet only records the transactions stored the blockchain. for instance, when you receive money from someone, stored into your wallet, but the forms digital records. the other hand, when you send certain amount money someone the balance your digital wallet decreases. netrum offers three types wallets, which are always existent the blockchain cryptocurrency. they are web wallet and/or paper wallet, called netweb hot wallet, which used for daily transactions, namely, mobile apps called netmobile cold storage hardware wallet, called netcard netweb web wallet netrum key component netrum software. just like any other desktop wallets, you need download and install the wallet into your laptop. netrum (c) the wallet can accessed only from the same computer laptop. desktop wallet actually safer form digital wallet, you use the computer laptop personally home. netrum, the desktop wallet called netweb. functions like metamask ethereum network. however, netweb comes with more user-friendly features. easy manage, even beginners. netweb also present the form paper wallet. piece software used generate pair keys. then, the keys are printed. however, there still some risks associated with desktop wallet. when your computer laptop hacked (while connected internet) when your laptop attacked virus, you may lose all your funds, should you fail gain access the digital wallet. therefore, make sure that the laptop that stores your desktop wallet properly maintained and protected. netrum (c) netmobile netrum also offers mobile apps wallet. this the result cellular app development for the mobile users. this type wallet enables the users manage their wallet right from their mobile phone. means that they can manage anytime and anywhere. this expected enhance convenience and comfort managing the wallet. hot wallet accessible from any device, long connected internet. the cellular app designed with all features owned desktop wallet. the difference that the users can bring the wallet anywhere, unlike desktop wallet that static home the office. the cellular apps power the use netrum digital currency the real world. this solves the current problem with most the cryptocurrencies. few them have cellular apps, while users are mostly mobile. impossible use digital currency pay for goods services real world, you can only manage your digital assets using desktop home, right? when netrum accepted merchants throughout the world, will need portable payment system. here where cellular app works. the mobile apps allow the users check the transactions and netrum balance anytime. realize that all the netrum users are busy people. therefore, offer convenient wallet management system allow the users manage the account right their hands. indonesia, netmobile will allow transactions rupiah, regulated bank indonesia. however, blockchain netrum will included the app. netrum (c) this good news for netrum users indonesia. the apps will localized facilitate the users managing their account without any language barriers. again, netmobile not free risks. the keys are stored online, your risks depend upon the security systems you install into your gadgets. the risks associated with mobile wallet include: losing your mobile number used for netmobile losing your phone attackers getting access into your email account attackers hijacking your accounts when one those risks happen, you can totally lose the money stored the hot wallet. since the wallet always connected internet, the risks are even higher. therefore, experts cryptocurrency recommend storing only small amount money your hot wallet. keep balance, which enough for daily transactions. netcard netcard hardware wallet offered netrum. the wallet serves cold storage for long term. the wallet works really offline system, thus increasing security. minimizes the risk for hackers getting into the wallet and stealing the balance. the three types digital wallet, this the safest one. even though you make transactions online, they are stored offline. hardware wallets require you store the private keys physical device, like usb. actually, the hardware wallet can connected internet, but only for transaction purposes. you can easily transact online, why the money kept offline. hardware wallets require you store the private keys physical netrum (c) device, like usb. actually, the hardware wallet can connected internet, but only for transaction purposes. you can easily transact online, why the money kept offline. this minimizes the risk danger, since the hackers cannot get access into offline wallets. this the choice you want store large amount money. netcard fully free risks? the answer no. there still risk losing the private keys and failing access your wallet. this form human error, but the results can dramatic. shortly, every type digital wallet has its own pros and cons. therefore, make sure minimize the risks losing your money doing the following tips backing your wallet discussed above, keep only small amount digital currency online hot wallet, web wallet, desktop wallet. keep the rest more secured environment, namely cold wallet. paper wallet, hard storage like usb, and external hard disk are among the options. make sure have the backup. should your laptop fail, you can recover the wallet then. updating software keep the software date, including security software. therefore, your wallet will benefit from the updated features. regular updates are necessary for not only the wallet software, but also the software your pc, laptop, mobile phone. adding extra security never depend upon single security. the more layers the security is, the safer your wallets will be. you may use long, complex password minimize the risks hackers getting access into your wallet. you use mobile wallet, make sure install extra protection your mobile phone. for instance, you can install fingerprint authentication app your mobile phone. netrum (c) this another advantage offered netrum. apply extra-security layers such two-factor authentication (fa) enhance security the digital wallets. also apply multi-sign system for extra security. the only challenge with extra-security layer avoid losing your private keys. netrum (c) use netrum use blockchain-based netrum provides the users with number advantages. they include scalability, high-speed transaction, and better security compared bitcoin and ethereum. however, those are not the only objectives netrum blockchain development. instead, aim offering new ecosystem solution using the latest technology, along with all its functionalities. netrum (c) using blockchain platforms and smart contracts allows netrum users develop new projects based tokens that operate upon netrum blockchain. call this special application decentralized applications dapps. netrum offers comprehensive solution for cryptocurrency owners, who want use their coins conventional business environment. digital currency has limited use when accessibility and usages are limited. right now, cryptocurrencies are used limited sectors, such domain purchase and gaming. still far away from essential domains like health and education. therefore, netrum will come with number services, which will make closer the community. they include the following education debit cards processing for regular payment, shopping, bill payments, and ads payment for netravel payment for multi-financial institutions, including banks and non-bank institutions education education the most important element the development human resources. blockchain expected affect the education system greatly. the effects come various forms. netrum (c) for instance, blockchain allows educators and students communicate through online platforms while payments can made with digital money. likely that many education facilities online tutors will receive fees cryptocurrencies. actually, some notable universities across the globe receive payment digital money. however, the concept different when comes human resource development. netrum will provide platform, which allows educators and students communicate and provide different learning experiences, while the tutors get money. therefore, netrum will come with number convenient services make transactions education sector much easier. these will apply for offline and online education services. for these, netrum will collaborate with many educational institutions across the globe. crypto debit cards many people around the world prefer using debit cards for making payments. unlike credit card, which actually another form debt, debit card uses the balance your account. netrum contingency plan includes development crypto debit cards, which will become viable option payment across the globe. when made real, the users can make payment digital money conveniently using the conventional debit cards. regular payment must noted that technology has brought about significant impacts upon human life. technology affects how people meet their needs for goods service. netrum (c) more and more people are shifting from conventional shopping system visiting the markets brick-and-mortal stores digital (online) shopping systems. number local and global marketplaces are ready provide the consumers with anything they need. therefore, the consumers now can buy anything they need anytime and anywhere, right from their hands. this trend also applies indonesia. e-commerce grows fast. more than millions consumers indonesia used online marketplace. this shows increasing trend every year. was estimated that more than millions consumers would have used online shopping system meet their needs. this optimism certainly comes with reasons, including huge population fast penetration mobile gadgets, thanks the low prices fast investment growth development payment infrastructure that allows the consumers shop online without using bank accounts fast economic growth, which promotes the development all economic sectors, including buying capability. better economic conditions also affect consumption patterns the people. result, indonesia people are more familiar with e-commerce shopping system. this evident from the increasing search and more specific keywords used internet browsers. moreover, indonesia has number e-commerce with good reputations. the country also has some reputable shipping agents, both private owned and government owned agencies. given these facts, netrum will facilitate the shopper buy physical things like fashion items, beauty products, electronics, and many more, digital products like domain, security ssl, domain, cloud serves, and many more, from online stores. netrum (c) netpay netpay internet-based payment system. serves intermediary facility. nowadays, many startups facilitate sellers and buyers offering security guarantee for e-commerce transactions. ensure the transaction security netrum will serve intermediary establishing blockchain based database make sure that netpay works safely, fast, and practically. using netpay, sellers and buyers will enjoy number benefits, including: simple transaction system. will apply universal way long buyers and sellers are from the same country improved transaction security, compared cash and bank transfer systems. more efficient and simpler time and employee management. for the first phases, will prioritize the use netpay for the following services: bill payment, such gas, electricity, cable tv, and water bills advertising, such splash ads, slide ads, and broadcast ads nettravel, such purchases airline tickers, train tickets, and hotel reservation. netrum (c) financial institutions one the most potential target markets indonesia local cooperatives, wich have hundreds thousands even millions members across the nation. cooperative strong base local economy indonesia. built from the grassroots, thus building the foundation economy from the bottom and minimizing the impacts external shocks. the good news that ecosystem the economy and internal transactions are well established cooperative systems. some local cooperatives even have mobile e-commerce apps and internal marketplaces. yes, the cooperative system indonesia grows well. therefore, netrum will easily integrated into the system, thus eliminating the need for -rd-party between, namely banking system. the results will more efficient transactions and zero bank fees. the end, the cooperatives will able operate more efficient and effective system. netrum will develop netrum-based tokens. the cooperatives will increase the demand for ntr coins. therefore, the ntr values will increase with time. however, the system will not leave the banks all. instead, netrum and banks will integrated via visa/master card that necessary for netcard. besides cooperatives and banks, netrum will integrate with health insurance services. health insurance basic need for people indonesia. number insurance companies, either owned private agencies owned the government, operate indonesia. they become potential partners netrum. netrum (c) conclusion netrum offers some features its users. connecting netrum with financial systems hassle-free. the essence netrum system 'customer-oriented." keep building and developing the platform offering new features that benefit the users. netrum "the future technology", which universal, practical, and hassle-free use. the platform will keep growing make sure that the users feel comfortable using it. with the philosophy "the future technology", netrum team keeps working generate the next netrum platform. the system will come with revolutionary, simple, and comfortable features. the customers, who use the platform, will able convert their digital wealth instant way. they can save, trade, and exchange the ntr coins with bitcoin altcoin directly. these only some the advantages offered netrum. netrum (c) netrum (c) our team netrum (c) disclaimer this document has the solely purpose describing and illustrating technical development netrum project and describing targets set the development team. the introduction and description the basic conditions the project this document serve invitation the general public. the information provided this document does not constitute any way investment advice, financial advice, trading advice, any other sort advice, and you should not treat any the content such. nothing this document should taken offer buy any digital asset. conduct your own due diligence and consult your financial advisory before making any investment decision. netrum will not held responsible for the investment decisions you make based the information provided this technical document. those who have the intention participate, invest, and cooperate this project must clearly understand the full risks this project, that not and cannot regarded investment declaration commitment any specific unspecified subject, not commitment nor guarantee accomplishment all described development targets. the digital asset "netrum" "ntr" referred this project, has complete and independent value separate from the project team. the trading behavior different digital assets trading platform, market environment and the degree acceptance market entities will determine and change the value netrum digital asset. this value determined the recognition the value and exchange value the relevant market participants. digital assets markets could have larger price volatility caused unstable policies blockchains countries and regions around the world. common for prices face drastic fluctuations and value your holdings could increase decrease over single day. although this could mean potential huge profits, this also could mean potential huge losses. the team cannot guarantee the value netrum digital asset over time also the roi masternodes can depend upon several conditions and cannot considered guarantee financial return. netrum digital assets cannot regarded bonds any form securities, nor project team's, company's equity, shares, ownership control. for this reason, you should not invest all your money any digital assets. only invest money which you are willing lose. cryptocurrency trading may not suitable for all users this website. anyone looking invest cryptocurrencies should consult fully qualified independent professional financial adviser. netrum team and the project itself faces many risks, including but not limited the world economy and environment, blockchain development, corporate operations, and other unpredictable events that could happen anytime force the project terminate development operations. the project team cannot and will not liable for any loss damage caused your own actions, you are the solely responsible your digital holdings and custody your private keys. the project team also cannot guarantee the storage, retrieval, and modification the relevant virtual property your digital assets. you are the solely responsible holding netrum trading exchange digital asset portfolio, also those provided the team, represents understanding and willingness accept its risks. view changes the ongoing regulation blockchain technology, cryptocurrency intangible assets governments around the world, kalkulus team reserves all rights modify, delete, add, revoke, abrogate, and interpret related behaviors some all the contents this document any time, accordance with the laws regulations, and actual conditions each region. you confirm that you are free judge the content the project team and the project services, and bear all risks arising from the use the contents this document, including the risks arising from the reliance the correctness, completeness practicality the contents this document. netrum (c) netrum (c)