neufund.org august whitepaper neufund.org september what neufund? vision ecosystem impact definitions neufund token economy investment transaction neumark token value neumark issuance model neumark distribution example fee token distribution neufund initial capital building mechanism ether euro token icbm phases neumark trading secondary market important icbm terms investment platform description fundraising with stable coin (eurt) ether eurt lifecycle equity tokens equity token value on-chain governance protocol tokens investment terms investment agreement equity token offerings fees proceeds distribution internal token converter investor perspective investor qualification kyc requirements neufund.org september professional investor features company perspective company registration legal due diligence company cap table the fundraising process described platform security two factor authentication authentication using web authentication using neukey account protection using watched wallet developer's perspective neufund investment protocol extensible fund governance tokenized fund custom company governance alternative eto pricing mechanisms custom tokens token offerings neufund organisational structure legal considerations neufund's approach legal issues platform governance organisational structure fifth force neumark holders company investors companies neumint transparent trustee regulatory considerations "neufund ico" neumarks neufund.org september equity token offerings companies equity tokens roadmap build primary market for equity token fifth force (platform operator) redundancy reporting communication team advisors team advisors neufund.org september what neufund? neufund community-owned fundraising platform. acts bridge between the investment world and the blockchain space. using our legal and technical infrastructure, startups and established companies alike can legally issue new type asset call tokenized equity. achieve this formally linking traditional contracts with ethereum smart contracts through mutual reference and code correspondence. once these shares are created, anyone can invest into the company issuing them and verify the company's claims checking smart contracts and transaction data the public ledger. the result primary market for real world, technologically enhanced equivalents shares "equity tokens" that aim liquid cryptocurrency. joining the platform and bringing their fiat currency on-chain, users gain access this market. this way, neufund also functions powerful mechanism for onboarding off-chain investors and companies the crypto economy. companies can thus raise funds from investors their existing network, well any cryptocurrency holder, via the capital pool the neufund platform dedicated for funding. once company has successfully completed campaign and issued their equity tokens, neufund provides easy-to-use user interface for interacting with shareholders. possible hold votes for legally binding resolutions, issue updates and reports, open further fundraising rounds, enable secondary trading equity tokens, and perform other functions necessary for responsible corporate governance. order for the described components work and the system sustain itself, neufund designed true token economy. its value reflected protocol token called neumark, which participants earn committing capital the platform. this essentially allows people economically own the ecosystem, powerful incentive for investors bootstrap the platform and grow with further investment. neumarks are attractive asset: they entitle their holders revenues from platform fees for etos (equity token offerings) taking place neufund, well economic benefit from platform portfolio pool holding small amount every eto ever conducted (more chapter neufund.org september vision our vision for neufund open innovation for good our goal provide creators with the tools fund their ventures going directly those who believe their success. that why have chosen the name neufund the new way fund ventures building it, seek remove unnecessary barriers, including geographical and jurisdictional constraints, that prevent the alliance inventors and investors from forming. while our networks have grown global and turned digital, our assets remain highly immobile. investing capital through traditional channels still unnecessarily difficult and expensive, requiring voluminous paperwork, long waits, high broker fees, and dependence variety counterparties intermediaries. result these limitations, the investment ecosystem and financial industry large rely governmental intervention curb the worst excesses the system. regulations are designed protect investors; however, with the vast scope and subtleties these financial regulations, novice investors find themselves entirely excluded from the most attractive opportunities, thus depriving all the impact that the entrepreneurs supported their capital might create. therefore, our mission the following: reduce transaction costs between the two sides the investment process open the investment space for private equity everyone eliminate geographical constraints from venture creation make real world private equity fully liquid tokenizing onboard off-chain companies the crypto economy provide legally secure management functions for equity management are tremendously excited the potential for net positive disruption and innovation that distributed ledger technology offers. but are neither utopians, nor have illusions the hard and unexciting work takes achieve it. this why our strategy designed start off legally and technically secure, and then proceed gradually decentralize all functions the platform. aim "tokenize the enterprise", and melt "tokenize the enterprise the bigchaindb blog." jun. https://blog.bigchaindb.com/tokenize-the-enterprise-dbafb accessed aug. neufund.org september all parts the company into the community distributing its ownership widely. that end, have decided pursue plan with two parallel paths:: build primary market for equity tokens with four key components: sufficient liquidity, functioning investment platform, the neumark token economy, and attractive portfolio deals. make neufund redundant transforming all legal entities into fully token-holder owned "public" companies. software eats the world, and blockchain eats commerce, the era monolithic companies controlling value flows giving way the era fat protocols. neufund fuels the transition from traditional static, manual funding environment dynamic, more fluid and open ecosystem for all participants. "how software eating the world breaking smart." https://breakingsmart.com/en/season-/ accessed aug. "blockchain: powering the internet value evry." https://www.evry.com/globalassets/insight/bank/bank----blockchain-powering-the-internet-of-val ue---whitepaper.pdf accessed aug. "fat protocols union square ventures." aug. http://www.usv.com/blog/fat-protocols accessed aug. neufund.org september ecosystem impact platform like neufund does not simply exist isolation. exists part live ecosystem, and itself impacts the broader investment space and crypto-community number ways. yet, unlike other projects that use the technology for simple fundraising, neufund aims strengthen and expand the blockchain ecosystem itself number ways neufund acts mechanism for onboarding off-chain organizations and businesses blockchain, and specifically ethereum. there clear incentive for existing ventures "blockchainize" part their operations, especially investor relations. provide tool for existing businesses dip their toe the waters blockchain making the tokenization equity easy, legal, and secure. that way, are facilitating the creation many new and valuable token systems that not need their own blockchain platform. this makes the whole ethereum ecosystem stronger tieing more its pieces value created the off-chain world. neufund also incentivizes investors from both crypto and non-crypto spaces provide capital for innovation. investors already active the crypto space gain access attractive investment opportunities from outside the space. investors that have yet join the crypto economy find neufund easy way get started. with our stable coin "eurt" (euro token, pegged euro) bring off-chain capital chain. this provides stable reference for value investments and may stabilize the price ether preventing sell-offs (learn more about the euro token chapter neufund makes easy for regular people participate the crypto space. features full easily approachable the average internet user well tutorials slowly build basic knowledge crypto technology and economics. this way provide full suite tools for individuals fuel process gradual learning and commitment, and demystify blockchain. addition, neufund's call for committing funds icbm, for initial capital building mechanism the platform differs substantially from regular icos both mechanism and impact. explained detail chapter contrary widespread practice not simply collect funds sell off over time. instead ask investors commit their funds use the platform; but funds remain fully under the control users. the neufund.org september neumark token generate and distribute investors merely reward for doing so. that way are bootstrapping two-sided marketplace and investment ecosystem hope that, successful, this model becomes attractive option for other projects (especially marketplaces) consider. lastly, work towards greater transparency and accountability for fundraising via icos. currently, investors the crypto space face problem: how can they make sure that project owners issuing tokens actually follow through the promises they make? stands today, the transactions between investors and project owners far too many cases take place without any legally binding contracts. such, they have means protecting themselves against fraud, misuse funds, and other questionable conduct. the only thing holding project owners accountable the potential for loss reputation and goodwill. this goes against the founding ethos trustless systems entirely. from the very beginning, the emphasis has been building systems cooperation that use economic incentives align the interests disparate groups people, and rely sophisticated technical infrastructure secure their interactions. what has been missing, however, common sense integration with existing legal systems provide the enforcement mechanisms necessary for keeping parties accountable. this finally enables long term planning. making icos simple repeatable process with legal security built-in, investors across the crypto space gain leverage demand better contractual agreements from founders pointing the low cost and great ease conducting ico the neufund platform. neufund.org september definitions actors investors investors are both individuals and organisations that want invest the platform acquiring equity tokens they are rewarded with neumarks for more investor perspective companies companies are off-chain entities that raise capital the platform issuing equity tokens investors for more company perspective platform platform the main tool the neufund ecosystem. connects investors with companies allowing the former invest equity tokens issued the latter. revenue from this activity distributed neumark holders (through the neumark reward mechanism). platform operated fifth force gmbh with the help supporting entities. platform will become community owned upon the equity token offering fifth force gmbh. for more investment platform and organisational structure tokens neumarks (neu) investors get neumarks reward for investing the platform neumark represents share the ecosystem. more specifically, gives its holder right platform fees and neufund.org september participation the platform portfolio. neumarks can transferred among users, but can circulate outside the user base people registered the platform for more neufund token economy equity tokens equity tokens represent, and have legal ties to, equity (shares) companies each company issues its own equity tokens during its own equity token offering equity tokens are acquired investors for more equity tokens ether (eth) native token the ethereum blockchain. can used for the purpose conducting commitment transactions investment transactions euro token (eurt) euro token on-chain representation euro within the platform eurt cannot live used outside the platform. for more eurt lifecycle and eumint market mechanisms initial capital building mechanism (icbm) neufund platform "ico" icbm capital building event, consisting commitment transactions not token pre-sale. all funds gathered during the icbm still belong investors who make individual decisions which equity token offering fund later date. for more icbm neufund.org september investment transaction investment ether euro token into company its equity token offering rewarded equity tokens for more investment terms commitment transaction commitment funds ether euro token investors during the icbm the platform for later investment, rewarded the neumark reward for more icbm equity token offering (eto) during company's eto, investors may acquire equity tokens etos will organized the platform for more equity tokens neumark reward investors get neumarks reward for committing their funds use the platform during the icbm, and investing into companies the platform once launched. the sooner the investor commits funds, the higher the neumark reward received. the same applies funds invested the platform, after the initial commitment phase over. for more neufund token economy neufund.org september neufund token economy neufund community owned fundraising platform. make functioning blockchain economy introduce platform token called neumark, along with several mechanisms that determine the nature transactions between platform participants and thus neumark value. the two main types actors the platforms are investors and companies investors bring capital the platform and look for interesting investment opportunities companies. companies are businesses various kinds that look for funding offering part their shares investors. the fundamental transaction our platform investment where investors become shareholders companies via equity token offerings (eto). the neufund platform's value grows when number and volume investments grows, its economy must designed stimulate investment and reward transacting participants. since are creating blockchain economy, useful note that blockchain not only technology but also new way for people interact, including economic relations. the principles governing proper blockchain (or protocol) economy have unique properties, and does ours. our first core principle is: whoever works for the network owns the network very similar how the bitcoin network incentivizes miners; the bitcoin network generated set nodes (called miners) that provide the computing power necessary for pow type consensus occur. for providing this useful work, miners are rewarded specific amount the network token that represents the value the network. fact, all the bitcoins that exist today were created and, some point, owned miners. the neufund platform employs the same model. our case, the useful work that creates our network investment itself consequence, and because want our users benefit from participation, transacting participants become economic owners the ecosystem they create investing another important principle protocol economy, and our second core principle, that the network produces and controls access scarce resource for example, ethereum network miners providing computing power and consensus necessary support secondary offerings and equity tokens, not coins, adopting the currently popular "ico" name would misleading. "economics entangled tokens neufund." jun. https://blog.neufund.org/economics-of-entangled-tokens-fcbed accessed aug. proof work neufund.org september for transactions and smart contract execution. something similar takes place with the storj network for storage, mysterium for vpn bandwidth, and on. the case neufund there are two types resources that must produced and controlled. the first one capital, provided investors, and the second one equity quality companies. both those are scarce resources: you typically not get money for free and quality deals are hard find well. the mechanism that controls access both capital and company equity the eto, where investors acquire (and companies sell) equity price negotiated the market the role the neumark token this process not control access, but incentivise participants provide more capital and quality deals the platform, and thus the entire ecosystem. the last principle blockchain economies discuss, and neufund's third core principle, is: tokens represent network value generally speaking, this representation works differently depending the type tokens deployed. the case utility tokens "app tokens"), they set the baseline price the fundamental resource. consequently, their total value should but often does not, correspond the total value this resource. the case neumark the token represents economic rights, which will explained detail later. the case some other token types the idea that you own the network owning tokens wrap up, here are guidelines for neufund token economy. participants the economy should become owners ecosystem they create investing. resources that run neufund platform are both capital and quality deals. access resources controlled via equity token offering (eto). value neufund platform represented neumark. enables platform participants hold share its value and stimulates platform growth via more investments. neufund.org september investment transaction figure investment transaction there are two sides investment transaction. one side there the investor that brings capital. the case investors the neufund platform, capital may the form any cryptocurrency, with only ether supported initially, stable coins, which will initially support natively through our eurt stable coin exchangeable for euro. the other side have the company that is, plans be, limited company (or any legal form that has shares) registered any jurisdiction. the company offers its shares for sale converting them equity tokens (see call the mechanism that regulates equity token price, and thus access capital and equity, equity token offering (see during the eto, potential investors decide acquire equity tokens for price that was either negotiated the market earlier subject some market mechanism within the eto itself (e.g. reverse dutch auction). once investment decision made, the investor acquires equity tokens for eth eurt, which transferred the company's account. having become legal shareholder that company, the investor now granted rights profit sharing, exit proceedings, and other things contributing investor's roi. the same moment the transaction confirmed, and keeping with the principles the neufund protocol economy, the investor claims newly created neumarks reward for providing capital "introducing the gnosis token launch gnosis." dec. https://blog.gnosis.pm/introducing-the-gnosis-token-launch-cccffb accessed aug. neufund.org september important take away here the role neumark. you can see, not typical protocol token neither sets the price resource, nor does control access it. other words: neumark also does not act gatekeeper investment transactions. you still invest freely with ether and euro-tokens that you personally hold your wallet. instead, neumark reward for being good ecosystem participant and helping grow being active. neumark token value the previous chapters explained that investors become economic owners the neufund ecosystem when they receive rewards the form neumark for each completed investment transaction. the value neumarks results from fees and participation platform pool equity tokens, and thus gives economic ownership the network said holders. with each successful eto, small fee deducted from the invested amount. this platform fee then distributed neumark holders proportion amount neumarks they own ("pro rata"). within the same eto, small fee form company equity tokens deducted from the total number tokens that were acquired. this token participation fee added platform portfolio all companies ever conduct token sale the platform. http://www.investopedia.com/terms/p/pro-rata.asp neufund.org september figure neumark token value the platform fee mechanism simple one. taken from the investment upon each successful eto the platform and immediately distributed. the token participation fee somewhat different, and more interesting. company equity tokens obtained this way are stored, jointly forming platform portfolio all companies that perform eto neufund. initially, during the portfolio building phase equity tokens can only added collecting token fees. they can not and are not managed afterwards. neither the platform operator nor neumark holders can liquidate their stake expand buying further assets from other holders. however, all economic rights neumark holders are upheld: all proceeds from portfolio tokens will distributed holders with the same mechanism the platform fee. some point time, this platform portfolio will store substantial number tokens, which point might transformed (subject joint decision neumark holders) into different, perhaps more liquid form. for example, could become automatically balanced index the equity token market, perhaps assume form where token holders can easily liquidate their positions. neufund.org september any case, thanks the token participation fee, neumark holders have stake every eto that happens the platform even without investing those tokens directly. this way, the neumark creates strong alignment between investors, companies, and the totality investment. the value neumark grows all are succeeding. platform governance carried out the platform operator, which currently assumes the form germany based limited liability company (see neufund's intention gradually decentralize the operational governance the platform, and distribute both its ownership well its management the community (more this daofication the operator indicated, fees are set the platform operator but the exact percentage has yet determined. however, neufund aims total fee smaller than regular off-chain crowdfunding platforms take. but there are other components contributing overall neumark value: future revenues from fees addition the value existing and future platform portfolio value. but does not directly represent total value companies that issued equity tokens it. comparable relationship here that ether ethereum tokens: ether represents the value the entire smart contract executing network and its enabling potential, but not the value various token systems created top it. intend have neumarks traded major exchanges. standard erc transfer interface will available immediately upon termination the initial capital building phase. neumark issuance model from the platform's point view, the primary role the neumark incentivise investment. should also reward risk taking early adopters committing their money the platform. this has led make the following assumptions for our token issuance model. want specifically incentivise the commitment the first billion euro. https://github.com/ethereum/eips/pull/ neufund.org september want neumarks issued alongside investment transactions the platform the total supply neumarks will increase over time. want higher reward for early adopters they will receive more neumarks for the same committed amount than latecomers. want the number tokens deterministically capped any token holder can compute his holdings (as share all neumarks) the future (no endless dilution). readers familiar with the design the bitcoin network understand that these requirements lead solution similar the familiar diminishing block reward scheme, where mining increases difficulty and the whole scheme stops certain maximum number tokens. fact, are using the following curve model token issuance please note that may use approximates the actual smart contract implementation supply esteepness* investedeu cap cap here supply the amount tokens created until invested eurt amount euro invested, with cap and steepness two curve parameters. cap the maximum amount neumark that will ever created. steepness determines the speed with which the difficulty obtaining neumarks grows with invested eurt. other words, shows how much early adopters are incentivised relation latecomers. neufund.org september figure neumark issuance curve the actual steepness used the platform (corresponding initial reward neumark/ eurt), highly incentivises early adopters, which made visible the diagram above. the first mln eurt invested yields the neumark cap. the same amount mln) invested after mln eurt have already been committed would yield just the cap. neumark "cost" this example increases more than times. the platform will issue bln neumarks and that cap, combined with the actual steepness, will effectively incentivise the first bln eurt invested the platform. any next eurt invested after that, gets less than neumark, which point consider the reward incentive expired. please note that the curve itself asymptotic and thus the cap will never reached. this obviously not the case with the actual, discrete implementation available the neufund github. now can formally introduce the concept neumark marginal reward which derivative invested eurt https://github.com/neufund/ico-contracts neufund.org september reward esteepness* investedeu cap steepness and can observe that reward( eur) -steepness the steepness the curve fact equal the initial reward neumark can obtain invested eurt value via inverted curve investedeu ln( cap-supply cap steepness cap are able compute neumark marginal cost and reward amount just knowing current neumark supply for completeness, the following equation used compute the exact number neumarks issued for given investment size amount eurt supply neumarks already issued: issued esteepness* investedeu +amounteu cap cap supply please note that both the curve equation and all the parameters may changed slightly approximated due evm limitations. the details determined implementation constraints will announced before the start the neufund icbm neumark distribution neumarks are issued for successful investment transactions, the following distribution scheme applied: issued neumarks assigned the investor and the platform operator. general, the platform operator bears all costs running the platform (including such things writing code and legal services). must cover those costs from fees coming from neumarks received via distribution above. operator does not get any "free" "pre-allocated" neumarks nor does receive any ether euro during initial capital building this approach makes operator interests and incentives perfectly aligned with interests the platform, the intention behind neufund's model (more platform operator here platform operator may adjust the above distribution optimize incentives the future. may, for example, include companies one neumark beneficiaries, should deal ethereum virtual machine neufund.org september flow need further incentivisation however, the operator will never take higher percentage neumarks than the investor side. example fee token distribution example how this works practice, will calculate the distribution fees and tokens eto that takes place when neumarks have been issued yet. remember here that the neumark cap bln tokens, and initial difficulty (corresponding steepness this example, the eto size mln with equity price eurt equity token, mln tokens are sold investors. for the sake the example split investors into fund_investor that acquires mln tokens and community_investors that acquire mln. tokens. according the issuance curve equation this eto generates issued (mln eurt) neumarks, which are distributed investors and the platform operator equal measure neumark each. within the investor group, fund_investor (which invested first) receives and community_investors receive neumarks. this point that fees are deducted. first, the platform fee taken from the investment amount, which equals eurt. that fee distributed neumark holders follows: fund_investor (holds ~.% neumarks) gets eurt, community_investors (hold .%) get eurt. platform operator has neumarks and gets eurt. the token participation fee taken well, equaling equity tokens. then, funds and equity tokens are released the issuing company and investors respectively. the company receives eurt and investors equity tokens (where fund_investor gets and community investors get tokens). please note that fees are distributed pro rata relationship neumark holdings and equity tokens are distributed pro rata relationship the investment amount neufund.org september neufund initial capital building mechanism the initial capital building mechanism (icbm) process corresponding somewhat icos other blockchain projects. kickstarts our investment ecosystem. however, works differently from the average initial token offering ethereum. the purpose our icbm gather capital that committed invested future token offerings companies' equity tokens (eto). according the principles our protocol economy the only way you can get neumark perform work for the ecosystem which for the investor provide capital the investment process. during the icbm investors exactly that: they commit amount money investor's individual account that will later fund company etos. such commitment, from the perspective the platform, different than the capital investment the investment transaction itself, neumark reward granted. the surface this icbm looks like any other ico. investors send ether smart contract address that governs the whole process and tokens are issued return. but underneath things are different. icbm not token pre-sale the platform operator not selling neumarks and then taking the money. all funds gathered during the icbm still belong the investors which later make individual decisions which companies' etos fund the platform operator also not getting any pre-allocated neumarks, since receives its share only when neumarks are "mined" investors. figure commitment process neufund.org september with that explanation fresh mind can examine the icbm terms detail. all parameters are also summarized this handy table during the icbm investors get neumark reward committing (putting aside) funds the platform, before actually spending them any specific investment. investor that commits funds after the icbm has already concluded and then invests one more etos, gets his neumark reward only when he/she actually invests. during the icbm, investors get their neumark reward the highest possible rate (lowest possible cost) the neumark issuance mechanism offers higher rewards for early adopters and decreasing rewards committed (during icbm) and invested capital (after icbm) the platform increases. the same logic applies the order investors during the icbm. the earliest opportunity commit capital the platform, thus the reward highest for the first icbm investor and then slowly decreases with each further one. during the icbm, issued neumarks are distributed described the neumark distribution chapter. the split investor and platform operator. the icbm starts with closed early phase for neufund supporters and friends whom would like have our investors and members our ecosystem. those investors gain access the icbm before the general public. investors lock funds their individual accounts which are ethereum smart contracts. from that account funds can still accessed the investor but used only companies etos (which basically list ethereum smart contracts published the platform). neufund provides user interfaces which will make investment easy. calling smart contracts directly from other wallets will also possible. investors are protected case they cannot find interesting deals. after certain period time longstop date all unspent locked funds can released, subject the investor's decision. such released funds may withdrawn from the platform. every investor required return amount neumarks that equals the amount neumarks issued him/her reward for commitment. this amount further reduced proportion funds actually invested. example: during icbm, our investor puts aside eurt and receives neu. she later decides invest various etos, spending eurt, leaving eurt still locked. after the longstop date passes she decides neufund.org september withdraw all remaining funds. she required return before finally being able withdraw the remaining eurt. please also note that while one may simply hold all tokens, investors that wish withdraw their funds not need return the originally acquired neumarks fulfil this requirement; neumarks can also acquired the secondary market (of course market price) and are accepted just the same. neumarks are fully fungible. investors may use escape hatch release funds before the longstop date. that case they will pay certain penalty which will distributed other neumark holders compensation for decreasing the overall ecosystem value. the case longstop date activation, amount neumarks corresponding the amount locked funds before the penalty applied, must returned. please see the example above. funds locked during the icbm gain priority access company etos, investment tickets acquired for those funds will executed before tickets coming from the general public first look right all investors participating the icbm are subject the neumark token holder agreement the terms which correspond icbm smart contracts terms, construct identical that launched with neufund's esop. generic version agreement will available for download the icbm commitment website and distributed personalized form after the icbm ends. there vesting scheme applied trading rights fees. erc transfer interface will enabled when the ether phase ends and fee distribution will start with the first successful equity token offering company. that event also distribute fees coming from the use escape hatches, any. participate company equity token offering, investors need provide identification documents investor kyc the platform user interface will provide easy and secure ways perform kyc well before the first eto starts. escape hatch and longstop date mechanisms are available for investors that are not willing not able perform kyc. there other unlock mechanism available for such investors. "tokenizing startup equity, part employee stock options plan ...." may. https://blog.neufund.org/tokenizing-startup-equity-part--employee-incentive-options-plan-esop-on-ethereu m-blockchain-dcef accessed aug. neufund.org september the platform kyc process supports both individuals and organizations virtually any type (natural and legal persons). right now, and until changes, citizens are not allowed participate the icbm. investors will also not able complete kyc with all the consequences stated above. ether euro token icbm phases figure initial capital building mechanism phases plan initial capital building two phases. the first phase addressed individuals and organizations that hold ether other cryptocurrencies and are able manage their wallets properly. this means that they control their private keys and are able execute smart contract methods sending transaction data, the same with any other modern ico. the second phase addressed individuals and organizations that are willing invest the form eur other fiat currencies. thus catered blockchain newcomers organisations (like most classical funds) that have legal restrictions placed upon them regarding the currencies they may invest with. below summarize both icbm phases and how they relate. all terms enumerated the previous chapter are identical for ether and eurt phases. both phases are separately capped but the eurt phase comes after the ether phase. this means that ether investors are rewarded with better neumark ratio neufund.org september per amount committed funds than eurt investors. this functions reward for taking greater risk committing their funds earlier. eurt phase investors may identify themselves (kyc) before they commit funds (kyc required before the funds are actually invested). this removes the risk not being able kyc and being forced use the escape hatch locked funds. mentioned, the ether phase the icbm works like typical ethereum ico: you participate executing transaction the icbm smart contract. your wallet able inject the web.js library into the icbm commitment page, you may even participate directly from the browser. the eurt phase designed for individuals not familiar with blockchain and ethereum (like off-chain business angels) organizations (like classical vcs). read more the eurt investment process the eurt lifecycle chapter. for more information euro token and how circulates neufund platform, please read here neumark trading secondary market here provide short recap the terms secondary trading neumark. there erc transfer interface and hence trading enabled when ether phase icbm ends, specifically when the cap end date are reached. there vesting other limitations neumark trading. all neumarks issued during the icbm process are transferable. the platform operator's intention facilitate trade listing neumark major exchanges, both centralized and decentralized ones. for further details legal and regulatory aspects neumarks, ask the reader consult chapter important icbm terms neumark issuance parameters https://github.com/ethereum/eips/issues/ neufund.org september maximum neumark supply neumarks initial reward (steepness) neumark eurt initial cost (reward inverse) eurt neumark initial distribution investor, platform operator neumark symbol neu neumark precision decimals icbm ether phase start date autumn exact date https://commit.neufund.org length days maximum ticket size maximum ticket size minimum ticket size eth neumark cap (see equation safety (max) cap mln eurt(*) neumark reward along the curve, first come better deal kyc required participate the icbm? announced (*) constant ether eur rate will applied during icbm phase. rate will announced together with icbm smart contracts deployment and cannot changed later. commitment account parameters longstop (unlock) date months (of days length) escape hatch available from end icbm escape hatch penalty not invested funds unlock requirements must burn neumarks corresponding not invested funds neufund.org september kyc required invest equity tokens? yes, read more are organization kyc supported? yes, read more neufund.org september investment platform description fundraising with stable coin (eurt) ether the price volatility "cryptocurrencies" with regard well established fiat currencies and the off-chain costs running business are problem for long term investment equity tokens which neufund initially focused. may acceptable for pure blockchain businesses risk such volatility but for off-chain companies keep funds ether may shortsighted, since subject substantial drops surges value over the course few days. investors, particular professional ones, face similar problems. calculating roi virtually impossible when changes value depend much more the performance the base "currency" instead investment performance. neufund's solution this problem denominate all investments euro, which serves the base currency the platform particular, means that: investment amounts the investment agreement are stated euro, the price equity token during its token offering calculated euro, the neumark reward calculated based the investment amount euro, matter which currency investment actually happens. has been stated before, the investment transaction itself may happen both euro-tokens and ether, and the end its eto the company will receive funds both tokens (unless the terms the eto specified otherwise): investment transactions may happen euro-token (eurt), stable internal token pegged euro (as explained here the price given equity token denominated euro that the number equity tokens acquired investor can directly calculated. investment transactions with ether are slightly more complex. the investment amount recalculated euro (via rate from oracle) the moment the transaction mined. that amount then used calculate the amount equity tokens acquired that transactions. ether kept the eto smart contract until the offering concludes and then released the company. the case ether investments, the company bears volatility risk during the eto period neufund.org september stated above, ether investments bring short term volatility risk company. when the funds are released, they may immediately converted via neufund's internal token converter however, eliminate volatility risk completely, company can decide which currencies its eto supports eurt only eto volatility risk eliminated, but also investors that invest exclusively with cryptocurrencies are discouraged. eurt and eth eto company addresses the largest possible capital pool but with short term ether volatility risk. eurt lifecycle figure eur-token lifecycle neufund.org september please note that due legal reasons: eurt does not support peer transfers between platform participants. eurt may used only for commitment and investment transactions and collect fees. eurt may only held individuals and organizations with completed kyc. consequence, any fee revenue disbursed hold the platform until such process completed. equity tokens neufund allows both well established and new companies get funding issuing blockchain-based equity tokens. these tokens are issued result investment process that, many ways, similar the process that startup goes through when funded classically. particular, company must prove investors that its shares/tokens have value. the main difference that during this process part the entirety the company's shares will presented equity tokens this provides significant benefits both the investors and company founders like liquidity and reduced legal costs. neufund will release guides that help companies apply for funding this way. the following paragraphs discuss equity tokens they live the ethereum blockchain. for legal construct, particular how the link between tokens and equity established, and how token holders are represented off-chain, please refer chapter neufund feels strongly about supporting equity tokens opposed entangled tokens, for reasons explained elsewhere. equity token value equity tokens may acquired investor during equity token offering. it's worth stressing that anyone can become investor, professional vc, regular person with euros, individuals owning some bitcoins, etc. for all investors, such tokens have the following value: "economics entangled tokens neufund." jun. https://blog.neufund.org/economics-of-entangled-tokens-fcbed accessed aug. neufund.org september they represent equity off-chain company with terms specified the investment agreement and its corresponding smart contract. that point, the value the equity itself has already been assessed the investors after the presentation proposal the founders and subsequent discussion. they entitle their holder stake the company's governance. the neufund platform provides the tools and legal framework for on-chain shareholder resolutions, reporting, and other functions and decisions (see company on-chain governance equity tokens are principle transferable, hence may traded the neufund platform will enable such trading capability. company may apply for more funding and dilute existing token- and shareholders this requires passed shareholder resolution and must comply with the terms set out the investment agreement. investors profit from proceeds paid the companies which are automatically distributed smart contracts more distribution chapter acquiring equity tokens, the company's investors become indirect party the investment agreement and enter indirectly legally binding agreement with the company. this agreement secures his/her rights indirect shareholder. on-chain governance the investment agreement requires the company carry out shareholder resolutions platform for on-chain investors off-chain investors still vote paper and results are merged get the final answer. there overlapping and one votes twice. the case fully on-chain companies, where all shares are represented equity tokens, paper voting not necessary. the voting procedure complies with those usually found typical shareholder agreement. there are few interesting decisions with on-chain consequences that can made this way: applying for more funding via neufund platform enabling trading equity token converting more equity tokens neufund.org september performing end life events like exit company's closing the investment agreement requires companies report token holders regular basis reporting obligations will not exceed standards early venture capital financing rounds and will take into account that such reporting public. companies should aware that due having many investors, whose identity might change when secondary trading permitted, such reports should treated visible anyone. protocol tokens while neufund's clear priority make eto equity tokens possible, neufund platform may the future support any protocol token. these are tokens that have strong representation within the current and/or future state the ethereum ecosystem and that represent voucher right use specific service network. from the platform perspective, the most important distinction between these and the equity tokens are token holder rights and how they are secured both on-chain and off-chain. current token offerings typically lack any form off-chain rights. some that may change fast with the establishment and growing acceptance the saft agreement, first version which has already been trialed during the filecoin ico. neufund may adopt similar agreements, aligned specifically with european regulations, and open its decentralized capital pool any type token. describe the technical side such token offerings chapter investment terms investment agreement the neufund platform uses investment terms with just few simple parameters set. investors will acquire equity tokens such terms during any eto. token offerings are addressed any and all potential investors, the terms particular investment will stored the ledger. such transparency should, our opinion, make terms fair creating market for equity tokens with competitive prices for companies different lifecycle stages both investors and companies overall are likely benefit from https://coinlist.co/static/media/protocol%labs%-%saft%for%filecoin%token%presale. def.pdf https://coinlist.co/currencies/filecoin/overview neufund.org september this additional information available on-chain compared the currently closed investment ecosystem. simple investment terms mean that company can simply say how many shares wants sell (in the form equity tokens) and for what price. this specification may happen variety ways, depending the particular eto price setting mechanism employed. following the classical approach, just two parameters are necessary: company valuation and percentage shares that company wants sell form equity tokens, the combination which results single value called price token (in eurt). there are various secondary parameters that every eto has, like minimum and maximum cap, deadlines, minimum and maximum ticket sizes, etc. please note that this public sale makes other previously unavailable token price mechanisms available, such the reverse dutch auction where price set investor demand. neufund will provide such mechanisms next the classical approach. will also allow developers implement custom pricing schemes the investment agreement signed company founders and trustee when eto succeeds. please refer legal section for jurisdiction and formal requirements. from the point view the platform participants, this agreement sets the following: how many tokens were actually sold (amount between minimum and maximum caps) and for what (eurt) price, specifying effect the percentage equity that investors acquired and determining the company's post-investment valuation will establish investor rights shareholders the company. when signed, funds are released the company and equity tokens investors. equity token offerings during company's eto, investors acquire equity tokens according investment terms that are part the eto smart contract. these terms' parameters are simple but leave room for configuration like caps, timing etc. the platform will also allow setting different pricing mechanisms for equity, ranging from classical valuation methods (price eurt per share) market-driven schemes like the reverse dutch auction (for information implementing your own pricing mechanisms read chapter neufund.org september all funds that are gathered during eto are kept smart contract escrow until the final results are known, specifically until known whether the minimum cap price per token was reached. once that happens, the investment agreement signed startup founders and trustee paper electronically, depending the jurisdiction. that moment the following happens: the neumark reward "mined" and issued investors and the platform operator all fees are collected and distributed neumark holders funds are released the company equity tokens are released investors please note that all fees and tokens must actively claimed investors. this due the gas limit the ethereum network. the platform user interface will provide the necessary notifications for such events. the case unsuccessful eto where the minimum cap price equity token are not reached, all funds are returned investors. fees proceeds distribution the platform provides mechanism for the distribution fees and proceeds token holders. since the primary value equity tokens economic, the distribution proceeds the investors' fundamental right. these proceeds are deposited into equity token distribution pool where they may claimed token holders. proceeds may deposited ether eurt (the internal token converter available for conversion). the same applies withdrawal. investors that sell their tokens secondary market will still able claim proceeds deposited into the equity token distribution pool before the sell transaction concludes the same rules apply fees distributed neumark holders. that case the platform may apply additional distribution mechanism that prevents large amounts funds handed over short time. instead would hand them out according some diminishing scheme. neufund.org september internal token converter neufund, via cooperation with one the leading exchanges, will provide service convert between eurt and eth within the single user account the conversion rate will close actual market price the exchange pair this partner exchange. the converter service will try optimize volume over time. exists solely let users withdraw and deposit funds their prefered token and not suitable for professional trade. investor perspective investor qualification kyc requirements eto investors can individuals organizations. have standard kyc/aml procedures like you would see typical cryptocurrency exchange. specifically require individuals provide scan their passport, the country issuance, their full name, their date birth, their residency address, and confirmation that they represent themselves. passports from the u.s. other unsupported countries will rejected. user wants commit and withdraw euros, also require bank account that the name the user and the country passport issuance. for institutional investors require representatives provide complete individual kyc, scan the trade register excerpt secretary's certificate incorporation another document that confirms existence the company. such document should contain the following information (if not, those should provided separately): the name the company, neufund.org september the country incorporation and company address, the legal form the company, the company's registration number, authorization that the representative acting behalf the company (being ceo, fund manager etc.), the company's vat number (eu only). professional investor features platform will provide increasing number investors' features, below are those that are currently both well defined and interesting. follow other investor side car deal" this shows investments certain investment and gives follower the opportunity co-invest (always subject his full discretion) believes investment decisions leading investor. side car deals also increases impact leading investor. bring your own deals green shoe "). both investors and companies may bring pre-arranged deals the platform where their pre-arranged transaction happens before eto opens others. this beneficial both pre-arranged participants (they may leverage platform capital pool complete the deal) and the rest ecosystem (quality deals are coming the platform, which otherwise happen private syndicates). priority access eto first look right described chapter exclusively for investment from funds locked during the icbm. company perspective company registration legal due diligence order able raise capital through the neufund platform, the company will have fulfill some basic requirements, including the following: has incorporated limited liability company, has provide basic data required from institutional investors (see kyc requirements above neufund.org september these data are collected and verified neufund platform. company cap table the transparent trustee (see below) technical entity that acts accordance with instructions given equity token holders. becomes shareholder, hence listed the shareholder list registered with the designated registry (depending the company's jurisdiction). the fundraising process described its basic design, the fundraising process the neufund platform similar regular ico processes already familiar the crypto community and blockchain ecosystem. the platform, however, provides range tools and services make the process smoother, transparent, legally sound, and following the "trustless trust" principle. starts off-chain when company presents itself the community investors. this important part the process, and the time where new project can discussed the community. the community's interest, hesitations, and insights are taken into account that decision can made whether the offer formally considered on-chain. the founder must present and defend his/her idea public forum (e.g. reddit) the community verifies various claims made the project (we assume here that companies worth investing will able generate enough attention), community experts that are compensated for their due diligence through platform mechanisms any company can get funding, except those whose business activity consists illegal economic activity, i.e. any production, trade, other activity, which illegal under the laws regulations applicable the platform the relevant company entity, including without limitation, human cloning for reproduction purposes; which substantially focuses on: (i) the production and trade tobacco and distilled alcoholic beverages and related products; (ii) the financing the production and trade weapons and ammunition any kind; (iii) casinos and equivalent enterprises; (iii) the research, development technical applications relating electronic data programs solutions, which aim specifically supporting any activity referred above; internet gambling and neufund.org september online casinos; pornography, are intended enable illegally enter into electronic data networks; downloading electronic data. next, legal due diligence takes place (startup kyc) (as described chapter the neufund platform uses simple, fair, and public term sheet template default company will only specify basic parameters (see chapter like number shares sold, price equity token (valuation), investment caps, etc. the company may secure initial ticket from particular investor the platform, but this not required. the equity token offering phase comes with first look rights. this fundamental part the investment process during which investors acquire equity tokens thus obtaining shareholder rights companies (see chapter when the token offering completed, investment agreement automatically generated from the terms and results the token offering are stored the ledger then signed the founders and the trustee the document scanned and preserved both parties. the actual form requirement depends the jurisdiction applicable the company. hash the scan will act digital proof the signature made paper and will stored the smart contract corresponding the investment agreement when this happens, the investment process successfully completed and the company gains access the gathered funds. platform security neufund's user base expected include both experts and novices blockchain applications, and both high and low value accounts. provide smooth experience while guaranteeing security for all these users, plan support three different authentication mechanisms. addition, all our users benefit from protective wallet contract. neufund.org september two factor authentication for users that are new the ethereum blockchain, provide simple two factor signup using email address, passphrase, and time-based one-time password compatible with google authenticator. account creation, recovery code will sent the user's email address. login, the user provides the email address, the passphrase, and the six digit one-time code. sign transaction, fresh one-time code needs provided. the event that either the passphrase the one-time code lost, the recovery code can used. the private keys are generated neufund servers and stored there encrypted form using the user's authentication factors the encryption process. they will only decrypted temporarily during signing operations and never leave the server's volatile memory. the servers will run dedicated hardware avoid cross-vm attacks. the servers will run their own security domains, separate from other services. this the simplest option that familiar all users, and good way for them experiment. while strive for maximum security, not recommend this method for assets you are not willing lose. loss multiple authentication factors results permanent loss the key and all attached funds. breach our signing server means potential theft all the keys that are used during the breach period. authentication using web for users that are familiar with the ethereum blockchain and want control their own security, provide web standard authentication mechanism. the user can connect using any web enabled browser, such parity, metamask, and mist. all transactions are signed the user's wallet. this the most advanced option the user fully responsible for keeping their signing keys confidential and maintaining proper backups. neufund has ability recover accounts. urge high value users use the neukey method, least set their own hardware wallet. authentication using neukey for high value accounts recommend using the neukey, hardware wallet based the ledger nano, provided directly neufund. the nano provides great security neufund.org september design. further add the security, the devices are notarized taylor wessing, berlin based notarial office. the notary configures the devices and stores the backup codes. this frees the user from doing this laborious and error-prone step. the devices are uniquely numbered and tracked through the notary smart contract. only the owner can ask the notary block the neukey retrieve the backup code. account protection using watched wallet second layer defence after the authentication mechanism, all our users will have wallet contract that holds their assets their behalf. for transactions that exceed certain criteria, there will hour delay. during this time the user can still cancel the transaction. during this time neufund can also decide delay the transaction further days. this allows neufund protect the user against malicious and accidental transactions, but prevents neufund from controlling permanently blocking account. the worst case scenario account being compromised and transactions issued steal funds, the hour delay starts. during this delay, neufund the user spot the transaction (assisted monitoring tools and confirmation emails) and neufund blocks the transaction. the user now has days recover the account and cancel the transactions. after that, they can moved new safe account (exact delay periods still subject change). developer's perspective neufund investment protocol the neufund platform comes packaged that friendly towards people new blockchain. below the hood, however, will extensible investment protocol that allows developers build funds, companies, and custom token offering processes; developers may also make use other solutions that target those problems such melonport, augur, aragon, and others. neufund provides several core services like the revenue sharing equity token, kyc, stable coin, token offering with legal backing, and others top which several interesting features may built. neufund.org september extensible fund governance neufund will provide basic contract for fund management, that allows users invest funds and collect fees other proceeds. but both decision making process and proceeds distribution mechanism are abstracted and can extended needed. initially, neufund provides rudimentary decision making implementation, where single several partners can make independent decisions invest funds and proceeds are manually disbursed any the partners. the melonport protocol can used establish fund where neufund's etos function asset universe. may also involve building exchange module let melonport funds participate neufund's primary market. also possible implement decentralized investment decision making using for example the gnosis futarchy protocol. tokenized fund the ultimate goal extending fund governance the implementation tokenized fund. the structure such fund has been researched and was presented version this whitepaper. essence, such fund works follows: the fund issues its own tokens that are acquired the limited partners. the collected funds form investment pool from which investments etos are performed. the fund managed fund managers that are making actual investment decisions. managers may elected limited partners using predetermined and customizable mechanisms like liquid democracy. proceeds are distributed the limited partners proportional the amount fund tokens they hold. fund managers may take management fees carried interest. "github melonproject/greenpaper/greenpaper/blob/master: melon protocol greenpaper." https://github.com/melonproject/greenpaper/blob/master/melonprotocol.pdf accessed sep. neufund.org september currently, neufund not actively developing the above fund structure, yet able and willing cooperate this well open its investment ecosystem tokens representing participation funds. custom company governance neufund's core contracts for equity tokens establish the fundamental shareholder rights like ownership off-chain shares, right proceeds, and shareholder voting rights. company governance complicated thing however, and the neufund investment protocol will open other projects that deal specifically with this matter. currently aragon network already providing support for custom tokens, company governance may use their solution. with bit integration any aragon organization may use the neufund platform eto, create link from on-chain tokens off-chain shares the real company. alternative eto pricing mechanisms described and there are many ways which the price equity token may determined during eto. the classical approach negotiate and set the price the equity before the token offering starts. due the open nature the eto, the classical way may not sufficient and, for example, some type auction where the price set investor demand may better option. the neufund protocol open implementation custom price discovery mechanisms within token offerings and neufund planning implement several them (see chapter custom tokens token offerings the most advanced kind customization add new token types and token offering processes, involves lot conceptual and legal work. what are the token holder rights? what the token's regulatory status? what stated the investment agreement? the investment protocol itself can easily extended, but answering these questions the hard part. the following are two ideas that neufund has researched: token representing limited partners rights tokenized investment fund mentioned above this fund structure can implemented the neufund "the governance release, alpha aragon." mar. https://blog.aragon.one/the-governance-release-aragon-alpha---%ef%b%f-bdeadefab accessed sep. neufund.org september platform, but requires custom token and custom investment agreement the fund. any protocol token backed saft agreement the saft agreement survives real world trials and legal regulatory scrutiny, neufund may decide implement option invest any protocol token, thereby enabling investment tokens that represents rights other than equity. neufund.org september neufund organisational structure legal considerations neufund not only technological platform, but also legal one. the legal dimension means that neufund: allows equity real-world companies represented tokens living the blockchain, allows anyone invest such tokens, comprises framework legal and smart contracts that makes token issuance and investment such tokens binding both on-chain and off-chain, delivers tools for investors and companies undertake legally recognizable actions on-chain, and gives neumark holders legal rights, expressed smart contracts and off-chain legal documentation. further details legal aspects and organisational structure neufund follow below. neufund's approach legal issues the idea behind neufund, legal matters have played great role from the very beginning. that why build neufund using not only blockchain and other cutting-edge technologies, but also utilizing legal innovation neufund about treating regulations seriously and the same time moving forward with our innovative agenda. are looking far into the future investing. the same time, are aware potential limitations legal frameworks developed the past. practice this means that each our steps carefully analysed from the legal perspective. also engage dialogue with lawmakers and regulators, europe and beyond. some jurisdictions have already recognised the potential blockchain technology for financing innovation and are planning adjust regulations accordingly. others lag behind and apply restrictive approach. are sure that sooner later the former approach will prevail. neufund.org september are monitoring legislative and regulatory developments many countries and actively take part the ongoing discussion regarding regulatory treatment tokens, icos, etc. however, have consciously chosen not engage regulatory arbitrage, that looking for the most favourable country terms regulations. neufund will initially operate from germany, which offers sound legal ground for ambitious projects. remain open for developments other jurisdictions that may prove advantageous for neufund the future. however, are already able our business globally thanks our innovative legal structure see details below. platform governance organisational structure neufund functions ecosystem off-chain and on-chain organizations with legal and smart contracts that back them. the following are the entities involved operating it. fifth force fifth force the platform operator. its main task govern the platform. fifth force gmbh german company that creates and continuously develops the platform that hosts the neufund ecosystem. fifth force bears the cost developing and running the platform, which includes employee salaries and the cost legal representation. owned its founders and equity investors that have provided initial funding classical way. fifth force generates revenue from neumarks (see neumark distribution therefore the success fifth force fully aligned with the success the platform and the interests all neumark holders. fifth force currently off-chain company, managed neufund founders (see team management means among others: development and updates the code, setting fees, creating legal structure, setting the token model (see neufund token economy performing basic legal due diligence companies, etc. the off-chain status fifth force will change. one the first equity token offering events will the one fifth force. our final goal have equity fifth force fully tokenized and thus owned the community. plan for fifth force the first "neufund announces eureg report first step regulatory initiative." jul. https://blog.neufund.org/neufund-announces-eureg-report-as-first-step-in-regulatory-initiative-ccfee accessed aug. neufund.org september real-life example the concept tokenized public company (see platform operator redundancy one might also call dao-ification fifth force. once completed, fifth force token holders will able govern the company and decide its future. even further step forward could presenting neufund fully on-chain nexus smart contracts. neumark holders neumark holders are community gathered around the platform with common economic interests. they will include fifth force, investors, and any other entities that decide acquire neumarks secondary market. neumark holders are entitled certain proceeds the platform (see neumark token value which are automatically distributed pro rata. they have governance powers, least until the dao-ification fifth force takes place. company investors anyone that has acquired equity tokens becomes company investor. they have shareholder rights, exercised with the use tools delivered neufund. they can have shorter (to sell tokens other investors) longer (exit etc.) stakes the company's success. they are compensated valuation increase (secondary sale), proceeds from exit, proceeds pay-outs. all company investors together form the investment community aim not exclude anyone from the investment community. both cryptocurrency (eth) and traditional currency (eurt) investors are welcome (see fundraising companies company that seeks investment through the neufund ecosystem may principle established any jurisdiction. get such investment, the company converts part all its equity into equity tokens and offers these investors. company (distributed organization) on-chain representation company and its community company investors. provides on-chain functions raise money, establish shareholder governance, well other post-investment operations. the company may also distribute periodical proceeds payouts and proceeds company investors upon company's exit (acquisition ipo). neufund.org september neumint neumint spv (special purpose vehicle) fully controlled fifth force. its main task allow the performance investments fiat currency the platform managing and issuing euro tokens (eurt). have decided establish neumint due lack market players that offer reliable stable coin solution. however, neumint will only operate within the neufund ecosystem, and using eurt outside the platform will not possible. the future neumint may replaced external entity that offers reliable stable token solution. transparent trustee assume that legal systems will eventually recognize equity that "lives" directly the blockchain. this development already happening few progressive jurisdictions the world, with delaware the most prominent example. until sufficiently solid legal framework developed, use legal structure germany, designed specifically for that purpose. involves using separate entity under the full control the platform operator. this entity, called the transparent trustee, serves legal holder the tokenized equity companies (and thus included the company's cap table). the transparent trustee lives legal layer the neufund structure, invisible from the point view equity token holders. off-chain and on-chain solutions are used "delaware blockchain initiative: transforming the foundational ...." mar. https://corpgov.law.harvard.edu////delaware-blockchain-initiative-transforming-the-foundational-inf rastructure-of-corporate-finance/ accessed aug. neufund.org september eliminate theoretical risks from trusted third parties. transparent trustee allows the whole neufund model fully effective without awaiting future legislative changes. regulatory considerations the neufund ecosystem established and operated the jurisdiction germany. fully complies with german and regulatory requirements. below highlight key regulatory issues and our approach towards them. "neufund ico" neufund not performing "neufund ico". also not performing "sale" "crowdfunding". the aim the initial capital building mechanism (icbm) deliver liquidity the neufund platform the form commitments for future investments. none the entities within the neufund ecosystem will able use funds committed the investment community except the contributors themselves. neufund not going use any these funds, and indeed cannot (from technical perspective). icbm events are governed separate document setting forth legal terms and conditions for participation and commitment funds. functions legally binding document, published prior commencement the icbm. neumarks neumarks are fuel for the neufund platform and key element the neufund token economy the basis extensive legal analysis the german law conducted professional attorneys conclude that neumarks are not securities. are aware that questions regarding the regulatory status neumarks other jurisdictions will emerge. since cannot exclude different regulatory treatment neumarks all jurisdictions, participants from unsupported countries are not able take part the icbm event, neither through commitment cryptocurrency (eth) nor stable coin (eurt). neumark holders are bound the neumark holder agreement, which defines basic rights and obligations for them, line with the contents this whitepaper. neufund.org september equity token offerings companies technological layer, company eto involves company investors acquiring equity tokens exchange for funds (eth eurt) fully digital process. legal layer, the transparent trustee acquires shares the company and able perform all actions shareholder, instructed company token holders. company etos are governed german law. from the perspective company investors, the investment process fully digital (with entering into smart contract main step). legal layer, the transparent trustee enters into legal agreement with the company. equity tokens equity tokens are distributed company investors upon their investment company. our aim make equity token holders able exercise all crucial shareholder rights. neufund also provides infrastructure and tools make that possible practice. the interests equity token holders are ensured and protected with use traditional off-chain (e.g. legal agreements) and innovative on-chain (smart contracts) solutions. equity tokens are deemed securities under german law and numerous other jurisdictions. securities law, kyc, and anti-money-laundering regulation fully observed. for example, require kyc before any investments company acquisitions equity tokens take place. neufund.org september roadmap there are two parallel paths the neufund story. the first one about the product: building the product with all necessary features, bringing capital the platform, procuring relevant deals, producing sound token economy, and on. the second one about governance: performing gradual legal and organizational transformation make the platform operator redundant the sense transforming all legal entities into decentralized organizations ("tokenized public companies", call them). are working towards future where neufund fully owned and managed community members. build primary market for equity token neumark ether icbm starts: autumn building the capital pool the neufund platform starts with the ether phase the initial capital building mechanism (icbm). for days, until the cap reached, investors will able commit their money and receive their neumark reward (see chapter ether icbm ends and neumark trading enabled: autumn the neumark erc token. the transfer function enabled right after the ether phase the icbm ends, with the intention enable trade major exchanges. launch platform fundamentals, (neumark) eurt icbm starts: winter fundamental features the neufund platform (e.g. registration and login flows with hardware neukey support kyc processes for individuals and organizations) launch. the stable eurt token and associated neumint entity are launched and provide way commit funds the icbm and/or etos via fiat currency. existing neumark token holders may proceed with migration the platform and perform kyc for their accounts. the same time the capital buildup the platform continues. all investors may participate the eurt phase icbm where they may commit euro form eurt and rewarded with neumark that immediately tradable. neufund.org september launch primary market platform, first offerings equity tokens: winter companies start listing their offers, talk and negotiate terms with investors, proceed with etos and get funded. neufund also reveals first batch pre-selected high quality deals prepared advance. first equity token offerings completed: winter /spring first token offerings are completed: fees are distributed for the first time, neumarks are "mined" for the first time outside icbm, and eto investors become shareholders the companies they invested in, which gives them access on-chain company governance support for protocol tokens: early conditional market demand, neufund will launch support for any protocol token allowing for token offerings like that filecoin with the backing saft agreements. such support becomes possible thanks the extensible investment protocol. product milestones: years and following the launch initial version, the neufund platform expands with additional features serving both the investors and companies, e.g. follow the investor allows investors co-invest with other investors automatically investment protocol: alternative pricing mechanisms icos employ various mechanisms set the price token being sold. neufund's goal open the investment protocol and let developers add custom pricing mechanisms investment protocol: bring your own fund allows for any kind fund governance top the platform's investment protocol, including various forms tokenized funds. protocols for fund building, such melonport funds augur's prediction markets may used make investment decisions. investment protocol: bring your own company governance the platform opens its investment protocol let users build any company governance and add-ons, https://coinlist.co/currencies/filecoin/overview https://coinlist.co/static/media/protocol%labs%-%saft%for%filecoin%token%presale. def.pdf neufund.org september long they conform basic requirements for equity tokens. for example, aragon organizations perform token offerings the neufund platform. tokenized funds support for tokenized funds, where token holders are limited partners. neufund does not plan directly involved implementing governance the legal side tokenized funds, but plans expand its investment protocol enable token offerings such funds. fifth force (platform operator) redundancy fifth force the platform operator. its operations are financed via neumark reward and collecting platform fees aligns fifth force interests with other neumark holders' interests. fifth force off-chain limited liability company german gmbh incorporated berlin currently controlled its shareholders. was founded mechanism build the neufund fundraising ecosystem, however with the goal ultimately "tokenize the enterprise". the plan melt all parts the company into the community distributing its ownership, and eventually becoming dao. widespread belief that some form tokenized public company will soon become legal reality. initiatives like the delaware blockchain initiative this tokenized fifth force would still remain the platform's operators, yet with different governance model. the current default company governance (straightforward direct democracy would replaced with structures more typical for tokenized companies, like liquid democracy and elected delegates. the first step, fifth force would tokenize partially. members the community would invited govern the company together with its existing shareholders and investors. neufund's ultimate goal for fifth force managed and controlled the community with the majority votes. this point the neufund platform may elect its operational management, which would responsible for the company's executive trajectory. "delaware blockchain initiative: transforming the foundational ...." mar. https://corpgov.law.harvard.edu////delaware-blockchain-initiative-transforming-the-foundational-inf rastructure-of-corporate-finance/ accessed sep. neufund.org september reporting communication investors will commit funds the commitment page: https://commit.neufund.org welcome your questions, concerns, and comments this whitepaper specifically, and regarding neufund general. please track our progress get touch using the following channels: neufund slack channel: https://neufund/slack neufund subreddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/neufund/ neufund blog: https://blog.neufund.org neufund facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/neufundorg neufund twitter account: https://twitter.com/neufundorg neufund.org september team advisors meet our founders zoe adamovicz, ceo, marcin rudolf, cto and andre eggert, legal architect neufund, well remco bloemen, blockchain architect. team zoe adamovicz ceo co-founder neufund zoe adamovicz entrepreneur and occasional angel investor. zoe passionate about building technology businesses that are impactful, positive and the same time profitable and powerful. prior neufund, she founded xyo, company that re-imagines how people discover apps, priori data (app store intelligence), and concise software which provides software development and engineering services. she also mentor the gaza sky geeks, where she supports technology entrepreneurship the challenging area the gaza strip and helps introduce blockchain. zoe expert technology entrepreneurship and venture capital. marcin rudolf cto co-founder neufund marcin currently leads the technology development neufund. has been tracking the development blockchain technology for the past years. before joining neufund, led the technology development the app search engine xyo. has been developer and team leader projects involving messaging and telecommunication (orange), cryptography and mobile devices (jamba music), well insurance and government (fiat, hewlett-packard). neufund.org september andre eggert legal architect shareholder neufund andre eggert partner lacore. advises companies and entrepreneurs well investors. one his core activities the support m&a and financing transactions. andre has special knowledge the areas private equity financing and quasi-equity instruments. his focus is, moreover, negotiating and drafting joint venture and cooperation agreements. possesses relevant experience resulting from his involvement wide range international transactions with parties from the anglo-american specific legal system. additionally, possesses expertise the technology and entertainment industries. you can see the rest our team here neufund.org september advisors fabian vogelsteller ethereum and mist developer fabian vogelsteller became interested web technologies the age developed skill set from graphic design coding php python, actionscript, objective html, css and fell love with javascript. worked freelance web developer for over years and the creator the open source feindura flat file cms. fabian strong advocate open-source software and has built and contributed lot open-source libraries and projects and wrote book meteor.js open source javascript framework. his interest cryptocurrencies like bitcoin led him part one the most ambitious blockchain projects date, the ethereum project. for almost two years has worked the lead dapp developer for the ethereum project, building the low-level javascript api, dapps and ethereum's wallet and the mist browser. michael jackson partner mangrove capital board director blockchain.com michael jackson board director blockchain.com and partner mangrove capital partners. started his career monsanto and went manage the supply chain and logistics business consulting practice arthur andersen and then ernst young. pioneered early-stage investment from western vcs russia. his sectors interests revolve around consumer internet and e-commerce across europe, scouting for startups that involve essential shift disruption technology, business model consumer behavior. open-minded and curious nature, enjoys travelling and discovering different cultures, which makes him keen developing business connections new and sometimes untapped geographies. currently serves the boards lesara, kupivip, redpoints, synerscope, enigma, and the mangrove foundation. michael holds bachelor's degree nautical sciences from the antwerp maritime academy and master international business and management with high honors from the brussels management school. belgian national, speaks french, english, dutch and german. neufund.org september julian zawistowski ceo and founder golem julian economist trade, fascinated with blockchain technology, well sociology and the economics decentralised systems. the past, julian served consultant and researcher public policies with background public economics, the framing which finds very useful for understanding decentralised systems. adam stradling crypto investor and entrepreneur former co-founder bitcoin.com adam financial technology entrepreneur who pioneered the development bitcoin and related blockchain technologies. during and cofounded and operated bitcoin.com/tradehill wherein they sold/traded million plus bitcoins (now worth billions usd). since then has been advisor, investor, and consultant for many bitcoin and blockchain companies and systems like ethereum, factom, siacoin, bitnexo, and others. over the years his works have been chronicled cnn, fox news, and hundreds other media outlets. before adam became entrepreneur worked the banking and financial services industry consultant/researcher covering financial technology and risk management. notably, worked with the financial risk consulting group ernst and young (ey) and also sold the investment research and technology services evalueserve (quant focus). was the co-founder and steering committee member chile's national prmia chapter and has been content contributor garp (global association risk professionals). adam received his bachelor science materials engineering from rensselaer polytechnic institute troy, ny. neufund.org september max kordek president lisk foundation max kordek co-founder lisk and the president the lisk foundation. futurist and thoroughbred entrepreneur interested disruptive technologies, co-founded the platform after seeing the potential blockchain-based applications. caused stir early when collected btc its crowd fund. max also the director the lightcurve gmbh, rapidly expanding blockchain consultancy. max immersed himself the global startup community from young age, beginning just over the past several years, max has become active participant and industry leader the blockchain and cryptocurrency industry, gaining invaluable knowledge bitcoin and altcoins. christophe maire ceo and founder atlantic labs christophe has more than years experience founder and ceo technology ventures. founded gate which sold nokia christophe since co-founded number companies with global reach, such plazes.com (nokia), txtr.com recently medigo.com, mimi.io, and blloon.com. angel investor, christophe was involved brandsfriends (ebay), studivz (hb), plista (groupm), readmill (dropbox), amongst others. (christophe was named best "european seed investor" both and techcrunch. serves the board eyeem, klara and soundcloud. pawel bylica ethereum core developer experienced c++ and python software engineer. ethereum core developer. also involved golem network project ethereum specialist. neufund.org september alexander lange earlybird board member shapeshift alex passionate venture investor and crypto enthusiast since early graduated german law (with honors) and economics. after very short career law latham watkins and schindhelm joined google/dailydeal and fintech software company pepperbill business development roles for years. side role advised young startups data protection commissioner what led his initial interest bitcoin and the crypto economy. became early stage heilemann ventures which merged with earlybird january ever since backed companies multiple rounds and serves the boards crossengage and shapeshift. contributes the ecosystem hosting blockchain related events, public speaking and regular publications. minh duong investment manager project ventures technology enthusiast and investment manager project ventures. having studied industrial engineering and management, has been exploring the intersection technological innovations and business implications for the last years. through roles marketing, business development, and strategy companies like google, techstars, and several startups, learned what makes digital business models successful and now applying this knowledge the venture capital industry. project covers startups many technical areas including machine learning, blockchain, and developer tools. known for open-sourcing his research and data european startups and for being more and more fascinated the crypto economy and its societal implications. believer communities, acts mentor techstars, and occasionally supports startups advisory capacity. neufund.org september