white paper this document does not give personal legal financial advice. you are strongly encouraged seek your own professional legal and financial advice. the neuromation neurotoken white paper (hereinafter 'the white paper', 'the document') presented for informational purposes only. nothing the document shall construed offer sell buy securities any jurisdiction, solicitation for investment, investment advice. the document does not regulate any sale and purchase the neurotoken (as referred the white paper). the sale and purchase the neurotoken governed the terms and conditions. several estimates, phrases and conclusions incorporated the white paper constitute forward-looking statements. such statements information concern matters that involve uncertainties and risks, which may result material differences from the results anticipated. the white paper may updated altered, with the latest version the document prevailing over previous versions and are not obliged give you any notice the fact content any changes. the latest version the white paper english available the website https://neuromation.io/en/. while make every effort ensure that all data submitted the white paper accurate and date the point time that the relevant version has been disseminated, the proposed document alternative consulting independent party opinion. the white paper and the related documents may translated into languages other than english. should conflict inconsistency arise between the english language version and foreign language version, the english language version the document shall govern and prevail. the white paper does not constitute agreement that binds neuromation. neuromation, its directors, officers, employees and associates does not warrant assume any legal liability arising out related the accuracy, reliability, completeness any material contained the white paper. the fullest extent permitted any applicable law any jurisdiction, neuromation shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses, arising out connection with the white paper including but not limited to: loss revenue, income profits, and loss data. persons who intend purchase neurotokens, should seek the advice independent experts before committing any action, set out the white paper. you not have the legal right participate the neurotoken digital asset public sale you are citizen, resident (tax otherwise), green card holder the united states america (including puerto rico, virgin islands, and any other protectorate the united states) other representatives the united states any jurisdiction whether the issue neurotokens would illegal subject any requirement for registration, licensing lock-up. representative the united states" means naturalized person resident any those jurisdictions any institution, organized registered accordance with the laws any those jurisdictions. citizens living abroad may also deemed "us representatives" under certain conditions. according the laws the united states, citizens the united states living abroad can also considered "us representatives" under certain conditions. www.neuromation.io you agree that you purchase, receive and hold the neurotokens your own risk and that the neurotokens are provided 'as is' basis without warranties any kind, either express implied. your responsibility determine you are legally allowed purchase the neurotokens your jurisdiction and whether you can then resell the neurotokens another purchaser any given jurisdiction. you bear the sole responsibility for determining assessing the tax implications your participation the crowdsale, purchasing, receiving and holding the neurotokens all respects and any relevant jurisdiction. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information provided this white paper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the regulatory status tokens and distributed ledger technology unclear unsettled many jurisdictions. difficult predict how whether regulatory agencies may apply existing regulation with respect such technology and its applications, including the neuromation platform and neurotokens. likewise difficult predict how whether legislatures regulatory agencies may implement changes law and regulation affecting distributed ledger technology and its applications, including the neuromation platform and neurotokens. regulatory actions could negatively impact the neuromation platform and neurotokens various ways, including, for purposes illustration only, through determination that the purchase, sale and delivery neurotokens constitutes unlawful activity that neurotokens are regulated instrument that requires registration, the licensing some all the parties involved the purchase, sale and delivery thereof. the neuromation platform may cease operations jurisdiction the event that regulatory actions, changes law regulation, make illegal operate such jurisdiction, commercially undesirable obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) operate such jurisdiction. given that neurotoken based the ethereum protocol, any malfunction, breakdown abandonment the ethereum protocol may have material adverse effect neurotoken. moreover, advances cryptography, technical advances such the development quantum computing, could present risks neurotokens and the neuromation platform, including the utility neurotokens, rendering ineffective the cryptographic consensus mechanism that underpins the ethereum protocol. with other decentralized cryptographic tokens based the ethereum protocol, neurotoken susceptible attacks miners the course validating neurotoken transactions the ethereum blockchain, including, but not limited, double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks, and selfish-mining attacks. any successful attacks present risk the neuromation platform, neurotokens, including, but not limited to, accurate execution and recording transactions involving neurotokens. www.neuromation.io introduction neuromation platform neuromation platform pillars neural networks deep learning synthetic data distributed computing machine learning models domains applications team neuromation business model road map token sale token economics www.neuromation.io artificial intelligence (ai) seeing another spring and becoming ubiquitous part society. researchers and engineers have made important steps towards solving practical problems machine learning, particularly such applications vision, speech, machine translation, and decision making. due technological advancements coupled with progress research and innovation, quickly becoming part every company's operations. this progress brings its own challenges, such supply sufficient talent, resources, and data. the most pressing problem the availability well-labeled data support the supervised learning process. even when unstructured data abundant, converting labeled dataset extremely laborious and costly process. there need address the challenges practical adoption wholesale platform level. until this done, most businesses will struggling adopt ai. due the disparity resources and focus among companies, will continue see widening gap between early adopters and legacy operators, putting the latter extreme strategic disadvantage. neuromation offers unique solution that unites market resources, the scientific community, and commercial and private entities into integrated marketplace the neuromation platform. address the most critical issue, neuromation focuses synthetic datasets that have been proven yield compelling results. using synthetic datasets machine learning will further decrease the cost of--and will ease--widespread adoption. www.neuromation.io the ecosystem founded upon three pillars: datasets large datasets structured (unstructured) data used for deep learning algorithms learn specific task. computing power standalone server farm interconnected gpus designed provide the necessary framework for training models with existing datasets achieve the objective. machine learning models set algorithms designed process datasets the neuromation platform environment. each these domains poses unique set challenges for both the supply and demand side the ecosystem. neuromation offers new and effective approach connecting supply and demand for each these domains marketplace, bringing together competencies researchers, engineers, and designers and connecting them with commercial sector companies. distributed computing power synthetic data sets machine learning models www.neuromation.io are building critical component the budding eco-system and plan capitalize the first-mover advantage: the neuromation platform provides exchange and ecosystem where participants can either contribute purchase the components model. the neuromation platform will use distributed computing along with blockchain proof work tokens revolutionize model development. will combine all the components necessary build deep learning solutions with synthetic data one place. platform service providers, commercial private, will provide specific resources for the execution and development synthetic data sets, distributed computing services, and machine learning models, addressing the "three pillars" the previous slide. each executed service (data set generation, model computation) sold data piece (dataset, data generator) accommodated reward, numerated our currency, neurotoken. the neuromation platform will running auction model that allows customers negotiate prices directly with service providers. imagine place where you can and easily address all requests acquire capability. vendor will create the data generator for you, then group neuromation nodes will use the generator quickly create massive virtual data set. you can then select set deep learning architectures train that data. then another group neuromation nodes will the training record time! www.neuromation.io www.neuromation.io www.neuromation.io the neuromation platform will combine technological and business elements efficiently train large-scale deep learning systems synthetic data. create data generator order data set from the data generator define deep learning model import the model (e.g., clone tensorflow code) order training selected data set request data labeling repository data sets for deep learning repository data generators data sets (marketplace) purchase tokens registration use provide processing power registration use and provide services download and install neuromation node software user data user models request custom model from the marketplace repository deep learning models (marketplace) www.neuromation.io node analysis (processing price floor minimum amount neuro tokens accepted per computing unit. node efficiency limit based bandwidth processing power storage) distributed data generation package distributed learning package node synchronization middleware enables efficient matching buying and selling orders for datasets, models, labeling services enables liquidity the system that prices across the assets are conducive scaling the system www.neuromation.io all value exchange operations the neuromation platform will use neurotokens. the price for each service will determined the aggregate setting the neuromation nodes (price per unit computation). each node will have minimum token price-floor setting. the minimal price floor can also adjusted dynamically via algorithm that will maximize the total tokens earned for the node. the neuromation platform will determine the resources required for each requested task and select the most efficient node pool (minimizing price for the customer). between nodes "sniffing" out the market and customers hunting for the most efficient price, the platform will find equilibrium supply and demand. order transact the neuromation platform, client will need buy neurotokens. simplify the purchase mechanics, neuromation will provide client portal that will make neurotoken purchase one-click process. www.neuromation.io www.neuromation.io deep learning employs artificial neural networks extremely large size; training such networks often requires vast datasets with highly accurate labeling. collecting large datasets images, text, sound easy, but describing and annotating data make usable has traditionally been challenging and costly. crowdsourcing was applied the problem dataset collection and labeling few years ago, employing large numbers humans provide much needed annotations and improve label accuracy. proved slow and expensive, and introduced human bias. propose solution where accuracy guaranteed construction: synthesizing large datasets along with perfectly accurate labels. the benefits synthetic data are manifold. fast synthesize and render, perfectly accurate, tailored for the task hand, and can modified improve the model and training itself. industry already using synthetic data some degree, but its utility limited. there currently general tool set available that can help use synthetic data scale. the neuromation platform will change that. www.neuromation.io ten years ago, machine learning went through revolution. while neural networks are one the oldest paradigms artificial intelligence, researchers and practitioners have been unable train large-scale deep neural networks reliably and efficiently until due the new insights from geoffrey hinton, yoshua bengio, and yann lecun, neural architectures quickly became the state-of-the-art image processing, speech recognition, and natural language processing, leading breakthrough results machine learning redefining artificial neural networks deep learning. today, deep learning the lingua franca machine learning, spanning domains from biometrics and self-driving cars playing and synthesizing speech. the basic building block neural network the perceptron, simple mathematical model neuron first proposed frank rosenblatt perceptron computes weighted sum its inputs (dendrites biological neurons), whose weights represent model parameters learned, followed nonlinear activation function. the neural network itself large composition perceptrons, whose parameters can jointly optimized using gradient descent computed backpropagation, technique first proposed the and brought full generality the www.neuromation.io the compositional structure neural networks allows for parallelization both the training and inference such models. parallel processing the networks' layers advanced gpu-based computational paradigms, leading breakthroughs high-performance computing. currently virtually all industrial applications neural networks are trained and run gpus, and the next jump efficiency will involve specialized hardware such google's tpu and other embedded hardware platforms. even the simplest neural architectures, e.g., two-layer feedforward network, are known universal approximators they have the theoretical ability approximate any given mathematical function. turn, complex neural networks must have sufficient expressive power (capacity). when trying efficiently train deep neural networks with large capacity, one quickly arrives problem: "where find lot well labeled data?" and "how noisy are the labels?" this problem solved the neuromation platform. www.neuromation.io one the most important problems modern deep learning where get data. common neural architectures are usually intended for supervised learning, training solve specific classification regression problem labeled dataset. there are techniques for unsupervised learning within the deep learning framework (e.g., with stacks restricted boltzmann machines, generative adversarial networks) and approaches convert unsupervised feature extraction into supervised problem (via autoencoders). however, fine-tuning with supervised datasets still required. lot effort modern deep learning research goes into transfer learning (reusing trained models for other tasks similar data), domain adaptation (reusing trained models for similar tasks datasets with different properties) and one-shot learning (using handful training samples learn new class once the network has trained other classes), but these efforts are still far from mainstream. for the data, while often easy get virtually unlimited dataset unlabeled samples (e.g., random photos off the internet human speech records), very laborious and expensive label such data manually. for the last few years, crowdsourcing has been virtually the only way create and label datasets, employing large numbers people correct mistakes and improve accuracy. proved slow and expensive and introduced human bias. average retail set has items. deep needs thousands labeled photo examples for each item. doing this hand would take years. moreover, some data (e.g., per pixel depth values images) virtually impossible label humans (we are not good absolute depth perception) and sophisticated methods and tools are required obtain the ground truth (accurate labels). www.neuromation.io propose solution where perfect label quality guaranteed construction: synthesizing large datasets along with perfectly accurate labels artificially. the benefits synthetic data are manifold: once the environment ready, fast and cheap create much data needed; the data perfectly accurate and tailor-made for the task hand, with labeling that might impossible obtain hand (for example, illumination map the environment depth values); can modified improve the model and training, constant feedback loop between the model and the synthetic environment. our solution, synthetic data used for training, and small validation set comprised real, manually labeled data. essence, this makes using synthetic data for transfer learning problem: need reuse models trained one kind dataset (synthetic) and apply them another kind dataset (actual images). our approach, however, has several important advantages that greatly simplify transfer learning this case. first, the synthetic training dataset not given part the problem but rather generated can and try make match real data. data the new oil. getting new hand-labeled datasets like finding new oil deposits. synthetic data like cheap and ubiquitous synthetic oil. second, even more importantly, the above-mentioned feedback loop between the model and the dataset makes much simpler perform transfer learning: are able tune not only the model but also the training set, luxury seldom available machine learning practitioners. www.neuromation.io current application this approach, use state the art object detection and image segmentation models recognize objects the shelves grocery store supermarket. the objects include food items such bottles soft drinks (pepsi/mirinda), cartons juice, packs potato chips, etc. this specific application particularly interesting for training models synthetic data. the objects themselves are relatively easy render: pepsi bottle makes for much simpler model than human face. sufficient hand-labeled data very hard obtain due the following reasons: large-scale food companies such pepsico may have thousands different items and these catalogues change frequently; the objective able recognize these objects photos supermarket shelves with hundreds items each; hand-labeling even one such photo laborious process, while millions them are needed; high-quality learning also requires massive null set labeled objects that are similar ones being learned but not identical them; typically the training set. www.neuromation.io have trained several different models for object recognition (ssd, yolo, fast(er) r-cnn), object segmentation (segnet, fcn for segmentation), and are currently working implementation mask r-cnn for instance segmentation. all these models contain convolutional network that does the bulk feature extraction work from the image and differ the extra layers top these features that capture the actual semantics and produce class labels, bounding box candidates, segmentation, and other outputs. have already obtained excellent object recognition results both synthetic test sets (which would expected) and test sets with real photographs (which encouraging and serves proof concept). further work, plan improve synthetic data-generation pipelines with machine learning algorithms, leading true active learning framework: synthetic data used improve model that verified real data, while the same time the learned model improves the synthetic generation pipeline further benefit learning. www.neuromation.io the deficiency computing power required scale synthetic dataset generation the key impediment for widespread adoption. the neuromation platform has economically viable proposition the crypto-currency miners that would attract their computing resources and help resolve the problem. background: crypto-miners are facing pressure from the ever-decreasing efficiency their proof work computations required mine ether other coins. growing competition, consolidation the miner pools and increasing demand for the computing power and resources will soon prevent many smaller miners from keeping their efforts economically feasible. neuromation economic incentive for miners: want miners have options. addition their existing mining software they can load neuromation computation node. when neuromation task available each node can bid participate. the node wins the bid will switch computing power from mining ether other coin task the neuromation blockchain platform. the node will generate synthetic data train deep learning model. reward the miner will receive our neurotokens. once the task complete the neuromation node will exit and the miner will proceed mining crypto. initially our neurotokens will extending ether, but later plan migrate our own blockchain, once the neuromation platform economy matures. our preliminary estimates indicate that miners will earn times more mining neurotokens versus mining crypto currency. miners will not engaged neuromation tasks the time will efficiency boost the existing set up. you can see the difference effective yield below for similarly configured rigs, one running crypto currency mining algorithm and one running deep learning data rendering tasks. type computing yield/time ether mining usd/day amazon deep learning usd/hour www.neuromation.io there are many publicly available models: vgg, googlenet, and resnet for computer vision, wavenet for audio, and on. they come variety frameworks and libraries: tensorflow, caffe, torch, pytorch, theano, keras etc.; converters exist between the frameworks. the neuromation platform will support all major deep learning and automated differentiation frameworks and libraries and provide support for major off-the-shelf pretrained model formats. training results will made available for the user download. moreover, models can compressed speed response times allow using them mobile devices. common model compression tools include: after (large) model has finished training, many its layers often prove superfluous and can removed, compressing the network factor this especially applies very deep computer vision networks based residual connections; this technique known model distillation; some networks, called mobile nets, are designed from the ground small (e.g., squeezenet computer vision). requests for custom models and architectures. existing models and tools are not sufficient for the given applications, customers can request custom model design for specific problem. this request will posted the neuromation exchange and will filled either neuromation experts other certified suppliers. www.neuromation.io our strategy not develop our platform isolation, but work with partners select industries order try bring our vision organically life. are developing "neuromation labs" that would develop synthetic data and train deep learning models live applications. each "lab" will study specific problem partnership with category leader. our platform fleshed out, will moving parts generation and training there, allowing organically test parts our vision real-life scenarios. the labs will seed the neuromation platform market with initial data generators and data sets. will also encourage our labs partners provide further services through the platform, thus building the initial market. have already launched two labs and have more progress. working off real-world examples allows generalize similar approaches across industries and incorporate those approaches into our platform making more powerful with each lab. neuromation model example classifying merchandise supermarket shelves electricity transformed almost everything years ago, today actually think the new electricity [slightly paraphrased] andrew www.neuromation.io neuromation has partnered with some the industry's leading brands solve the problem finding consumer goods store shelves. using synthetic data every product, are able create large perfectly labeled datasets for hundreds thousands skus the retail industry. deep learning vision algorithms trained these massive data sets are able efficiently analyze and label shelf availability, percentage the shelf, layout accuracy, and other metrics. (live) our retail technology lab the first live the field with select partners the markets europe, middle east, north america, and south america. ideally every shelf will feed constant stream analytic data our retail partners. using our synthetic data approach, are able retrain analytic models quickly and accurately, making for retail agile and useful for multitude applications. synthetic data example procedurally generated store shelves: exponential growth projected continue for the store inventory and logistics robotics market. www.neuromation.io (live) what especially fascinating that only about month working the inventory recognition problem have achieved accuracy, result others have spent years effort and millions dollars on. significantly, the model performs well real-life data without seeing anything but synthetic datasets during training. this breakthrough proves the viability and efficiency our approach. with neuromation platform, the gateway easy training scale will finally opened. (breakthrough) model taught synthetic data recognizes real data. the potential demand for image recognition alone the retail industry enormous. fact, customer interactions retail will managed artificial intelligence, according gartner. amounts more than billion images per year, according ecr research the biggest retailers and suppliers. going further, plan create datasets that mimic human interaction with the shelf. will able track customer flow and intent, creating full simulator the retail store, with multitude possible applications. www.neuromation.io typical difficulty with industrial environments the highly dynamic nature performed tasks. models have agile enough work with dynamic real-time data with high-precision output. this processing done the fly (sometimes literally some tasks are done flying drones). real time datasets cannot built fast enough dynamic environment timely process and output such datasets. the answer this problem the neuromation platform which can procedurally create virtual environments where the models would trained. once the models are trained these virtual sandboxes they can quickly calibrated real data. agile hypothesis testing becomes possible. neuromation plans open enterprise automation lab where the synthetic data approach will help implement solutions manufacturing, supply-chain, financial services and agricultural industries, name just few. www.neuromation.io there are plenty interesting targets for the neuromation approach pharma medicine biotech. general, any problem where construction easier than recognition (output easy calculate from input, but the reverse hard, like hash function computer science) will yield well our synthetic data approach. estimate that lot hypothesis-building drug discovery and biological system dynamics can handled with deep learning models. kick off this lab, have partnered with leading provider infant monitoring solutions. x:; x:,; x:; x:; x:; y:- will jointly developing smart camera that will send alerts when the baby has switched positions, changed breathing pattern, woken up, etc. neuromation plans open other labs partnership with industry. our strategy have partner every domain. www.neuromation.io max prasolov ceo fedor savchenko cto sergey nikolenko chief research officer constantine goltsev investor chairman long-time entrepreneur, senior manager and producer for the past years, maxim has produced more than animated commercials, movies, commercial and industrial applications, and computer games. has worked with international retail and industrial brands such unilever, yukos, tpe, metro cash carry, severstal group, ferrexpo, commercial banks, and investment and insurance companies. maxim was member the ipo team ferrexpo, the biggest iron ore producer ukraine, which was listed the london stock exchange. since has been investing drone development, ai, and augmented reality multimedia start-ups. fedor has more than years experience leading complex software development projects with emphasis computer graphics, engines, cgi production and environments. holds degrees both mathematics and graphic design. this unique perspective allows him build software that manages functional and beautiful the same time. innovator who always the cutting edge the latest trends. researcher the steklov mathematical institute st. petersburg the field machine learning (deep learning, bayesian methods, natural language processing, and more) and analysis algorithms (network algorithms, competitive analysis), sergey has authored more than research papers, several books, courses machine learning, "deep learning," and other publications. has extensive experience with various industrial projects, including neuromation, solidopinion, surfingbird, and deloitte analytics institute. serial entrepreneur and online advertising industry veteran, constantine has more than years experience software and product development. the former ceo and founder the pioneering video advertising network adotube, which grew employees, selling markets with offices worldwide. adotube subsequently was sold exponential interactive. founder and the president solidopinion company that has innovated engagement online communities around content and commenting. www.neuromation.io denis popov chief information officer kyryl truskovskyi lead researcher denis has over years software engineering experience and has led large technical projects from inception completion. has served cto, csa, engineering and adviser dozens successful projects and startups. denis has expertise the management technical processes and high-volume concurrency, big data storage, and real-time data analysis. denis was technical lead the facial recognition company viewdle, which was acquired google. kyryl has over four years experience the field machine learning. for the bulk this time has been engaged helping build startups from inception. has developed expertise selecting and implementing full architecture and large-scale solutions. kyryl has strong mathematical background and passion for research that has prompted him pursue academic path present and currently ph.d student computer science. esther professional with years activity major markets with focus biotech and fin-tech. she the former head jacob peres office, leading agency israel. esther early cryptocurrency adopter and blockchain enthusiast. she lives and works israel. esther katzi communication www.neuromation.io andrew rabinovich adviser david orban adviser yuri kundin token sale compliance adviser world leading scientist deep learning and computer vision research. andrew has been studying machine learning with emphasis computer vision for over years. the author numerous patents and peer-reviewed publications. founded biotechnology startup that was subsequently acquired. andrew received phd computer science from the university california, san diego worked for years leading r&d position google, magic leap where currently director deep learning. david the founder and managing partner network society ventures, seed stage global investment firm focused innovative ventures the intersection exponential technologies and decentralized networks. entrepreneur, visionary, guru, author, blogger, keynote speaker, and thought leader the global technology landscape. his entrepreneurial accomplishments span several companies founded and grown over more than twenty years. david the founder and trustee network society research, london-based global think tank. yuri kundin the director kpmg us, san francisco office with specialization risk and compliance advisory services. yuri has over years experience advising regulatory compliance matters, address requirements various agencies: sec, occ, fdic well monetary authority singapore, hong kong monetary authority, and the russian central bank. lately yuri has been specializing developing frameworks for risk, compliance and attestation blockchain, cryptocurrency and token sale ecosystems. www.neuromation.io neuromation platform intends premier destination for services for the world's businesses. project around mln usd gross transactions the platform. from each transaction neuromation will take commission ranging from depending the type service received through the platform. anticipate the platform usage grow from year from project the neuromation platform generate over yearly revenue from commissions three years. estimated platform activity breakdown (*disclaimer) job the platform create data generator price eth price neurotoken price usd time weeks generate data units) day model training days data labeling set) day data set sales model sales platform expected activity transactions volume (*disclaimer) expected jobs vol. eth vol. neurotoken vol. usd data labeling set) data set sales job the platform create data generator generate units) model training model sales total these numbers are estimates and may vary substantially from real performance www.neuromation.io through neuromation labs partner with industry leaders spearhead solutions with them. neuromation makes money selling api (saas) data the industry partner. examples: retail lab our retail lab have partnered with osa (http://osahp.com/en/) and ecr (http://ecr-all.org/?lang=en) supply item synthetic retail data set for eastern europe. the contract involves building deep learning models that can recognize the objects the shelves and integral part osa analytics. the contract potential over euro over months time frame. here example the model deployment mobile device: https://youtu.be/qokgwqkosu medical devices lab our medical devices lab have partnered with monbaby (https://monbaby.com/), leading infant tracking technology provider, create smart camera augment their existing offering. the camera will tracking motion the child and giving their caretakers valuable analytics. neuromation will receiving revenue share from each sold device. revenue potential euros over the next few years. other labs several other labs are slated open early these industry partnerships should give neuromation additional revenue opportunities. our overall expectation that would making around our total revenues through neuromation labs partnerships. www.neuromation.io team building seed round completed. work started launch r&d retail lab test synthetic data hypothesis proof hypothesis synthetic data finished. retail synthetic data generator proven. model development complete accuracy reached.). marketing and first sales retail clients. token sale preparation. neuromation token sale. neuromation platform launched with gpu capacity deployed. medical devices lab started. active sales and marketing neuromation platform. neuro tokens are tradable exchanges. industrial automation lab started. neuromation platform launched with gpu capacity deployed. neuro token will migrate its own blockchain. neuromation platform launched with gpu capacity deployed. beyond expect neuromation become definitive destination for businesses develop their capability. our neurotokens are the primary exchange mechanism enabling synthetic data generation, distributed model training, data labeling and other services. envision being global resource pool for synthetic data. ever growing library that would have data sets for every conceivable use case. tie service providers into the platform, neuromation will enabling ecosystem for all ai. www.neuromation.io www.neuromation.io estonia. neuromation compliant with estonian crowdfunding laws. neurotokens minted: (will not mint more) issued token sale: total available ,,. neuromation will burn unsold tokens. token burn: (neuromation will burn the tokens over the next years and decrease token supply) the token sale the team partners liquidity reserve researchers price per neurotoken eth least for platform development liquidity reserve (prepay for server capacity) for and marketing neuromation service partners advisers early backers presale (register here find out ether neurotokens bonus percentage) ether neurotokens first week neurotokens ether neurotokens second week neurotokens ether neurotokens third week neurotokens ether neurotokens www.neuromation.io tokens minted token emission (*) eth eth tokens minted available ico available token sale volume usd volume eth reserve all tokens available pool unsold during token sale will burned. nominal token price: estimated platform activity breakdown (*disclaimer) job the platform create data generator price eth price neurotoken price usd time weeks generate data units) day model training days data labeling set) day data set sales model sales platform expected activity transactions volume (*disclaimer) expected jobs vol. eth vol. neurotoken vol. usd data labeling set) data set sales job the platform create data generator generate data units) model training model sales total these numbers are estimates and may vary substantially from real performance www.neuromation.io (*disclaimer) neurotoken demand neurotoken demand neurotoken demand tokens burned circulation total available demands for tokens supply demands for tokens supply demands for tokens supply assumes tokens sold the token sale with our token burning policy neurotoken demand neuromation platform expected times the available token supply the end these numbers are estimates and may vary substantially from real performance www.neuromation.io