neverdie ethereum blockchain gaming ico initial coin offering inter-operable, decentralized, trillion dollar virtual economy. participate #gamechanger the dual neverdie coin teleport token neverdie phase initial coin offering neverdie coin teleport token section the neverdie initial coin offering (ico) section introduction, decentralization and transparency section neverdie decentralization schematic/smart contracts section the system neverdie coin teleport functionality section neverdie virtual infrastructure schematic section global challenges/gamified jobs basic income section revenue split global economic incentives section neverdie division the united states blockchain section teleport division double coin offer section api payatar wallet development section the neverdie sdk/api system schematic section game mechanics billion jobs virtual reality section the government fund usage breakdown section developments roadmap section neverdie press coverage section job creation with teleportation infographic section ico rules information section neverdie coin/teleport token ico bonuses copyright (c) neverdie studios, universal studios and the ethereum foundation. information contained with this document provided good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. third party market research provided copyright their respective organizations and based data collected verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation security, accreditations, certification, ip, patents and trademarks. you have question challenge jon jacobs how monetise the neverdie coin? #gamechanger the neverdie iinitial coin offering (ico) virtual reality infrastructure the virtual reality infrastructure are all familiar with includes graphic engines, physics engines, graphics cards, headsets, server farms, etc. but what that really amounts to, the technology create the illusion virtual reality. this technology allows developers create environments that can experience first person. bring virtual reality life, must populated with simulations that can interact with, this can best described game design. well designed mmorpg's bring virtual reality life and allow become deeply engaged the illusion. most mmorpg's feature well developed character development systems and economic models support the illusion progression one plays. the economic models within mmorpgs' often feature infrastructure that either free use requires game currency items utilize. fantasy realm for example, magic portals may provide the fastest route between two distant zones. players may need loot craft items use the portals otherwise trade with other players get them. magic portal system, which essential for connecting distant zones plains inside vast virtual world, could described infrastructure without which might very difficult play the pace desire. good example this type infrastructure the real world are the railroads, building railroads across america for example was essential for the development the nation and the economy and continues after over one hundred and eighty-five years the primary means moving freight across the nation. https://www.aar.org/backgroundpapers/economic%impact%of%us%freight%railroads.pdf the majority mmorpgs feature some type infrastructure that fundamental the economy the game least the ease play. because the fragmented approach online game development, there infrastructure that bridges virtual worlds and games. move from one game another you must exit the game into reality and the log into new game. create interoperable virtual goods economy that will fully utilize the breakthrough technology the ethereum blockchain which provides infrastructure support new digital universe must adopt gamified infrastructure that will provide the foundation for interconnected game worlds. gamified layer the ethereum blockchain that will utilize universal tokens. copyright (c) neverdie studios, universal studios and the ethereum foundation. information contained with this document provided good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. third party market research provided copyright their respective organizations and based data collected verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation security, accreditations, certification, ip, patents and trademarks. worldwide introduction "how many coins will issue point launch and how many total overall?" nation gamers." jon neverdie jacobs million coins will issued launch and million coins total circulation. decentralization transparency rocktropia zombie biker background vitual reality gaming and cyber currency economies the bbs (bulletin board system) was precursor the internet and one the more popular applications was the mud multi-user dungeon. traditional muds implement role-playing game set fantasy world populated fictional races and monsters, with players choosing classes gain specific skills powers. the objective this sort game slay monsters, explore fantasy world, complete quests, adventures, accumulate gold and useful items, and generally advance the player character. virtual economies developed organically muds users placed value the time and skill required acquire currency and items. millions gamers worldwide with the expansion the internet and the rise the mmorpg (massive multi-player online roleplaying game) virtual economies driven hunter gatherer models immediately boomed and spilled out from inside the game worlds where the play currency held fictional value the internet and auction sites like ebay where users could assign fiat currency value the virtual items, labor and avatar skills required collect them. the global secondary market defined real money trading between players turnover was estimated billion dollars and has grown tens billions dollars the number mmorpg gamers has grown globally upwards million+ based reports www.newzoo.com securely trading virtual goods for real currency has presented many technical challenges over the last two decades with most transactions requiring trust middle men ensure fair exchange. these obstacles have tempered the growth virtual goods economies and the closed economies the mmorpg's virtual worlds themselves have placed major limitations the potential demand for individual items. cryptocurrencies have always been central the virtual economies, but have always been centralized and have suffered from the need for trust middlemen when exchanges are conducted outside the games themselves. the virtual goods market the development bitcoin and the blockchains has now provided solution the challenge securely trading virtual currencies peer peer and now with ethereum comes the ability tokenize virtual goods alongside virtual currencies, which will finally set the million usd virtual goods black market free and lead trustable, de-centralized virtual goods economies unprecedented proportions. challenges inter-operable bust! the biggest hurdle facilitating the expansion virtual goods economies their full potential the blockchain fragmented game design. fragmentation will lead the creation tokenized items that will only have value the games they are designed for, which will limit the potential market for the labor required loot manufacture the items. this would like making car watch that only works france and simply useless germany. take for granted the real world that apple apple regardless which country the world you are and that will provide nutritional value wherever you eat it. achieve this same consensus virtual and digital worlds which will provide the foundation for truly global virtual goods economy must find common ground between game developers and users build upon while the same time avoiding unnecessary restriction. *researchgate. smart contracts "virtual worlds have evolved become very sophisticated users have attached significant emotional and financial value their avatars." decentralization and tranparency organic demand for fair play social structure and politics inside mmorpgs and virtual worlds has evolved become very sophisticated users have attached significant emotional and financial value their avatars, virtual goods and even their home worlds. result, there increased demand for transparency game design and balancing, also decentralization loot pools and the need for democratic management assets and development. these needs can now addressed with smart contracts the ethereum blockchain. example schematic: smart monster contract this one example multitude open source smart contracts that will beb created facilitate turn-key translation game actions the blockchain. features: open source fully integrated into neverdie api sdk smart contract templates provided for developers completely transparent decentralized looting skill based gameplay inter-operable cross platform compatible auto conversion gameplay actions into blockchain actions copyright (c) neverdie studios, universal studios and the ethereum foundation. information contained with this document provided good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. third party market research provided copyright their respective organizations and based data collected verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation security, accreditations, certification, ip, patents and trademarks. the system "providing the essential monetized infrastructure for gaming the ethereum blockchain." neverdie coin teleport functionality the system neverdie coin and teleport token: the system provides the economic infrastructure for sustainable new realities. human beings are living time where billions dollars are being invested tools create immersive new realities including virtual reality, augmented reality, cyberspace, blockchain etc. the great opportunity hand for developers move away from consumer centric business models peer peer business models where all participants can gain value for time, skills, and creativity. provide foundation for peer peer economies inside virtual worlds and gamified cyberspace, consensus must reached all parties with regard monetizing certain core systems. for example user can wave magic wand inside virtual world game make anything they wish appear, then there would need for them trade with other users. the fun game face challenges, try, fail, try again, succeed, progress, discover, unlock, win, find new challenges and share the adventure with other players, etc. create games and worlds you first create rules and the rules define the structure the game. are now point time where society recognizes the need for monetizing immersive gaming. starting with the core infrastructure that incorporated into the rules most game designs, can unite diverse worlds through token mechanisms that will utilized the majority the next generation games and also integrate seamlessly into existing games that currently provide this infrastructure but don't monetize it. neverdie coin exchange symbol: ndc total supply: decimals: ico price: usd teleport token exchange symbol: tpt total supply: ,,, decimals: ico price: usd neverdie coin and teleport functionality buying extra lives and instant re-location. the purpose the neverdie coin and teleport token turn the mechanics buying new life game traveling within game between games into utility that requires universal tokens. with limit the number tokens circulation, these utility tokens gain intrinsic value the demand utilize them grows. the tokens will consumed each time they are used within game and divided through smart contract design and api into fragments re-looted, mined, collected and re-crafted with player skill that they can traded between players and used again. this will create turnkey starting point for all game economies, players will need harvest and trade between each other raw virtual materials pay for their new lives hop between games. each token consumed through the utility, fragment the token will also assigned the game developer operating income and into other funds. percentage each token consumed will burned which will also incrementally increase the intrinsic value the tokens the number circulation decreases. the mechanics described have been applied tens thousands times over many different virtual worlds and games, but never inter-operable tokens that can traded peer peer the blockchain and where the formulas for resource gathering and crafting will drive real cash transparent economy coded with provably fair smart contracts. #gamechanger copyright (c) neverdie studios, universal studios and the ethereum foundation. information contained with this document provided good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. third party market research provided copyright their respective organizations and based data collected verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation security, accreditations, certification, ip, patents and trademarks. virtual infrastructure "we've created inter-operable virtual goods economy." neverdie virtual infrastructure schematic virtual infrastructure virtual reality needs infrastucture much reality does... the very foundation digital worlds are certain game mechanics which can found almost every world and dimension. these include the mechanism dying (reviving starting over) and movement transportation. choosing monetize these mechanics format that inclusive the user and considerate the user's time and skills possible create inter-operable virtual goods economy that could span the most amount games without placing restriction any other part the game design. the value reaching this consensus the very beginning development gaming the blockchain that will support massive adoption new games players will able instantly tap into exponential economy and get more value for their time spent playing than ever before, with the ability trade the value their skills across the widest variety games. this will also result greater avatar longevity and core turnkey monetization system for all games that adopt the system. below illustrate the monetization extra lives projected trillion dollar virtual goods market billion trillion video games industry virtual goods token holder yield player loot pool game dev grants developer royalty (see token revenue splits for details) millions players billion players players got billion gamified wages billion quarters paid arcades billion ndc paid for lives copyright (c) neverdie studios, universal studios and the ethereum foundation. information contained with this document provided good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. third party market research provided copyright their respective organizations and based data collected verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation security, accreditations, certification, ip, patents and trademarks. global challenges "providing the essential monetized infrastructure for gaming the ethereum blockchain." gamified jobs vs. basic income the greatest business models today are the ones that empower the people essential today disrupt existing outdated business models address global challenges. video games are massive multibillion dollar industry where player skills are largely unrewarded except for e-sports tournaments. society searches create new jobs replace those lost and robotics logical create jobs that utilize the enormous range video game skills that humans have been developing since childhood this will lead engaged and excited society, while also providing global marketplace filled with opportunity with very low barrier entry for anyone anywhere the world any creed color economic background. who will able afford buy games one makes any money? bill gates, elon musk, stephen hawking and mark zuckerberg are all now championing the idea basic income, which some people may have been unthinkable even decade ago. but basic income certainly looming the horizon globally, many governments are experimenting with anticipation major redundancies the workforce. but basic income will provide only basic necessities, creating great demand for gamified jobs that will guarantee that economic opportunity always only keystroke away. inside the rocktropia virtual world, neverdie has already implemented scalable part time minimum wage virtual reality jobs, that allow anyone with earn appx cents hour playing. cents hour higher than the minimum wage numerous countries around the world. the minimum wage cuba for example cents per hour* and already some cubans are seeking better paying jobs virtual reality and are participating the neverdie programs. romania minimum wage per hour and gamified jobs and esports help supplement incomes and prove very attractive means find opportunity. *https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_minimum_wages_by_country *wage difference when working inside rocktropia cuba all listed countries have citizens with the means and technical capabiliy connect rocktropia and work vr. south africa india mexico kenya russia ukraine global economic incentives "monetized virtual world infrastructure will drive rapid adoption the ethereum blockchain through the creation gamified jobs." economic incentives people can't afford buy games, then pay them play and build economy! monetized virtual world infrastructure will drive rapid adoption the ethereum blockchain through the creation gamified jobs. token revenue split example ndc/tpt revenue from token consumption developer royalty replenish loot pool game dev grant fund replenish jobs pool gov opperations neverdie development blockchain costs/misc all estimates are subject adjustment currently the world experiencing exponential advances and robotics which will increasingly undermine the labor market. addition, energy resources are exponential curve that will decrease the cost living. however, for human wellness essential for individual productive member society and develop skills, talents and compete. since the beginning time, playing games has provided humans with the ability train for the real world and push past personal limits. particularly the last century, entire industries have developed around ball games and other sports. humans are needed less and less work mundane jobs support industry, sports and games will provide the environment for people continue develop and grow and find economic opportunity. the last forty years has seen massive transition from physical games electronic games and result the world now has massive highly skilled gaming workforce that can drive global gaming-trading economy, leaving and robots manage all physical and repetitive labor needed provide, food, shelter, and other necessities. through gamified jobs, new players will encouraged play games concurrently with the game developers development cycles, with both the developer and gamer treated with equal consideration time labor and expenses. this approach will rapidly accelerate adoption the ethereum blockchain platform gamers, which turn will attract meaningful capital made available developers access through decentralized crowd funding mechanisms, these funds will quickly attract game developers who are already finding existing platforms monetization systems tapped out over saturated. the market capitalizations that have recently been achieved for new tokens that are supported the growing ethereum community will provide enormous incentive create games and play games the ethereum blockchain, especially when players can earn the tokens through both gamified jobs and gamified mining. the importance monetizing core gamified infrastructure should not overlooked will provide incentive game developers create interoperable assets and game design that will allow avatar skills also many case interoperable. copyright (c) neverdie studios, universal studios and the ethereum foundation. information contained with this document provided good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. third party market research provided copyright their respective organizations and based data collected verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation security, accreditations, certification, ip, patents and trademarks. neverdie division global nation gamers." the united states blockchain the next super power "while ether the currency and the utility token the ethereum blockchain, the tpt and ndc will become the universal utility tokens for gaming the ethereum blockchain.." pitfalls finding the bugs part the game now! the ethereum blockchain its infancy and therefore, there are many technical hurdles overcome and learning curves endure, considerable bootstrapping necessity for early adopters. engaging the communities through development cycles and decentralized governance essential fostering inclusive relationship with all token holders while the core technology matures. maintaining healthy token reserves essential success. off chain fragments the united states blockchain inside the virtual worlds and games, other tokens non-blockchain based items will exchangeable for the neverdie coin (ndc) teleport token (tpt) fragments. example this our real cash virtual world rocktropia where old bus token which can found miner inside zombie wasteland, old subway token that can found hellish cyber mining zone and quantum chip which can looted from bots. these are hunted largely new players (who are paid per month gamified wages) all can manufactured crafter into tpt fragment and then used for fast teleportation popular hunting spots inside the game. double coin offering twice the fun! inside virtual worlds and games many different items are required play and progress. providing two complementary central utilities independent each other, very robust economy will develop. individual game developers will also able introduce additional tokens which will add the global virtual goods economy with some becoming widely used the ndc and tpt. total coins issued... neverdie coin launch price cents launch market cap $,, teleport token ,,, launch price cents launch market cap $,,, neverdie coin the total teleport tokens offered through the ico. neverdie coin raise $,, (capped at) target teleport token raise $,, (capped at) target neverdie division sold ico neverdie coin neverdie coin loot pool launch value $,, neverdie coin game development fund launch value $,, neverdie coin gamified jobs fund launch value $,, government $,, reserves operations $,,. copyright (c) neverdie studios, universal studios and the ethereum foundation. information contained with this document provided good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. third party market research provided copyright their respective organizations and based data collected verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation security, accreditations, certification, ip, patents and trademarks. teleport division "inside virtual worlds and games many different items are required play and progress." twice the fun! twice the fun! double coin offering june gamelab barcelona. teleport division sold ico tpt coin teleport token loot pool launch value $,, ten percent the total number tpt circulation will reserved for pools connected smart contracts, enabling the tokens harvested through skilled gameplay. the pools will replenished the tokens are consumed through utility. teleport token game development fund launch value $,, ten percent will reserved for game development and acquisition funds managed smart contracts, which will subject democratic voting system involving all token holders. this pool will replenished tokens are consumed utility. teleport token gamified jobs fund value $,, ten percent will reserved pay wages for gamified jobs and governance. this pool will replenished tokens are consumed utility. the government endowment fund $,, includes singularity fund, humanity fund, education fund, fund the arts fund. system development, future operations and additional core financing needs $,, will reserved for operations and additional core financing needs. this pool will replenished tokens are consumed utility. cover the cost future technology development and operations. api wallet development "the greatest business models today are the ones that empower the people." inter-operable and decentralized billion dollar gamified job fund after the ico ndc and tpt start trading the exchanges increased market price will significantly impact the scale game development and the number gamified jobs that can created. api and wallet development tandem with developing the neverdie coin and teleport api, continued payatar wallet development will occur manage tokens that represent fungible interoperable items and create database for all skills rewarded all applications, dapps games that utilize the ndc and tpt. the wallet will re-designed from the ground including feedback generated from the release the alpha release. the wallet will used for instant sign across multiple platforms web based dapps and provide dashboard for games that exist the blockchain that can accessed from inside the wallet. the neverdie wallet currently alpha provides first insight into the blockchain perspective gaming and the full payatar wallet. bootstrapping given that are the very beginning the ethereum blockchain and that many technical challenges still lie ahead. there will degree bootstrapping bring the vision realization. copyright (c) neverdie studios, universal studios and the ethereum foundation. information contained with this document provided good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. third party market research provided copyright their respective organisations and based data collected verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation security, accreditations, certification, ip, patents and trademarks. the neverdie sdk/api "communication between the sdk, api, rap ndc hubs link all platforms allowing transaction pass between these platforms and any games/dapps built them." the neverdie sdk/api system schematic virtual reality and global games industry insights transparant, inter-operable system built for fast growing market that desperately needs it." global industry forecast toward boxed/downloaded browser console industry tablet smartphone global games market forecast per segment toward total market +.% cagr growth the number companies working rose during legacy game publishers like capcom and ubisoft have released full-fledged titles gain early foothold the market. meanwhile, the number advertising and analytics companies has grown content producers expand beyond direct monetization (i.e. selling content upfront). this bodes well for the next crucial years vr's development and demonstrates the critical need for de-centralized financial infrastructure underpin these new experiences companies working virtual world gaming "in which virtual worlds can you deploy your neverdie coins and teleport tokens?" start using your neverdie coins right now. proudly supporting metamask, parity the mist browser ethereum blockchain gaming initial virtual world games supported neverdie coin and teleport tokens amevrica asgardvr planet rocktropia token holder crowdfunded games and virtual worlds ...api/s ncial fina ey' vir 'turnk voted playe orld rtual vote allocation of) ...new holders ent fun (token velopm ructur infrast ...dapp atar .pay copyright (c) neverdie studios, universal studios and the ethereum foundation. information contained with this document provided good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. third party market research provided copyright their respective organisations and based data collected verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation security, accreditations, certification, ip, patents and trademarks. inside out game mechanics smart contract development "with the game mechanics outside the body the world, players can engage with full confidence their chosen activities and invest with confidence." smart contract development open source modular modular mmorpg system the core game systems across mmorpg's are very similar, they involve avatar skill tree progression based skills earned through repeated use various tools specific chosen professions and missions, hunting, gathering mining for resources treasures and item crafting and trading. increased skills typically equate player's ability utilize more powerful tools search rarer resources treasures. currently mmorpgs the balancing all these system hidden and subject great speculation the user base, the element mystery provides much engagement and entertainment, but given the intrinsic value time and skill that users must invest acquiring items, the mystery very often viewed with suspicion and has created organic demand for transparency all gameplay mechanics ensure fairness. all the above gameplay mechanics account for variety factors yield result. factors may include avatar skills and attributes, equipment statistics, player skills combined with external factors depending the specific gameplay that engaged in. these familiar game mechanics will coded into smart contracts, enable player see exactly what odds are being faced and fully evaluate the chance involved looting harvesting favorably. with the game mechanics outside the body the world, players can engage with full confidence their chosen activities and invest with confidence. our smart contracts will written create effectively open source modular mmorpg system supported the blockchain where through api/sdk can connected wide variety game engines and platforms world balancing ever evolving and users mmorpgs are very opinionated and concerned with the direction the development worlds once they are heavily invested their avatars. developers typically consider player feedback, but ultimately act for the financial concerns the studio versus the value the players time. this also can now finally addressed allowing players vote content and system development with business model that divides all royalties between the users and the developers ensuring that neither party with less consideration than the other. crowdfunding, decentralized governance and transparent smart contracts provide the optimal foundation for fair virtual goods economy where consensus will define the value skills, gameplay, and reward. minting many renewable tokenized resources can utilized the ethereum token minting system, which will perfect for item manufacturing, virtual farming, and agriculture. copyright (c) neverdie studios, universal studios and the ethereum foundation. information contained with this document provided good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. third party market research provided copyright their respective organisations and based data collected verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation security, accreditations, certification, ip, patents and trademarks. the government "expansion fund usage and the governance process." the boardroom the government neverdie coin and teleport token: the government the gov will establish infrastructure the support the constitution virtual reality and represent the interests the token holders the real world political arena. recieves endowment teleport tokens and ndc well ether addition the main government, branches the government will also recieve mixed token endowments. the branches established will follows the singularity fund the goal the singularity fund invest development future technology that will impact the global virtual goods economy and health and longevity all token holders. the fund the goal the fund develop that will support the economy and protect the economy and the security all token holders. the humanities fund the goal this fund ensure that all token holders can vote any time provide aid anyone the real world and support humanitarian causes. the life fund the goal this fund enable all token holders vote issues relating the preservation all life the known universe and provide basic support token holders the event future digital life extension mind upload. the arts fund the goal this fund support the arts virtual reality and invest culture. estimated use funds raised ndc development costs target raise: $,, capped at: $,, target raise: $,, capped at: $,, operating and reserves estimated use funds raised tpt loot pools game dev fund jobs gov mergers acquisitions development costs operating reserves copyright (c) neverdie studios, universal studios and the ethereum foundation. information contained with this document provided good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. third party market research provided copyright their respective organisations and based data collected verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation security, accreditations, certification, ip, patents and trademarks. developments and roadmap "the future gaming and huge, fact, the global market set multiply within years." new game development existing game partnerships variety very popular games exist with passionate communities. but some the business models for these games are outdated. our api/sdk will make possible for pre-existing game economies engineered work with the ndc and tpt which will instantly tie enormous amount existing game content and large player bases the ethereum blockchain. road map game developers funded treasury! amevrica asgardvr dev begins neverdie coin game engine api payatar wallet and api partnerships and acquisitions ico completion game crowdfunding and governance smart contracts smart contract development for new blockchain games teleport token game engine api amevrica asgardvr design phase addition tokens popular token exchanges token launch funding cycle the event the that neverdie coin and teleport token funding fully funded before the ico launch date, then the offering will closed and tokens will added popular exchanges soon all ico coins are distributed. additional challenges micro-transactions and scalability numerous solutions are development across the ethereum community these fundamental issues. all ndc and tpt api development will follow exponential curve, that our technology designed constantly evolve this rapidly changing environment. disclaimer neverdie coins and teleport tokens not represent ownership any real-world companies. these tokens are designed activate virtual utilities. billion jobs "watch how together can create new digital frontier for employment." meet neverdie jon 'neverdie' jacobs inside the entropia universe jon created the iconic avatar neverdie and became the first gamer make million dollars inside virtual world. jon's club neverdie made the guinness book world records the most valuable virtual property. neverdie studios jon founded neverdie studios and has worked with michael jackson, lemmy and universal studios well bringing rocktropia, king kong, and the thing virtual reality. neverdie studios developed and operates the rocktropia virtual world, the first and only mmorpg fully disrupt all existing gaming business models providing real gamified jobs that pay any user per month play. president virtual reality jon was elected the first president virtual reality with mission create one billion jobs vr. neverdie coin and teleporter token jon launched the payatar wallet the infrastructure support the neverdie coin and the teleporter token the ethereum blockchain facilitate virtual world democracy and finance the development cross platform blockchain games and dapps including rocktropia and the upcoming amevrica, drive the growth decentralized trillion dollar virtual goods economy. coverage "see what the press are saying all over the world about cyber currencies with artificial reality gaming." neverdie the press currently are engaging the public pro-active the battle prevent and robotics from making humans redundant, are doing this through the creation gamified minimum wage jobs that employs gamers hunt prevent bots from farming virtual economies. think can afford let and robots our labor reality but don't think want them playing our games for us." jon neverdie jacobs via interview with coinshedule blog "neverdie names you need know forbes magazine "neverdie, legendary adventurer, celebrity, and fabulously wealthy entrepreneur the online world." reuters "the worlds first cyber superstar" los angeles times "neverdie rock pop culture!" bbc news "political innovation can better thrive open, fluid environments like amevrica that nurture experimentation and collaboration. any case, the amevrica project should yield key insights into vr's usefulness tool for political and economic change." innovation and tech today "some people are willing pay real money for certain items, because they not have the time produce good, just you can make your own clothes real life, but you not have the time, skill interest producing yourself." jon jacobs via observador (spanish) "first, need build innovative world economy generate new drivers growth. innovation holds the key fundamentally unleashing the growth potential. the new round scientific and industrial revolution with internet its core gathering momentum, and new technologies such artificial intelligence and virtual reality are developing leaps and bounds," said. "the combination the virtual economy and the real economy will bring revolutionary changes our way work and way life." president china via https://uploadvr.com/chinese-president-vr-b/ copyright (c) neverdie studios, universal studios and the ethereum foundation. information contained with this document provided good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. third party market research provided copyright their respective organisations and based data collected verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation security, accreditations, certification, ip, patents and trademarks. neverdie studios "licensed and original gaming artwork creation with authenticity and realsism." proven 'real cash economies' and gamified jobs copyright (c) neverdie studios, universal studios and the ethereum foundation. information contained with this document provided good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. third party market research provided copyright their respective organisations and based data collected verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation security, accreditations, certification, ip, patents and trademarks. section neverdie ethereum blockchain gaming get access your payatar wallet now our early access alpha open and available provide initial look into gaming from blockchain perspective and the full payatar wallet. www.neverdie.com copyright (c) neverdie studios, universal studios and the ethereum foundation. information contained with this document provided good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. third party market research provided copyright their respective organisations and based data collected verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation security, accreditations, certification, ip, patents and trademarks. ico rules "transparency every layer" the neverdie proposition ico rules effort combat network load all purchases will processed hrs after purchase. during each period the exchange rate from ether ndc will executed the ether high for the day against the usd avoid network load ether market peak times. gold and silver bonuses will processed the same time. the ico can halted any time the total number coins available has been exceeded. all eth received after completion the ico will refunded asap. maximum ico time will through july after which the offering will closed. will announce which token exchanges will carry ndc and tpt the earliest opportunity. disclaimer: neverdie coins and teleport tokens not represent ownership any realworld companies. these tokens are designed activate virtual utilities. copyright (c) neverdie studios, universal studios and the ethereum foundation. information contained with this document provided good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. third party market research provided copyright their respective organisations and based data collected verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation security, accreditations, certification, ip, patents and trademarks.