leading fintech group serving millions people across europe for over years why nexo whitepaper contents why nexo whitepaper contents executive summary our mission background our story our history nexo instant crypto-backed loans business model products and services instant crypto-backed loan nexo card our market our clients competitive landscape nexo vs. traditional lending nexo vs. other lending platforms nexo vs. alternative financing options assumptions: financing options: nexo instant crypto-backed loan sell buy option sell margin lending option futures swaps summary net worth under btc price change technology nexo oracle loan contracts smart contracts risk management option add more crypto assets the nexo account option ii: partial repayment rebalancing maintenance customer acquisition airdrop campaigns referral affiliate programs strategic partnerships references general and utilities disclaimers executive summary nexo delivers the world's first instant crypto-backed loans, thus resolving crucial inefficiency for the crypto world. this very moment, alternatives existed for digital asset owners enjoy their crypto wealth except selling them. the innovative model nexo brings the crypto community the best both worlds retaining ownership their digital assets while having immediate access cash. the instant cryptobacked loans are automatic, flexible and cost-efficient way obtaining liquidity that secured the value the client's digital assets. the whole process completed just few simple clicks. hidden fees, capital gains taxes, credit checks. transparency guaranteed through the use blockchain technology, smart contracts and algorithmic processes executed the nexo oracle. nexo powered credissimo, leading fintech group serving millions people across europe for over years. credissimo has always operated under the highest regulatory requirements and strictest supervision multiple european banking and financial services regulators. now the same team and its board advisors, empowered the evergrowing community nexo supporters and enormous demand for theinstant crypto-backed loans, are unlocking the value digital assets rapidly expanding token economy that will alter the very fabric trillion dollar market. our mission over the past years, have been providing instant loans millions people across europe. believe that the expanding digital world helps improve our lives. would like contribute providing the world's first instant crypto-backed loans: nexo enjoy your crypto wealth today without selling your assets! background the exponential rise computational power and storage capacities, along with ever-expanding access knowledge, are some the key driving forces the fourth industrial revolution, identified the latest global information technology report. blockchain technology is, perhaps, the single most exciting innovation with enormous implications for revolutionizing products and services, comparable the invention the internet. one the immediate candidates for disruption this technological advancement the financial services industry, which, very recently, has been unhealthily rigid. financial technology (fintech) companies have challenged the latent incumbents who rely legacy systems, synonymous with high costs, sluggish onboarding processes, and inefficient customer service. fintechs, now powered blockchain technological capabilities, continue pave the new road, comes surprise that all existing players believe that they will lose revenue creative innovators. with billion capital raised less than four years, fintech companies have gained substantial traction and solid base quality-seeking customers (global fintech report, pwc). providing superior service, ease use, and lower costs compared the service provided traditional financial institutions what ensures that fintech companies will continue consolidate their market share expedited pace. apart from the ubiquitous functions blockchain technology, such the point-to-value transfers, there one that, until recently, has been hugely underappreciated the digitization assets. the blockchain immutably records the transfer tokens units ownership distributed ledger and thus makes the process trustless and transparent. the digitization assets (also known tokenization) doing the same the securitization the financial markets what the advent the email has done the post office. while securitization converts illiquid asset group assets into financial securities, tokenization allows for that security traded over digital medium with unprecedented ease and cost efficiency. tokens can either have intrinsic value themselves (like bitcoin, ethereum, other utility tokens) the digital representation physical digital assets (imf, the usa, the depository trust clearing corporation (dtcc) keeps centralized digital representation custody more than trillion worth shares, and not improbable that substantial amount these assets will find their way onto the blockchain via tokenization. modern investment portfolios consist shares, bonds, commodity futures, and other securities, but unlike previous decades when most these instruments had physical form, rarely are assets physically delivered their owners today. ownership .the global information technology report innovating the digital economy, silja baller, world economic forum soumitra dutta, cornell university bruno lanvin, insead .global fintech report pwc digital assets and the tokenization commodities rights are handled through central governing authorities such the dtcc and others. the popularity decentralized distribution information and distributed ledger applications pervades the general public, people will demand tokenization and decentralized recordkeeping and trading processes. initiatives tokenize hard assets into the blockchain are already taking place. march natixis, ibm, and trafigura introduced the first blockchain solution for the u.s. crude oil market, and only matter time before other asset classes are tokenized, tradable, and transferable much more efficient manner. recent industry research shows that the market capitalization many tokenized traditional assets, such equities, debt, commodities, and real-estate will surpass trillion the tokenization real-world assets expected further attract investors reducing transaction fees, improving transparency with regards ownership rights, and ensuring higher liquidity and ease transferability. the fact that the overall market capitalization cryptocurrencies has grown from billion january over billion january makes strong case for the intrinsic value this asset class. although interest cryptocurrencies continues rise, their proliferation into the real economy yet come. one the main reasons for the limited acceptance cryptocurrencies direct means payment can attributed the lack existing technological infrastructure and regulations most jurisdictions around the world (imf, extracting the value cryptocurrencies still requires the owners convert them .natixis, ibm and trafigura introduce first-ever blockchain solution for u.s. crude oil market trillion capitalization cryptocurrencies .how tokenization putting real-world assets blockchains .bitcoin's market capitalisation: coinmarketcap.com fiat currencies exchanges transactions. the conversion process entails various exchange fees, withdrawal fees and capital gain taxes, which ultimately render the entire process slow, time-consuming, and cost-ineffective. setting this introduction the major technological trends and challenges that accompany any disruption efforts the financial industry, this white paper aims describe detail the procedure unlocking the value digital assets within the current economic paradigm. building the potential the blockchain, nexo will provide the world's first instant crypto loans. our story credissimo leading european fintech group founded that utilizes innovative proprietary technologies provide: instant online consumer loans, e-commerce financing, and bill payment services. the company market leader the online consumer lending segment several european countries. credissimo's competitive advantage deeply rooted its business know-how that the company has developed its more than years experience--efficient business model, cutting-edge technology solutions, and visionary management. the constant drive for innovation encoded the credissimo's dna and the main reason behind the long-term success the company. its historical development, credissimo has been identifying and successfully solving inefficiencies lending markets creating innovative and convenient financing solutions. applying blockchain technology, nexo credissimo's answer solving the lack financing the new digital economy. powered years credissimo's expertise and solid resource base, nexo offering the world's first instant crypto-backed loan, revolutionary product that enables clients enjoy their crypto assets without selling them. our history credissimo founded four entrepreneurs set out disrupt the inefficient lending market providing convenient online consumer loan products. this was possible through adoption the latest technologies. proprietary process automation credissimo developed in-house innovative technology that introduced automated, near-instant credit approval seven days week. e-commerce utility bills payments driven vision provide convenient solutions for its customers, credissimo diversified its products and introduced e-commerce financing and direct utility bill payments merchants onboarded. mobile adoption the development user-friendly mobile website and iphone/android apps allowed the company process over online loan applications. initial public offering (ipo) may credissimo successfully listed million shares the public markets. big data scoring analytics adopting machine learning and big data technology further enhanced credissimo's loan scoring algorithms. bitcoin chatbot integration credissimo pioneered bitcoin loan repayment option. the company was the first consumer lender the world launch automated lending chatbot, for which received the "innovation the year" award that year. fintech award credissimo reached the top alternative finance european fintech awards and received two forbes business awards for "financial sector innovations" and "quality services". continuing work the technological frontier, credissimo powering the world's first instant crypto loans. nexo instant crypto-backed loans problem idle value digital assets bitcoin, ethereum, and other emerging cryptocurrencies are rapidly becoming the most widely owned digital asset class around the globe. the projected total value those assets expected grow over trillion throughout the past few years, investors, miners and entrepreneurs have been attracted the spectacular rise the value cryptocurrencies, which have created significant wealth for these market participants. although blockchain technologies have yet find mainstream adoption, this inevitably happens, will lead even higher market capitalization the cryptocurrencies. however, major regulatory and infrastructure limitations remain. these entities deter cryptocurrency owners from actually using them their day-to-day lives and taking advantage any immediate investment opportunities that require liquid cash meet any short-term obligations (imf, thus, not surprising that analysis performed cryptocurrency wallets shows that the majority the transactions are inward with only fraction the wallets having outgoing transactions all. solution unlock the value digital assets instead simply holding idle digital assets, investors, miners and entrepreneurs have the opportunity set instant crypto loan with nexo, combining the best both worlds hodl-ing their crypto assets and having access instant cash. transferring crypto assets their nexo accounts, nexo's clients are able instantly access cash that denominated fiat currencies such usd, eur, and jpy. the cryptobacked loan secured the market value the digital asset placed the account. trillion capitalization cryptocurrencies problem slow liquidation process liquidating digital asset can burdensome many ways. different crypto exchanges trade different digital assets and have different requirements, procedures, and withdrawal limitations, which can slow down the liquidation process and costly. moreover, the clearing bank, which turns the digital asset into fiat currency, has its own procedures and fees that transfers the customer, adding costs and slowing down the whole process even further. the overall time might take complete the transaction could from several days month, which inconvenient situations where the seller has urgent need for cash. solution quick access cash nexo's clients are able receive cash instantly anywhere around the globe, seize investment opportunities, and meet liquidity needs immediately. while withdrawing large amounts cash more conveniently done via bank transfers, nexo's retail clients have the option use the free nexo card for their day-to-day expenses. problem loss ownership order benefit from the intrinsic value their digital asset, the owners only have the limited option selling them for fiat currencies. this means losing ownership the asset and forgoing any future price appreciation potential might have. for example, company that has conducted ico would miss out the entire price appreciation cryptocurrency that collected from the crowdfunding but sold subsequently meet capital, r&d, and operating expenditures. solution retain ownership clients retain ownership their digital assets. making use nexo's instant crypto loan rather than selling, they keep the entire capital gains and accompanying benefits from their digital assets. nexo's clients can enjoy their crypto wealth immediately, without having sell their digital assets. problem expensive tax inefficient depending the exchange which used, fees are applied transactions, including platform fees, usually large bid-ask spreads, and withdrawal and transaction fees. most crucially, selling digital asset triggers tax liabilities. the latest "worldwide personal tax and immigration guide" published ernst young shows that capital gains taxes range widely from depending the country and income bracket the person facing the tax liability. therefore, selling results substantial decrease the realized profit. this renders the entire approach selling digital asset meet short-term need for liquidity expensive and tax-inefficient solution. overall, the process selling leaves the crypto owner search better alternative unlock the value his her digital assets. worldwide personal tax and immigration guide solution cost and tax efficient without having sell their digital assets exchanges, the owners not have pay any platform, transaction, withdrawal fees that could carve substantial amounts out their profits. furthermore, since there sale event, there are taxes that could decrease gains depending the seller's ordinary residency. problem cumbersome credit checks the worldwide value the consumer lending market estimated reach trillion and one the main economic drivers worldwide, provides the general public with additional access finance. consumer lending directly linked the consumer spending, which the backbone every advanced economy. most credit institutions perform what are referred "hard" credit checks each time person applies for loan. the goal those credit checks minimize and mitigate the risks defaults and set appropriate interest rate accordance with the risk profile associated with the borrower. however, the hard credit check procedure known leave mark the credit score the applicant. recent research performed tsb bank concluded that the damage left from "hard" credit checks substantial and leads significant devaluation the applicant's credit score. hard checks lead increased interest rates, depending the number applications for unsecured lending instruments. conclusion, accessing unsecured financing requires lengthy credit checks and often results lower personal credit scores and higher interest rates the customer's loans. global consumer lending: size, segmentation and forecast for the worldwide market consumers matter: loans solution credit checks nexo does not perform any credit checks that could damage the credit rating its clients, the crypto loan completely secured the value the digital assets stored the nexo account. problem lack trust and transparency now, transactions aiming procure loans and financing secured crypto assets were primarily settled through platforms and bilateral agreements. these options usually lack adequate security standards and transparency, which something one would not expect from services associated with blockchain technology. simple search through forums such bitcointalk, regarding lending, reveals world filled with fraud, interest rates closer usury than market conditions, etc. the legal status such arrangements are dubious nature and could possibly never enforced courts justice. solution transparent blockchain contracts ownership digital assets secured and guaranteed transparent loan contracts, which will ultimately stored the blockchain where technologically possible. business model the business model nexo provide instant crypto loans order unlock the value the digital assets owned its clients. the process simple and can broken down into few simple steps: step the client transfers crypto assets the nexo account prospective client transfers crypto assets their nexo account. once the relevant blockchain confirmations for the respective crypto asset are received, the nexo oracle automatically calculates the loan limits and instantly sets the loan. step the client receives instant loan usd euro the loan limit instantly available bank transfer the free nexo card. depending their needs and circumstances, the clients can choose the most convenient way use their cash, well the currencies which they would like receive the funds. the loan limit based the market value the crypto assets the nexo account. should the cryptocurrency appreciate value, the nexo oracle increases the loan limit. step the client repays loan clients can repay their flexible loans multiple ways via bank transfer, fiat cryptocurrency. special discounts the interest rates are granted those choosing make payments with nexo tokens. third option pay partial sale the crypto assets (btc, eth, etc.) their nexo account. addition the flexible repayment options, nexo does not require any monthly minimum repayments long the outstanding balance within the available loan limit. once repayment received, nexo oracle records the transaction the blockchain and instantly updates the loan limits. step withdraw crypto from nexo account the crypto assets the account meet the required limits the outstanding loan balance, clients can withdraw part all exceeding amount any given time. once the loan fully repaid, clients can withdraw all the crypto assets the account. products and services instant crypto-backed loan clients have diverse financial needs and requirements, which well understood and provisioned for the nexo instant crypto loan. one option for receiving their instant crypto loan that customers have same/next day bank transfer via swift, sepa ach personal business bank account. nexo card our market trillion capitalisation cryptocurrencies latoken research our clients cryptocurrency investors bitcoin and the rising number other cryptocurrencies have attracted millions investors throughout previously mentioned, the overall cryptocurrency market capitalization has risen staggering billion january thus creating sizeable amount wealth for early investors and entrepreneurs. there are innumerable reasons why people need liquid cash hand such pressing unexpected expenses attractive limited-time offers. cryptocurrency investors, who want enjoy the fruits their investments today without having sell their digital assets, can benefit from nexo's unique proposition and make use the free nexo card pay for day-to-day expenses meet other needs. hedge funds the present date, there are over hedge funds focusing exclusively cryptocurrency investments with about billion total assets under management. all funds that already have invested capital under management crypto assets are also direct beneficiaries nexo's instant crypto-backed loans. placing their digital assets nexo account, these hedge funds are able gain leverage they gain access additional capital giving them greater flexibility structure their portfolios. crypto miners cryptocurrency miners are one the most integral parts the blockchain technology and are directly responsible for the grouping all unconfirmed transactions into blocks and for their recording the distributed ledger. therefore, miners are often referred the backbone the decentralized world. for performing this activity, miners are rewarded with cryptocurrency, which most them like hold. the recent crypto fund list segmentation global cryptocurrency benchmarking study published the university cambridge (hileman and rauchs, identified that bitcoin miners earned billions dollars the past several years due the appreciating value cryptocurrencies; one can see why they are not too eager depart from their crypto holding. having started just hobby performed single enthusiasts, mining nowadays requires vast amounts computing power, state-of-the-art equipment, and huge electricity capacities. meeting those increasingly competitive requirements pressures miners, who are looking expand their operations liquidate their digital asset rewards and potentially miss out future gains from those assets' appreciation. nexo offers miners flexible instant crypto loan, which will enable them fund their increasing capital expenditures and operating expenses without having sell their assets. crypto companies initial coin offerings (icos) are steadily becoming ever more popular way raise capital. coin desk's ico tracker reports that companies that have conducted icos raised over billion from february january during the typical ico, companies generally accept cryptocurrencies. once the offerings are completed, companies sell part all their proceeds for fiat currencies order fund their operations meet their capital expenses. instead selling their cryptocurrency proceeds and losing substantial potential crypto, companies can also use instant loan from nexo finance their needs. cryptocurrency exchanges exchanges are another essential part the cryptocurrency ecosystem, matching buyers and sellers the digital assets. the rising number cryptocurrency exchanges intensifies the rivalry among them and the struggle keep and attract customers. nexo instant crypto loan specifically designed provide partnering digital asset exchanges with additional leverage and liquidity order support their margin lending activities and enable them reach higher capital efficiencies. all-time cumulative ico funding coindesk ico tracker owners tokenized assets mentioned earlier, the overall market the tokenized assets projected exceed trillion. this will allow investors easily acquire wide range asset classes that have diverse risk profiles and characteristics, such as: precious metals investors gold has been safe haven for over two millennia, and one the first hard assets get tokenized. most notably, the royal mint and cme group have introduced rmg new, cost-effective, convenient, and secure way hold, transact, and trade physical gold using blockchain technology. other companies like digix global provide user-friendly way for investors get fast exposure gold through tokens, which are reportedly backed the precious metal. this presents excellent opportunity for investors transfer them their nexo account and receive instant loan against their tokenized gold holdings. etfs and etns investors recent years exchange traded funds (etfs) and exchange traded notes (etns) continue gain popularity among investors they are cheaper passive investment alternatives traditionally active managed funds and deliver comparable not better returns. the global etf market just recently surpassed trillion and expected continue its growth. some the companies developing solutions tokenize various assets and securities include brickblock, token, blackmoon crypto, and bankex. these companies deploy proof-of-asset protocols that ensure off-chain asset ownership. the opportunity tokenize securities traded legacy exchanges immense, and nexo believes that very soon will possible for crypto investors access those security-backed tokens and diversify their portfolio. nexo partnering with all major security-backed token issuers order provide its clients with access instant loans secured liquid tokenized assets. global etf assets reach $tn financial times loyalty-reward token owners loyalty-reward programs are widely used across many domains including retail, hospitality, travel, and financial services. according research conducted colloquy, the average u.s. household participates loyalty programs. the overall value the loyalty rewards industry estimated around billion. researchers claim that the loyalty rewards industry going face major disruption companies that utilize blockchain technology. those innovative companies will provide the convenient redemption loyalty points single platform (kowalewski, mclaughlin, and hill, incent developing loyalty reward token that aims disrupt the industry. part its roadmap, nexo plans accept loyalty reward tokens and allow their owners access instant cash through the crypto loan. video gamers and virtual reality users the global games market report shows that there are currently over billion gamers around the globe who generate billion revenue. research suggests that the gaming industry will reach over billion. according recent market research data, the virtual reality (vr) and augmented reality (ar) industry going reach billion total, the video game and vr/ar industries will have cumulative value over billion significant part the revenues generated the companies operating the video game and vr/ar industries comes from virtual items bought their users. the leading marketplace for in-game items opskins, estimates that there are currently over million gamers who trade virtual assets worth more than billion. the worldwide asset exchange (wax) the biggest player that has already developed blockchain solutions tokenize in-game items. nexo will accept wax tokens order provide instant crypto loans gamers who want retain ownership their perished video-game items. colloquy loyalty census colloquy loyalty programs report blockchain will transform customer loyalty programs harvard business review, global games market report competitive landscape the competitive analysis shows how nexo's instant crypto-backed loans compare with alternative products and services. nexo vs. traditional lending nexo's instant crypto-backed loan allows clients retain ownership their crypto assets and profit from their potential upside. furthermore, nexo's product accessible with credit checks and does not have geographic restrictions. the crypto loan extended instantly there approval procedure. soon the crypto assets are transferred the nexo account and the transaction confirmed the blockchain, the client can start spending the fiat currency their choice. the interest rates are highly competitive and there are additional hidden fees. nexo vs. other lending platforms number companies promise lending solutions the crypto community, and currently all them are operating platforms for collateralized and uncollateralized loans. the decentralization lending brings significant costs and slows down the whole process, ultimately resulting deteriorating user experience. lenders who are willing participate those platforms carry the significant burden managing, monitoring, and supervising loan offers, which makes inconvenient and inefficient. matching borrowers with lenders who are willing fund the loan requests takes lot time, terms must agreed upon all the parties involved. these characteristics lending render the whole process cumbersome and slow. recent data shows clearly that the demand for loans much greater than the supply, resulting inefficient market. nexo there bridge precisely this gap, ensuring enough supply funds provide instant loans, thus providing adequate liquidity for the crypto community efficient manner. the nexo team has years experience instant lending solutions and has granted more than loans millions customers throughout europe. furthermore, getting funding from nexo seamless, instant process. whereas other providers charge membership, application, and/or funding fees top their interest rates, nexo has fees whatsoever and very competitive annual interest rate. furthermore, nexo token holders enjoy discounted repayment rates while loan limits can increased using nexo tokens, just they can with bitcoin ethereum. nexo's business model designed with the sole mission aligning clients' interests with those the company. nexo vs. alternative financing options the information for comparison between nexo's flexible loan and alternatives the market, including details financial and non-financial parameters, has been extracted from publicly available information and all calculations represent our best estimate cost for exploiting such services assumptions: let assume that the client has his possession bitcoins and requires fiat money order fulfill financial need, whatever that might be. particular, let's assume that has the following portfolio: ownership btc purchased needed financing current price btc (net worth $,) days fiat needed days the client seeks short-term financing equal for days and desires retain ownership bitcoin (btc) after the completion the transaction btc) while minimizing costs. financing options: nexo instant crypto-backed loan the client sets instant crypto loan for without any credit checks. transfers btc his nexo account and gets cash instantly via bank wire credit card. with this strategy, the client pays only interest with trade deposit fees and does not become liable capital gains tax because sale assets occurs. sell buy option the client sells his holdings today for and repurchases the same amount bitcoins days the future price. once position liquidated, the client pays trade, exchange and withdrawal fees, and liable for capital gains tax. when has re-establish his position repurchasing the coins days, the client once again faces trade, exchange and deposit fees. obviously, lot can happen two months, and the sale price might substantially differ from the new purchase price; thus, the client exposed the volatility the market top the additional cost, which pays. sell margin lending option the client sells bitcoins today for with all applicable fees and taxes. the remaining bitcoins are used open margin trading position order mimic the ownership net worth defined the total change net value, including fees paid, taxes due and net gains/losses from change btc price days. the client rational and seeks explore options with different risk appetite and volatility. btc. the client becomes liable for additional exchange fees, opening/closing margin trading position fees, and rollover interest for maintaining open margin trading position for days. two months, the client closes the margin and repurchases the btc the future price, becoming exposed market volatility and counterparty risk. applying this strategy, the client able retain the upside potential from bitcoin price increase but high cost. futures swaps the client sells bitcoins today for with all applicable fees/taxes. the remaining bitcoins are used open short/long swap future position. order mimic ownership btc, margin utilized. using swaps, the client pays additional exchange fees and interest expenses for maintaining open swap/future position for days. this trading strategy highly speculative and risky requires specific knowledge financial instruments and trading techniques. summary net worth under btc price change case constant bitcoin price, the nexo instant crypto loan delivers -times cheaper solution when compared the sell buy option described above. the cost has been calculated based the price structures several the major cryptocurrency exchanges. the sell buy back option includes fees like platform usage, bid-ask spread, withdrawal, transaction (miners) fees, and capital gains crypto asset sales while nexo includes only interest. moreover, when the price bitcoin increases, while the client uses his nexo instant crypto loan, benefits ultimately owns increase bitcoin price leads additional gain for the client). the sell margin lending approach times more expensive than instant crypto loan form nexo. and with margin selling, the client also retains the price appreciation opportunities but exposes himself the following: market volatility margin trading involves substantial risks total loss and requires special technical knowledge executed properly. margin calls the cryptocurrency exchange kraken, for example, investor would receive margin call the funds pledged his margin account, and his position will liquidated the current example, the client pledges own funds open margin position $,, would receive margin call soon the price bitcoin decreased and would liquidated when the price bitcoin dropped percentage changes cryptocurrency trading occur regular basis; thus, the risk early liquidation and undesired fees and costs not negligible. trading swaps and futures more than times more expensive than taking advantage instant crypto loan from nexo. addition, derivatives trading are complex endeavour that requires experience and serious funding and might result losses that exceed the initial deposit. furthermore, derivatives trading require access platforms that require highly technical trading knowledge, which makes the process too complex for retail investors. swap/forward scenario within the current example, the liquidation would begin soon the price bitcoin decreased the cost efficiency the nexo instant crypto loans, the flexibility available funds whenever the customer needs them, and the retained ownership the digital asset all make nexo much better choice instantly unlock the value digital assets. technology cutting-edge technology and process automation are the core nexo's business model. powered credissimo's years experience online lending, nexo excellent position develop top-notch solution that extends crypto loans secured crypto assets. since its inception, credissimo has strived achieve optimal operational efficiencies through proprietary process automation and constant innovation. moreover, credissimo has developed and implemented software system that supports the full automation its business processes. this system integrates all stages the lending process through functionalities covering the period from loan's application and disbursement its servicing, full repayment, accounting, and reporting. unlike for many startup business ventures, the transfer core competencies from credissimo nexo uses robust technological platform springboard and benefits from the rich experience seasoned professionals. while credissimo has provided instant online consumer loans millions people for over years, nexo builds extensive existing knowledge offer the world's first instant crypto loans. nexo oracle the critical, essential part our technological model nexo oracle automated system that maintains the elements the business processes and has the functionalities identified the diagram below: development loan contracts: when crypto loan set up, the nexo oracle responsible for the automatic disbursement cash, asset maintenance, notifications, and overall management. development real-time data aggregation: the nexo oracle performs real-time asset valuation based data from multiple exchanges any given point time. the nexo oracle maintains live data aggregation from least independent sources (exchanges), which minimizes overall risk for both nexo and the client. the nexo oracle also detects live changes asset value and recalculates loan limits. the case asset price appreciation, the loan limit automatically and instantly increased. development repayment analytics module: the nexo oracle automatically records repayments and further accounts for all transactions made clients. interest repayments, outstanding balances, and up-to-date loan limits are automatically maintained all times the system. development automated notifications: all loan maintenance actions are automatically executed the nexo oracle without any manual intervention change asset value and loan limit; cash inflows/outflows; maintenance and rebalancing warnings are issued case reached minimum crypto asset limits; individual account balances are updated with repayments; administrative notifications are sent the client with all relevant information. development modeling and algorithms: order secure the proper functioning the system, nexo integrates big data analyses, self-regulating algorithms, and prediction modelling the nexo oracle. that way, nexo can guarantee that the information received from multiple external data sources used for proper on-time business decision-making. loan contracts smart contracts smart contracts are pre-written computer protocols that aim facilitate trustless and secure relationship between two parties. their key features include immutability and traceability, which create transparency and remove the need for third-party involvement. although not all blockchains currently support smart contracts, nexo's long-term goal enable fully automated trustless system across all blockchain assets supported the nexo account. this can achieved through strategic partnerships with companies that are currently developing cross-chain solutions such polkadot. the smart contract used nexo will record the current outstanding balances the client's nexo account. interest will accrued the utilized loan balances. once clients repay their loans use more their available limits, nexo will either credit debit the balance and record the updated one the blockchain. once they are fully functioning across different blockchains, the smart contracts will the primary mechanism that regulates most functions the nexo instant crypto-backed loans. until the complete and stable development cross-chain technologies allow the deployment smart contracts, most those functionalities will delivered through the nexo oracle. risk management order minimize any risks, the nexo oracle tracks the changes the crypto assets' value placed the nexo account real time. avoid any price discrepancies, the nexo oracle will draw real-time data from several different sources. the crypto assets within the client's nexo account should have value cover the outstanding loan all times. the price the crypto assets placed the account increase, the nexo oracle will immediately increase the amount cash available the client. should the value the crypto assets decrease below liquidation ratio (dependant the assets within the account), the nexo oracle acts accordingly and mitigates the risk reaching the minimum loan requirements smooth repayment the loan. there are various scenarios, which could occur throughout the loan usage that require nexo oracle's interference. for the purpose illustration, examples nexo's expected situation handling actions are shown below. once the client has set their account with nexo, they agree the terms and conditions, and they will transfer crypto assets their nexo account. the nexo oracle automatically updates the funds, which are instantly available the client through his nexo card. few days later, the nexo oracle detects that the value the crypto assets placed the nexo account the client have decreased below the minimum required limits, which leads immediate recalculation the available loan limit. the nexo oracle issues instant notifications the client through multiple channels, including the client's nexo account and via sms and e-mail. case the client has larger outstanding balance than the available limit, the nexo oracle provides the client with the following options: option add more crypto assets the nexo account clients can transfer additional crypto assets their account order rebalance the loan limits. this specific case, the nexo oracle automatically calculates the additional crypto assets that the clients would have add their account, and once the transfer confirmed, his loan limits are instantly updated. whenever clients repay the loan have any excess crypto placed their account, they can securely withdraw it. option ii: partial repayment clients also have the option repay the difference between the loan limit and current loan outstanding amount. this case, the nexo oracle calculates the amount needed covered and the client pays wire transferring crypto. although the nexo oracle will take all necessary actions inform the client timely manner regarding any changes the value his crypto assets, should considered that might not act upon the issued notifications. this case, the nexo oracle will automatically cover the difference between the loan limit and current loan outstanding amount proceeding rebalancing maintenance. rebalancing maintenance cases where the client does not act the notifications issued the nexo oracle and does not opt transfer additional crypto assets repay the required amount, the nexo oracle executes rebalancing maintenance. the price the pledged crypto assets verified multiple exchanges that the best possible terms are secured. this specific case, the nexo oracle uses the best possible price the market and sells crypto assets rebalance loan limits. all relevant taxes related the transaction will covered through the client's loan. customer acquisition nexo able draw from credissimo's longstanding marketing and customer acquisition experience, which will provide solid base for future development. the new paradigm global interconnectedness requires new marketing strategies, which will attract and retain loyal customers from around the world. nurturing strong community and mutually beneficial strategic partnerships are two the main objectives that will support nexo's growth and success. airdrop campaigns order expand and nurture the nexo community, will execute multiple airdrop campaigns. the participants the nexo airdrop campaigns will able receive free nexo tokens that will allow them benefit from lower interest rates and/or higher limits their instant crypto loans. participate nexo airdrop campaigns, people will required fulfil predefined conditions that will described and distributed via multiple communication channels. upon successful campaign completion and meeting the predefined requirements, the participants will receive their free nexo tokens their nexo account, which they can use immediately towards their instant crypto loans thus being exposed nexo's product minimal marketing cost-per-acquisition. referral affiliate programs nexo's clients and supporters can participate special referral programs that reward their efforts attract new clients and expand the nexo community. the program ensures that supporters who refer new clients nexo will receive preferential interest rates their instant crypto loans. strategic partnerships operating the constantly evolving cryptocurrency/blockchain ecosystem requires engagement strategic partnerships that support the overall development the community and nexo's business model. for example, can use wallet integrations implementing button that allows users widely used wallet apps set crypto loan instantly with nexo. this currently being discussed with several wallet providers. references all-time cumulative ico funding coindesk ico tracker https://www.coindesk.com/ico-tracker/ bitcoin's market capitalisation: https://coinmarketcap.com/ blockchain will transform customer loyalty programs harvard business review, https://hbr.org/// blockchain-will-transform-customer-loyalty-programs colloquy loyalty programs report https://www.colloquy.com/reports/ consumers matter: loans http://www.tsb.co.uk/tsb_consumers_matter_loans.pdf crypto fund list segmentation https://next.autonomous.com/cryptofundlist/ cryptocurrency benchmarking study university, hileman and rauchs, university cambridge center for alternative finance https://www.jbs.cam.ac.uk/fileadmin/user_upload/research/centres/alternative-finance/ downloads/-global-cryptocurrency-benchmarking-study.pdf digital assets and the tokenization commodities https://blog.jpmorganinstitutional.com///digital-assetsand-the-tokenization-of-commodities/ european fintech awards https://europe.fintech.nl/category/alternative-finance fintech and financial services: initial considerations, international monetary fund (imf) https://www.imf.org/en/ publications/staff-discussion-notes/issues////fintech-and-financial-services-initial-considerations- forbes business awards https://www.nasdaq.com/press-release/credissimo-wins-twice-at-forbes-businessawards--- global consumer lending: size, segmentation and forecast for the worldwide market http://www.cpifinancial.net/ news/post//global-consumer-lending-size-segmentation-and-forecast-for-the-worldwide-market global etf assets reach $tn financial times https://www.ft.com/content/c--e-bce-fcfde global games market report https://newzoo.com/solutions/revenues-projections/global-games-market-report gaming skin trading: billion industry ripe for blockchain disruption https://medium.com/waxtoken/gamingskin-trading-a--billion-industry-ripe-for-blockchain-disruption-cbc how tokenization putting real-world assets blockchains http://www.nasdaq.com/article/how-tokenizationis-putting-real-world-assets-on-blockchains-cm natixis, ibm and trafigura introduce first-ever blockchain solution for u.s. crude oil market https://www-.ibm.com/ press/us/en/pressrelease/.wss smart contracts explained https://cointelegraph.com/explained/smart-contracts-explained the global information technology report innovating the digital economy, silja baller, world economic forum soumitra dutta, cornell university bruno lanvin, insead http://www.weforum.org/docs/gitr/ wef_gitr_full_report.pdf worldwide personal tax and immigration guide http://www.ey.com/publication/vwluassets/worldwide_ personal_tax_and_immigration_guide_-/$file/worldwide%personal%tax%and%immigration% guide%-.pdf trillion capitalization cryptocurrencies https://drive.google.com/file/d/byhjcsqopksmzqdcenvnznm/ view?usp=sharing_eil&ts=baeb colloquy loyalty census https://www.colloquy.com/latest-news/-colloquy-loyalty-census general and utilities disclaimers these materials (the "materials") are not intended offer sell, solicitation any offer buy, any security other financial instrument invest the nexo token and are for informational, illustration and discussion purposes only. these materials are november may not complete final, may estimated, are subject change and not contain all material information regarding investment, including specific information relating investment's risks. the offering the nexo token has not been registered, qualified, approved under any securities, futures, financial instruments, capital markets, exchange control legislation, regulation, ordinance any jurisdiction. all jurisdictions, the offer sell and solicitation buy nexo token directed solely qualified institutional investors, qualified professional investors, and those other sophisticated persons whom offers and solicitation may made without any licensing, registration, qualification, approval under applicable law (collectively, "qualified persons"). these materials not constitute offer, distribution, solicitation, marketing any non-qualified person, and not offering the retail public any jurisdiction where such offering unlawful. you should disregard this information sheet you are non-qualified person. before you decide invest nexo token, you should carefully read nexo's documents and consult with your own advisors. investment nexo token speculative and involves risks, which you should understand prior making investment. nexo token will fluctuate value, and may volatile, especially over short time horizons. opinions, assumptions, assessments, statements the like regarding future events which are forward-looking, constitute only subjective views, beliefs, outlooks, estimations intentions nexo, should not relied on, are subject change due variety factors, including fluctuating market conditions and economic factors, and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, both general and specific, many which cannot predicted quantified and are beyond the control nexo. nexo does not make any representation warranty the accuracy completeness the information contained these materials. nexo has obligation update keep current any information projections contained these materials. there can assurance that the tokens will ever issued dividends will paid; nexo subject complex, evolving and expansive u.s. and foreign laws and regulations; there assurance that token purchasers will receive return their investment; nexo has limited operating history, which makes hard evaluate its ability generate revenue through operations; token holders generally will not have voting rights ability influence nexo's decisions; nexo may forced cease operations; nexo may not successfully develop, market and launch the nexo account system, and, even launched the nexo account system may not widely adopted and may have limited users and could subject significant competition; prices blockchain assets are extremely volatile and fluctuations the price digital assets could materially and adversely affect nexo's business. token holders shall not entitled any utility functionality part the token. nevertheless, the company expects endeavour provide certain additional benefits holders the tokens the future (the "discretionary benefits"). these will not part the terms and conditions the tokens, but rather benefits voluntarily provided the company token holders. these discretionary benefits may withdrawn changed any time management's discretion. (c) nexo