next.exchange whitepaper may introduction next.exchange embraces blockchain technology history meet the team behind next.exchange our strategy our goals what next.exchange capable of? short-term targets long-term goals what are next.exchange innovations? permits regulations services offered next-generation cryptocurrency exchange cryptocurrency crowdfunding instant ico deployments the next token profit sharing for token holders the next blockchain roadmap conclusion next.exchange whitepaper may introduction the cryptocurrency market today comprises multi-billion-dollar industry. that being said, yet fully accepted the masses investment tool, compared standard fiat currencies like the dollar ($) the euro (eur). while holding market share approximately current exchange currencies, that figure expected see rapid growth the upcoming years. established next.exchange because believe the potential cryptocurrency, and that through its application, corporations may find easy and efficient way receiving finance for their projects. this will achieved utilizing what known ico (initial coin offering). our vision next.exchange allow companies fund their activities simply and securely possible utilizing digital currencies for project development and service development. right now, are designing and constantly upgrading fresh new platform for cryptocurrency exchanges, trades and conversions into foreign fiats. large capital acquisitions through icos, combined with the increasing public acceptance cryptocurrency medium trade, will provide start-ups and investors alike with opportunities for rapid project development and growth. however, the market potential for cryptocurrencies yet fully realized. next.exchange, are currently developing unique cryptocurrency exchange platform which will provide traders with the latest tools get new coins with crypto fiat https://next.exchange. next.exchange whitepaper may next.exchange embraces blockchain technology incorporated the netherlands, next.exchange next-generation cryptocurrency exchange committed offering fiat gateway and non-banking asset management solutions outside traditional financial systems and banking establishments. unlike these institutions, place all assets straight into the blockchain ledger. history our team composed highly professional and motivated entrepreneurs and developers with expertise plethora different fields. thanks this and combined experience business development and management, this allowed obtain invaluable knowledge regarding the ins and outs developing business from conception conclusion. are among the unsung heroes who took the task researching the new technology known the blockchain, going way back far when only very few believed it. furthermore, have grown technical maturity and insight developing business and providing financial service guidance and solutions, utilizing our own in-house blockchain technology. wholeheartedly believe blockchain technology. are capable providing boost for well-rounded people who utilize this technology order deliver business breakthroughs, while maintaining easy access shares and dividends from companies around the globe. purchase and sell shares just few clicks. thanks next.exchange, security, professional expertise and quick, headachefree access financials will become the new global standard. strongly believe that everyone everywhere should have access professional corporate finance tools. next.exchange whitepaper may meet the team behind next.exchange "at next.exchange are developing new kind cryptocurrency trading platform. become game-changer are prepared regulate our services, which can launched worldwide with unique features for fiat, cryptocurrencies, physical and digital assets". christiaan van steenbergen founder software engineer christiaan experienced entrepreneur who has spearheaded several businesses the telecom, software and fin-tech industries. today, his entrepreneurial spirit drives him towards the development new technologies, with dedicated focus towards cryptocurrency software, big data and blockchain, which will completely change the financial market. gleb jout blockchain consultant content and strategy manager gleb has over three years managerial and financial experience. his impeccable communication skills, dedication, strategic mind and understanding the blockchain industry provide the necessary tools and experience assist next.exchange's journey towards becoming one globe's best exchanges. mr. rob van dijk lawyer head legal operations rob van dijk has acquired two decades experience attorney, representing individuals and business the areas contract law, general commercial business practices, financial law, labor law, debtor/creditor law and corporate law. currently, rob serves registered attorney for the dutch bar (nederlandse orde van advocaten -nova). also the owner and managing partner the renowned law firm, lexius. drs. chris haveman business strategy operations drs. chris haveman graduate the university leiden, specializing mathematics, computer science and with concentration psychology. his experience executive chairman supervisory boards for various multinational corporations such boer croon (one the top corporate finance houses the netherlands) has brought him the opportunity provide professional strategic guidance next.exchange's capital market reform specialist. next.exchange whitepaper may our strategy our goal become the next-generation cryptocurrency exchange, fully utilizing the blockchain technology, delivering propositions for new users unparalleled value, and offering strong returns for investors. ultimately, wish drive the creation new financial ecosystem grounded the interactions between assets and blockchain technology. our mission foster and enhance the adoption cryptocurrency medium exchange for global stock trading. will achieve this increasing awareness and educating the general public the safety and advantages utilizing digital currencies and blockchain technology. next.exchange believe that the time has come for businesses around the world adopt initial coin offering (ico) practices and gain easy access stock markets. due all the regulations and boundaries currently enveloping the financial industry, has become increasingly more difficult for fresh start-ups and even existing companies enter financial markets. believe "wall street" does not have the necessary expertise the subject matter and cannot provide such individuals and organizations with the necessary guidance enter modernized financial markets. next.exchange has the required tools and expertise the form easy access rapid funding, professionally tailored teams, and impeccable support services provide companies and start-ups with the opportunity experience positive business growth and development. our aim minimize the hassle and unnecessary limitations bureaucracy and build easy-to-use, foolproof platform for the masses. want provide solution for businesses easily access corporate financing solutions, and for the public obtain start-ups and profit-based companies around the world without unnecessary headaches. the platform developed fully functional alternative the cryptocurrency and stockmarket exchange, which currently being dominated euronext and wall street. next.exchange whitepaper may our goals provide exchange platform between fiat-, cryptocurrencies and (digital) assets with large, active and friendly community. provide our users with efficient platform that can handle significant loads and operate optimal performance even during peak load times. provide new and prospective projects and their communities with reliable platform and multiple pairings. "next.exchange constantly pursuit new technologies and advance the financial market experience for our clients. adapt ourselves future technological goals". what next.exchange capable of? currently, our platform enables users sell and purchase digital assets, utilizing bank transfers and cryptocurrencies. during the first year our launch, plan make our services available clients located the european union, united states, and russia. the second year operations, clients based latin america, asia, and australia will able utilize our platform. then plan bring our services other developing countries not mentioned before. next.exchange ensures the safety and security client funds utilizing cold storage methodologies, backed trust and smart contracts, which have very strict rules and guidelines pertaining seller selection. thereby, providing buyers with confidence and trust our services. during the first phase our rollout next.exchange will integrated with the ethereum platform. then plan migrate our codebase our own blockchain platform, which can handle large transaction volumes. believe that our organization can draw significant benefits from the many features that blockchain technology can offer. our final objective create exchange platform for businesses, through which shareholders can receive dividends and trade their assets, with fluid and easy-to-use interface. next.exchange whitepaper may short-term targets acquiring all the necessary permits and licenses operate cryptocurrency exchange within countries which this sector regulated governmental law. focus driving strong and stable user growth, targeting users who are already familiar with the functionality stock exchanges, well those who are just beginning develop interest this sector. plan achieving our user growth targets via social media campaigns and exposure. long-term goals acquiring least market share the cryptocurrency exchange sector; growing into fully-fledged platform for trading. invest heavily production and service development ensure that next.exchange can provide the best technological platform solutions today's highly competitive industry. expand business operations globally, ensuring the presence and strong brand awareness key regions the world. next.exchange whitepaper may what are next.exchange innovations? combining traditional finance with the cryptocurrency world unique and challenging process. next.exchange are targeting experienced professionals well newcomers this field. us, security the most important aspect business practice. this why integrate similar smart technologies provide our clients with the highest guarantee security available the market. currently, our unique features include: pool trading are capable obtaining high trading volumes and generating substantial profits today's stock market due our integration with other corporate finance houses and major trading forces. community trading are capable providing users with platform which they can upload their smart contracts order participate active smart contract community for trades, business, services, and increased visibility. coin suggestions new and existing cryptocurrencies can submitted for consideration our community users via our website. see digital asset getting considerable amount support from its community, will carry out the due diligence and make decision list this asset. social network for icos all the icos listed our platform will have their own profile, through which the community next.exchange can get touch with the team behind the ico, well get direct updates and news from the ico. imagine like facebook profile for icos. crypto mining users will granted the option investing funds mining pools. mining pools work constant, passive earning model. considering that the cash power mining pools will more-or-less equal, returns investments from the mining new coins will split among investors. cold and secure storage funds have nullified the threat cyber-attacks and hacking threats thanks the utilization cold storage methods. clients will able use the trevor(tm) device order store money securely and safely, via two-factor authentication and other security validation methods. next.exchange whitepaper may services tailored inexperienced users our system provides inexperienced users the opportunity copy and learn from the actions and decisions more experienced traders. new traders can benefit from the expertise and knowledge base experienced market practitioners. for traders who simply not have any spare time devote market and trading research, next.exchange will provide auto-trade tool. this feature that automatically follows the actions top traders based current and historical performance. auto-trade the safest automated trading method, and will implemented the next.exchange investment fund. investment funds next.exchange will provide its users with fully managed investment funds. generally, pools companies, icos the top cryptocurrencies. trader advantages traders who operate our platform will have the opportunity earning percentage their follower's profits and obtain boosts gain certain advantages, such lower processing and transaction fees. referral program our referral program designed benefit both invitation senders and recipients. bonus system will implemented that will allow users receive rewards once they recruit new users the platform. this ensures that new users are introduced that next.exchange's trading volume grows. fiat gateway only next.exchange create instant swaps between crypto and fiat. started with usd and eur and will add more local currencies move along. payment service provider integrate payment service providers create bridge for services like paypal, stripe and payoneer. long they accept cryptocurrency-related businesses, have them covered. next.exchange whitepaper may permits regulations conducting operations stock exchange vastly different from any other business practice, due the fact that capital not only required fund growth and trade cycles, but also for regulatory aspects and requirements. these regulations are place ensure that financial institutions experience minimal risk financial distress during economic hardships which high pressure evoked institution's deposit base (quantity withdrawals outnumber deposits). therefore, most the capital that will raised will put into trust fund (foundation) that supervised the dutch afm (authority financial markets) order satisfy optimal capital adequacy requirement ratios, which are legislated and required order obtain operating licenses new jurisdictions. regulatory requirements proper licensing one the key aspects being fully functional financial institution. next.exchange expects acquire investor license (beleggersvergunning) enable trading traditional stocks. also, next.exchange the process applying for emoney license which covers the european union. today, lot banks are refusing clients which are active the cryptocurrency market. next.exchange sees opportunities acquire e-money license themselves serve this market and create partnerships ensure its operation and create fair playing field for others. the cryptocurrency market decentralized and does not yet fall under any governmental regulations. the united states congress, however, has expressed plans regulate cryptocurrencies the foreseeable future, while others are banning them. 'congress submits bill making illegal hold cash, bitcoin, other assets outside bank without informing them writing' https://www.congress.gov/bill/th-congress/senate-bill//text#toc-ideaefcffbbcbbbda next.exchange whitepaper may expect that the regulation cryptocurrencies will implemented, and therefore, want ready face these obstacles and bind the market under the next.exchange platform way the following: providing licenses cryptocurrency, credit unions and crowdfunding platforms. maintaining deposit over eur million secure trust. opening iban/sepa credit and debit accounts for our clients, without restrictions. provide banking services, like payment cards and terminals which work with cryptocurrencies. investing and partnering with innovative cryptocurrency businesses. lobbying with (semi)-government institutes and corporates about the possibilities that blockchain technology can offer. next.exchange whitepaper may services offered next-generation cryptocurrency exchange the world needs next-generation cryptocurrency exchange which innovative, fast and easy use and understand. today's exchanges are mostly decentralized, answering government central authority and located area outside any jurisprudence. all while huge community trading their cryptocurrencies. security another important issue second mt. gox incident could still happen, even nowadays. one hack the wrong exchange and the money gone. next.exchange prevent this much possible provide every trader their own wallet and unique address. these would under the trader's sole control and synced with the blockchain. this hybrid approach unique and offers our platform intuitive interface and reduces risk. also presents lower transaction fees and measures prevent fraudulent activity applying know-your-costumer (kyc) policies. the next.exchange platform will able support the most popular cryptocurrencies, including, but not limited to, bitcoin, litecoin, dash, ethereum (including erc), nem, electra, electroneum, rupee and next. these will all fully paired with all other cryptoand fiat currencies. cryptocurrency crowdfunding since the founding kickstarter, the crowdfunding markets have developed into industry with over billion+ active assets. compared crowdfunding, the current cryptocurrency market volume even higher. despite being relatively new, the ico market has already overpassed kickstarter's volume. this rather impressive, considering that the market still its early stages, with ridiculously high ceiling for crowdfunding and profit generation. next.exchange believe that icos will replace ipos entirely the near future, due developing technologies and obsolete business practices. icos will provide companies all sizes with rapid financing solutions and liquidity such rate that ipos will soon lose their appeal and competitive advantages. next.exchange whitepaper may instant ico deployments currently, initial coin offering very time-consuming and strenuous process, which may take months hard work fulfill. next.exchange will provide users with fully automated api web services which ico token sales can launched almost instantaneously. will provide ready-to-go programming code that icos may launched the same day request filed, accompanied target audience list and automated marketing procedures implemented attract investor attention new prospective icos. considering that next.exchange will provide all the necessary services, token supplies, smart contracts and legal documentation, will require small fee for our services. next.exchange whitepaper may the next token although greatly value our shareholders, want everyone have the opportunity become involved the early stages our exciting, groundbreaking company, and have the opportunity generate profit, taking the first steps the direction towards revolutionizing the digital asset market and corporate finance industry. exchanges work because people use them buy and sell their digital assets. and the more assets our exchange platform has, the more profits will made, which means more income returns back our token holders. will provide interested parties with all pertinent information needed decide whom follow the industry. this includes fully detailed profile outlines depicting profit and loss over time, plus historic graphs analyzing business performances and trades. token holders will also have the benefit being notified each time successful trade placed and can monitor the overall profit ratios over time. provide our token holders additional features like: access fiat gateway with over dozen (local) currencies. days earlier access new listings. lower transactions fees the platform. pool trading fiat, cryptocurrencies and (digital) assets. the ability automatically follow another successful investor practices and trends. full range professional analytic tools and insight (credit) information tools. token rewards for high-volume trading activities and bringing new investors. token holders will have the opportunity reap rewards for large volume trading and referrals new investors our platform. next.exchange whitepaper may profit sharing for token holders next.exchange will share its profits with token holders. while next.exchange services need have certain centralized elements for its launch, strive towards decentralization and the minimization trust related issues. all trades next.exchange will publicly reported and visible the "token holder" section our website. this not only standard practice but requirement for all regulated exchanges cryptocurrency and otherwise. verify the integrity our trade data, users will able check the trades they made the published trade data section our website. furthermore, all completed trades receive sequential trade number, which ensures that there are gaps the compiled data. stated previously, dividends will paid out quarterly basis based these quarterly results, next.exchange will load the eth (ethereum) amount dividend payouts onto smart contract. the smart contract will contain table dividend distributions. think snapshot taken when dividends have been declared. token holders will then proceed query the smart contract dividend distribution function move dividends from the wallet which the tokens were stored the time the "snapshot" was taken. the smart contract will proceed pay out dividends the wallet that made the request after validating all provided information. the "snapshots" not match the dividend payout amounts validity, the smart contract will refuse the payout request. this means that either all dividends will paid out fairly and accurately dividends will released all. next.exchange researchers will monitor real-time dividend payouts micro transactions. however, the ethereum network's capabilities not currently extend high-volume transactions such small size. therefore, intended that this will become readily available option when the ethereum network gains the capability receive shares and lighting network capabilities dividends can paid quarterly token holders, starting three months after the public release next.exchange's platform. https://github.com/ethersphere/swarm https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/sharding-faq https://github.com/raiden-network/raiden next.exchange whitepaper may the next blockchain make sure next.exchange can handle forecasted traffic and trading volume, the development unique blockchain has started with the following features: ability process transactions second. transaction costs the blockchain. decentralized scalability. integration smart contracts and multiple assets. universal wallet applications for web and mobile. real-time global payments. cross-over platform integrations (api). and much more... with this impressive speed, are able execute lighting fast exchange-transaction and connect payment cards our blockchain even third party services, like insurances, energy contracts, big data the internet things. the next blockchain hold assets which are listed the platform and completely secure, infinitely scalable and decentralized. next.exchange whitepaper may roadmap next.exchange whitepaper may conclusion digital assets and blockchain technology will definitely change the world. next.exchange wants there when happens. hope this offering innovative and secure platform where users around the world can safely and easily exchange their assets. every day, cryptocurrencies are gaining more and more legitimacy. the number companies that are starting accept cryptocurrencies means payment increasing daily basis. reddit, wordpress, baidu, and other online businesses like pizza chains, grocery stores, gyms, entertainment centers, and even vending machines are accepting cryptocurrencies lieu traditional fiat. are living period digital financial revolution bitcoin and ethereum are pioneering the cryptocurrency era. however, the diverse cryptocurrency scene falls short convincing public masses its legitimacy and safety. next.exchange have the ability and capability guide the cryptocurrency stock exchange into new age. age which gives both novices and experienced traders peek into and piece history the future corporate finance practices. next.exchange whitepaper may so... what are you waiting for? let's exchange! join our path towards financial revolution. stay tuned new developments and news following on: facebook https://www.facebook.com/nextexchanger/ twitter https://twitter.com/nextexchange linkedin https://www.linkedin.com/company// telegram https://t.me/next_exchange visit the website on: https://next.exchange next.exchange singel amsterdam next.exchange whitepaper may