nexty public blockchain whitepaper november contents introduction problem vision mission solution dual cryptocurrency confirmation system governance trustless stablecoin unbiasable randomness cross-chain relay lightclient future development roadmap conclusion achievement acknowledgement introduction future payment would completely different from the traditional one. future payment refers when people can make any purchase without cash, anywhere, any time and without any transaction fees. foreseen mean future payment, nexty shall support businesses all sizes and scopes overcome barriers trading, revolving around three deciding factors: instant transfer zero transfer fees price stabilization how can nexty this? nexty ethereum open source dccs consensus algorithm ethereum was created since then, has become one the most successful blockchain platforms among the others. ethereum's core feature, smart contract, distinguishes from bitcoin. developers can build dapps ethereum that can serve different purposes: wallet, finance, entertainment, marketplace, and much more. there are thousands them were built and running ethereum. however, new improvements are necessary ethereum becomes payment platform. transaction fees and time ethereum are problematic for payment the future. implemented ethereum source code, nexty shall support other dapps which are running its predecessor, swap nexty easily. these dapps will benefit greatly from nexty core features: instant transfer and zero transfer fee. problem the modern banking system, although made some adaptation from ever changing technology, still has major setbacks, especially international transaction. cross-border payment processing corporations i.e visa, mastercard, paypal and stripe are invented handle such problems. however, the fees are high, which can reach for each transaction. this often requires frequent travelers bring cash along with their trips. cryptocurrency has been drawing lot attention recently, although 'evaluated' the solution the above backlogs but has not really solved them. some cryptocurrencies has reduced international settlement time near-instantaneous threshold, but soon after, became overloaded when the number users increased drastically; not mention some lacking decentralization which people love bitcoin and ethereum. vision leica intern. she new the city, carrying small luggage and her phone. she has been contact with her landlord jimmy discuss sub-renting his studio apartment. after receiving the apartment's location and pictures, she transferred the deposit jimmy's nexty account. handover day, they set items the existing digital contract established nexty's partners. accept the contract and confirm the payment period six months, nexty just needs scan the code jimmy's phone. after that all other steps will performed automatically. all daily payment activities leica are that simple. from food fashion, other expenses can performed through nexty's account easily scanning the code. jimmy has his own business, importing large amount lamb from other countries sell the domestic market. every time performing international transfer business partner abroad, requires lot time with high transaction fees. however, with the help nexty blockchain, jimmy does quickly the partners belonging the ecosystem nexty terms creating and following lc. the contract's articles are intelligently formatted under the electronic form. this can well reflected this new business transaction stream. jimmy recently signed contract with lambrovider, lamb-exporter new zealand. the disbursement guaranteed, and payments are fully made every point the action compliant with the contract. lambrovider has bunch orders this year. with its limited cash available account, they are not able gather enough lamb meat export. they have worked with ecobank, one the partners the ecosystem nexty. since ecobank could verify that the contract with jimmy reliable and they are able reimburse the payment, the loan was quickly approved. everything needed was the information digital contract between lambrovider and jimmy. mission nexty wants create blockchain platform for: the unbanked people who doesn't have access the banking system. travelers that need low-cost international financial services. business owners who want accept cryptocurrency payment. anyone that requires contract that execute the terms inside automatically without any third-party. innovators who need fast and low-cost transaction for their decentralized applications (dapps). nexty blockchain will integrate all the necessary dapps, online retailers, and businesses create ecosystem that allows people transact freely and instantly. future where money from kenya travels singapore matter seconds. since the outburst privacy violation scandals, nexty shall autonomous blockchain that allows our users monitor each other the network. furthermore, the network will entirely open-source. developers, freelancers, and businesses could advance the network building new and pragmatic dapps, that has the necessity for instant transaction confirmation with minimal fees. solution nexty understands the importance major blockchain networks, our solutions only seek provide users with simplicity and security while interacting with blockchain technology. appendix nty nexty coin mnty package equivalent nty ntf nexty foundation coin dccs dual cryptocurrency confirmation system vdf verifiable delay function rng random number generator virtual machine dual cryptocurrency confirmation system fast and free are the first and foremost vital feature that nexty harbored since the ico. our consensus, dual cryptocurrency confirmation system includes two types cryptocurrency operating concurrently. the former called nty, the main cryptocurrency for daily transactions. the latter called ntf, for transaction confirmation system. transaction confirmation system built peer-to-peer network with specific criteria meet operational requirements. the breakthrough here that instead charging per transaction, those who are the holders ntf will able set sealer and get rewarded with small amount nty the end sealing round. this allows the transaction fees zero while still guaranteeing the benefits the persons who contribute transaction confirmation system. any sealer who had deposit sufficient ntf into governance can become sealer and enter the sealing round. they will shuffled randomly the process selecting set sealers simple. essentially, there are eligible ntf holders enter the sealing round. they will numbered from the sealing id, and each calculated based hash ensure the randomness. then the sealer will picked the following formula: block) mod the current block number that being sealed. block the canonical block number when the sealing round started. the total number authorized sealer when the sealing round started. the number equal the sealing id, then who has that sealing will seal the block, followed the subsequent sealers based the order imposed the random number generator. specifications coin nty presale date december ico date december transaction fee nty block time seconds circulating supply ,,, nty total supply ,,, nty nexty foundation specifications coin ntf available august available for holders the first pnty maximum supply ntf governance the original model proof stake(pos) requires sealers stake into the network, which turn determines the percentage successfully mined blocks for every sealer. with dccs, nexty separate the responsibilities each token. for only the first billion nty joining smart staking program within months: nty the wallet will have ntf generated automatically. only ntf holders will given the right sealers and confirmation machine for nty. for full sealer with ntf, the nty rewards for each block is: (,,, nty block however, ntf holders not have the right vote for nexty blockchain decisions the future, such block size upgrades, mining speeds, transaction confirmation. the rights will belong nty holders with fair votes, hence the creation nexty governance. governance sole purpose offering nexty users the ability regulate the network activities including mining pool creation and vote. because the limited number ntf, wholly owned sealer uncommon. only users who invested nexty during the ico could possess ntf, which hinders the availability ntf the market. poolmaster addition nexty governance, that grants users the ability support the network and get rewards based their contribution. every pool needs ntf run, exceeding this amount won't give the sealer more rewards. any user could create new pool and get predetermined portion the sealing reward. trustless stablecoin stablecoins was invented solution for cryptocurrency mass adoption. essentially, stablecoins are pegged fiat value, usually $., with the purpose mitigating fluctuation cryptocurrency investments. collateralization with fiat currency cryptocurrency will maintain the pegged value around its place. while has one leg the decentralized area, the other leg still buried the centralized bank. fiat backed stablecoins like tether (usdt) has raised some serious trust issues, because the concern that doesn't have enough fiat currency reserve keep its peg. moreover, some earlier elastic supply stablecoin attempted bring centralized banking model the cryptocurrency (like nubits, basis even nexty smart staking some extent). but the critical failure come from the fact that centralized banking rely the growing economic, they don't have permanently deflate fiat supply, they can just borrow money from the future (using bonds), and expect the economy will grow, along with the new demand. cryptocurrency, especially the early adoption state, demand can decreased zero, and there's nothing wrong with that. working elastic supply stablecoin needs deal with all the changes demand, the best and the worst case scenarios.. not only rewarding people for joining the network, nexty incentivizes them stay. our stabilization procedure consists coins: nty and newsd. nty holders represent the contribution nexty ecosystem transactions confirmation, capital investment providing service the network. they are rewarded with capital gains when the network grows. newsd holders represent the customer interacting with nexty services, given prioritized protection the network. when the absorption mechanism triggered any fluctuation from the market, nty holders are responsible for ingesting the fluctuated price converting between nty and newsd. market order issued the consensus will automatically fill enough buying/selling newsd orders from the highest bidders lowest askers. rate expansion will convert nty most newsd supply. rate contraction will convert most newsd supply nty. exchange rate determined the market itself, via system exchange orders. this means any changes the price newsd would absorbed pushing the fluctuation onto the supply nty. additionally, market orders will match from the highest bidder downwards, until the absorption amount filled. for example, when order from the market requires newsd minted, with the price per nty, anyone who's willing sell nty will match that order; then nty will converted mint newsd, and burnt afterwards. when the network grows, meaning that demand for newsd will increase. the system will activate absorption phase convert nty newsd, which increases the price nty. all nty holders have the responsibility stabilize the network, and greatly benefit from it. unbiasable randomness randomness crucial many applications from real the computer world, centralized distributed system, and now the blockchain world. unfortunately, distributed rngs are susceptible prediction and biasing, including nakamoto consensus, private vrfs, pvss, and unique threshold signature. verifiable delay function the only known solution truly unbiasable randomness, and it's now available for both the new nexty consensus and user smart contract. systems and applications secured vdf have the following valuable properties: truly unpredictable and unbiasable. minimal security requirement: one single honest participant can secure the whole network. energy efficient. nexty consensus uses vdf generate random numbers, the result not predictable nor biasable any adversaries. minimizes the risks malicious sealers and protects the network. the consensus designed that every time vdf output found, the sealing queue will have new random set sealers. vdf will also the backbone for many future applications that require reliable randomness, whether it's on-chain smart contract, dapps, even traditional centralized applications. could voting app elect official candidates committee; another app generate random numbers for lottery company. there are myriads use for unbiasable randomness generator. cross-chain relay lightclient the near future, different blockchain platforms shouldn't restrict user's activities only inside that chain. they should able communicate with each other, even though they have different protocols and token standards. acknowledged this, nexty proposed cross-chain relay and lightclient our future development plan. cross-chain communication not easy task, because the protocols the involving blockchains not support it. relaying chain data and lightclient both require protocol for the client easily verify any data contained the blockchain with only small part the chain data. relay contract also light-client with even more limited resources. eventually, cross-chain relay will allow users verify ethereum transactions nexty blockchain. lightclient the vital part the cross-chain relay protocol. the conventional way verify any transactions blockchain including every block from the genesis block the current block. that infeasible because the whole blockchain could upto gbs data. lightclient solution reduce the size the blockchain containing and verifying only the blocks that affect the consensus. able authorize any blocks can relayed with much less data than the total data the blockchain. future development nexty not destination, but rather the process constant development and innovation. many core technologies and features will come the platform adapt new communities and markets. the next upgrade the protocol will focus improving the contract language and storage model support many dapp designs and patterns, including (but not limited to): distributed storage model asynchronous contract call scheduling and event handling these upcoming features will helpful tools for freelancers, developers, and businesses seamlessly build their dapps which helps expanding the ecosystem nexty. roadmap please refer nexty homepage for more information about the roadmap nexty.io/roadmap/ conclusion achievements since nexty has completed many milestones set both inside and outside the roadmap including: nexty consensus: dccs mainnet release smart staking nexty wallet app multisig wallet nexty govenance sealing pool unbiasable randomness decentralized trustless stablecoin relay-friendly consensus epilogue although nexty blockchain auspicious, even competitive similar blockchain platforms, lack adoption still presenting hindrance our forthcoming development. possessing adoption weapons and partnerships with our strategic allies such ezpay distinguishes from others. nexty hope that could find and collaborate with more and more platforms and businesses that need our exceptional features. nexty will persevere until the vision the payment blockchain platform the future fulfilled. acknowledgement nexty public blockchain would like thank the effort the board executives, the development team, the marketing team, and the board advisors for their tireless contribution this open-source project. contact website: nexty.io email: support@nexty.io medium: nextyplatform facebook: nexty platform telegram: nexty.io-community reddit: /r/nextyplatform twitter: @nextyio