nexus: peer-to-peer network july abstract "you never change things fighting the existing reality. change something, build new model that makes the existing model obsolete" buckminster fuller throughout history have witnessed many changes our culture, technology, and governance. these changes are fueled necessity for the further evolution mankind. now humanity approaches another one these times history, where the way everything has been done must changed; this why built nexus. peer-to-peer technology fuels the backbone global blockchain-based cryptocurrency represented the ticker: nxs which traded world-wide alternative currency with the capacity rival world economies. the framework, nexus, utilizes new distributed database designs, mathematical trust, community governance, ground-based mesh networks, and low earth orbit satellite constellation. are nexus, connection people, ideas, and computers providing greater choice and therefore greater evolution with aim towards our freedom. welcome the future. contents introduction what nexus? what blockchain? how are blocks created? are blockchains the answer? challenges money nexus hardware mesh networks cube satellites ground stations software specifications hashing sha- sha- skein skein-keccak comparison bit and bit emission reserves rewards minting block validation dense prime clusters hashing holdings difficulty trust weight threshold genesis intervals clock drift security time-locks checkpoints post-quantum considerations grover's algorithm elliptic curve cryptography curve groups and fields private keys public keys shor's algorithm zalka, proos and kaye proos-zalka algorithm kaye-zalka algorithm the benefits larger keys side channel attacks secpk key accommodations nexus post-quantum cryptography conclusion current research and development vision philosophy nicomachean ethics kingdom ends the tao principles d.. individual d.. collective how make change list contributors written by: colin cantrell bryan gmyrek, ph.d. kierre reeg with contributions by: keith smith preston smith jacynda smith edited by: mara michael "fides stellis, virtus numeris" white paper revised july nexus: connection series connections linking two more things. oxford english dictionary introduction peer-to-peer networks are forming the foundations digital industries worldwide. this ecosystem continues evolve innovators advance the growing body open-source protocols, including bitcoin, bittorrent, tor, and ipfs. the utility these networks has increasingly affected people throughout the world. for the first time history, the transmission value can occur without the need for intermediaries. now, almost ten years from the release satshosi nakamoto's bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system debuted cypher punk e-mail list time economic crisis, many benefits have been realized including but not limited to: viz. enhanced financial security, emancipation from centralized banking systems, and the possibilities future applications blockchains. however, many challenges have also been identified such scaling, consensus updates, and considerations for the post-quantum era that almost upon us. resolving some these identified issues, nexus has enhanced the blockchain protocol, thereby providing solid foundation for the digital economies the future. what nexus? nexus connection, series connections, computers, businesses, and people with focus establishing new applications finance, technology, service, and sovereignty. what blockchain? blockchain decentralized and immutable public database transactions. the database organized connecting chain blocks together. each block contains group transactions. the blocks are ordered time and "chained" together using cryptographic hashes. large quantities computational resources must expended create each block hash, and each block contains the previous block's hash: this how they are chained. the blocks are produced intervals, forming chain verifiable blocks that contain the transaction history providing data form that cannot altered without redoing the work the previous blocks confirmations. the end result single, immutable journal transactions grouped through timeordered blocks distributed and verified all the nodes the network. how are blocks created? blocks are created distributed network miners (users operating special hardware solve the proof work puzzles) process called mining. analogy for mining, imagine many people are sitting room out motivation win prize they solve their rubik's cube first. the tiles the rubik's cube can thought the transactions, with one these tiles representing the prize (mint) the winner allowed claim they solve the cube. however, they are only allowed make one random change per iteration and they are limited the speed their hands (some may faster than others). eventually one player will end with solved cube. when one finds the solution, they show the other players the room. the other players independently verify that the cube solved properly, the winner rewarded with the prize and new round begins. cryptographic hash function hash function which takes input (or 'message') and returns fixed-size alphanumeric string. the string called the 'hash value'..." the concept cryptographic chain blocks dates back ehrsam, meyer, smith and tuchman's invention cipher block chaining (cbc) []. nb: this distinct from blockchain discussed here many ways, notably because does not include proof-of-work. this generically called proof-of-work but also includes sunny king's innovation: proof-of-stake []. are blockchains the answer? blockchains have become more necessary become aware the challenges are facing our current progression society. maintaining open minds recognize the challenges face, become aware the limitations that legacy monetary systems cannot solve. seen that blockchains solve many monetary challenges, such uncontrolled inflation, central banking, and many others, they are only part the solution our current economic circumstances. quantitative easing: unconventional monetary policy which central bank purchases government securities other securities from the market order lower interest rates and increase the money supply investopedia the term blockchain should not confused with any encrypted database. the dollar essentially online virtual currency encrypted between banks that redeemable for federal reserve notes paper money. this does not make the dollar blockchain. what makes blockchain decentralized public journal with central authority. owning particular portion cryptocurrency, you prove partial ownership the financial system. challenges money the application and implementation the world's monetary systems has become the source one the biggest challenges face today. this due the many global policies designed for empowering central banks create currencies debt with interest associated. central banks have the ability influence world economies changing interest rates, printing massive sums money (otherwise known inflation hyperinflation), quantitative easing, through various other forms credit creation. there are many historical examples central authorities who have misused this enormous power, knowingly unknowingly, the detriment the people that these institutions exist serve. these include post-world war germany with hyperinflation per month, zimbabwe during the great recession the last decade with nearly billion percent per month inflation, and post-world war hungary, with inflation rates nearly ,,,,% per year. nexus multiple components need considered when providing the fundamental basis for change and freedom. the following brief outline the core components that comprise the foundation nexus. hardware nexus researching and developing three types networks that will work together form new telecommunications system. these are outlined the sections below. mesh networks mesh network network topology which each node relays data for the network. all mesh nodes cooperate the distribution data the network []. this allows for the growth groundbased networks handle data exchange localized areas. ground-based mesh networks will solve many telecommunication issues. specialized antennas can produced for people purchase and operate, thereby forming networks owned the individuals who built it. cube satellites mesh networks grow, they will need overcome the problem with line sight and transcontinental communication. this issue can solved with the deployment satellite constellation designed focus towards orbital the estimated per day inflation equates about thirteen quadrillion percent per year cache layers and mesh network relays. this will provide caching data and relaying data between ground-based mesh networks. ground stations ground stations will provide the satellite uplink/downlink operations. these stations will responsible for ground-based caching, the running nexus daemon, and the defining route relay data the addressed endpoint. software there are many types software applications that are integral parts the functionality and efficiency nexus. the software systems are constantly being developed and improved upon nexus continues mature. daemon nexus operates lower-level software application called the "nexus daemon". instances this software application communicate with one another, forming peer-to-peer network. they exchange data the form transactions and secure them into distributed database called blockchain. wallet command line and graphical version the nexus wallet currently available for download []. new version the nexus wallet will higher-level graphical application written the electron framework. this will allow access the functions the "nexus daemon" through html/js interface with native windows, linux, and mac installers. library the lower-level library includes three parts, namely crypto, database, and protocol. they form lower-level set programming base templates that can used create more complex class structures top them. this under active development the time this writing. specifications this section provides details the specifications the main software component nexus, the "nexus daemon". this software component the foundation the nexus network and takes into account precise emission, mining, trust, and other components security and efficiency. hashing hashing critical part any cryptocurrency. the recent sha- collision computation google underscores the need for more secure hashes []. one the innovations nexus the use newer hashing functions with the goal enhanced security. sha- sha- member the sha- set cryptographic hash functions. was designed the national security agency (nsa) and published []. sha- used bitcoin mining and the creation bitcoin addresses []. sha- nexus uses newer, more secure hashing algorithm than that bitcoin. the sha- standard was the result competition with the goal producing alternative sha-. this competition was organized the national institute standards and technology (nist). the winner this competition was selected the new sha- standard algorithm subset the cryptographic primitive family, keccak []. skein the skein algorithm was the runner the nist hash function competition []. also used nexus, combination with sha-. the advantage this approach greater diversity the secure hashing functions used nexus. sha stands for secure hashing algorithm. skein-keccak nexus hashing built from two secure hashing algorithms: skein and keccak []. these two algorithms figure four the rounds are combined form single sk- the threefish- block cipher used (skein-keccak bit) hash. skein []. there are three types output lengths nexus hashing: sk-, sk-, and sk-. public keys are hashed with sk- secure them from public knowledge until spent. transactions are hashed with sk- while sk- used for the proof-of-work hash. comparison bit and bit the following example illustrates the difference size between nexus block hash and bitcoin block hash: bitcoin hash bit) bbda nexus hash bit) edaeebedefceedbdabdfffc fbabcbfcfcefcd effcccaafcafbadcbf emission bitcoin, fixed amount btc available reward for miners every block. this amount halves every four years, thereby reducing bitcoin's inflation. however, this sudden change the block reward shock the market. miners spend large sums money equipment and personnel. when the block reward halves, their profits are cut half overnight. such uncertainty could possibly have negative effect network security []. nexus improves upon this model adjusting the reward with every block. using the equations for exponential decay (with carefully chosen constant k), (e-kt deposit made into reserves every minute. the reserve determines the available reward for miners. the supply locked time and not the block production rate. inconsistent block times have effect the exact supply. this allows the projected supply accurately calculated any second past the network time lock. reserves traditional water reservoir holds water that can drawn upon town. the total amount water the town can draw limited based how much the reservoir. similar way, the nexus reserve system controls how much nxs available miners given time. there are three reserves. the amount nxs deposited into each reserve mathematically determined the decay equations. e-.*tm e-.*tm e-.*tm where the time minutes and are the reserve deposit amounts for miner, ambassador, and developer reserves. theoretically because this reduction profits can foreseen, miners can prepare for ahead time. realistically, it's difficult for miners account for this fast-changing system. rewards the rewards are calculated based the reserve value. this prevents surplus emission beyond the target level. these three equations describe the intervals which the block reward changes based reserve values compounding the value from equations where the actual time, the offset time, and the target time. minting peer-to-peer networks, such bitcoin and nexus, require the support many nodes around the world. there aren't enough nodes, network stability, decentralization, speed, and security suffer. bitcoin suffers from tragedy the commons issue wherein everyone wants more people run the peer-to-peer wallet, but there little incentive so. nexus solves this problem figure interest rate graph. rewarding people with newly minted coins for holding nexus and keeping their wallet and running put simply, someone installs the nexus wallet their computer and deposits enough nxs, then they will occasionally find block and earn extra nxs. this minting system operates give people larger rewards for greater contribution the network. one produces blocks using this method the tragedy the commons economic problem which every individual tries reap the greatest benefit from given resource. the demand for the resource overwhelms the supply, every individual who consumes additional unit directly harms others who can longer enjoy the benefits []. this way support the network and earn nexus without costly and difficult-tooperate mining hardware and software. timely manner, one's trust grows. with higher trust score comes higher minting rate. the minting rate ranges from .*ln( ln() where the age your trust key (the number seconds since the trust key's genesis transaction). block validation there are three ways produce valid nexus block and mint new nxs. there are two proof-of-work channels and one proof-of-holdings channel. the proof-of-work channels are the prime channel and the hashing channel. the prime channel, miners search for dense prime clusters digits size. the hash channel, standard hashcash style work computed using the sk- hashing algorithm. the two proof-of-work channels prevent each other from producing too many blocks row, thus forcing attacker across both channels. dense prime clusters the work done miners the prime channel search for dense prime clusters []. finding these dense prime clusters trial-and-error process. miners must try many numbers successfully find one that the beginning dense prime cluster the count prime numbers dense prime cluster called its chain length. dense prime cluster with longer chain length more difficult find than one with shorter chain length. the first prime number the chain required higher than the block hash and less than the block hash plus the first prime the cluster fits these criteria, reserves between prime and hash are split evenly the numbers found these searches are actually probable primes []. they pass the fermat primality test base the "chain" here should not confused with the chain blockchain. the block hash can't determined priori for future blocks because it's based previous block information. therefore, miner must start their prime cluster search over again after each new block found. considered valid solution. one benefit searching for dense prime clusters that thought more resistant gpu, fpga, and asic mining than hashing. another that the data produced the miner useful for mathematical research into prime numbers []. the applications prime number research may extend beyond mathematics and into quantum physics []. this one the ways that nexus provides value back the scientific community and the world. hashing the hashing channel uses hashcash style proof-of-work. miners run code gpus attempt find hash that meets given difficulty. they are lucky, they will find hash with least certain number leading bits. this means that the hash preceded number and smaller integer. this called "partial collision". this similar the proof-of-work scheme that bitcoin uses. bitcoin uses sha- while nexus uses the newer sha- combination with skein. holdings proof-of-holdings (poh) provides third channel security. attacker would need gain percent the nxs supply attack this channel conjunction with the hash and prime channels. the incentive for this proof system newly minted coins which are rewarded participants for actively "holding" their coins. this means the network incentives users contribute the security the system. this provides natural growth the coin supply over time that will highly beneficial the network, economy, and users. unlike current central bank models, this new supply coins goes directly into the users hands rather than being filtered through fractional reserve system. furthermore, these newly minted coins have zero debt associated with their issuance and, therefore, never need paid back the system with associated interest, the case with many current fiat currencies. the minting rate was determined variable rate between and provide small natural growth the coin supply allowing for increased economic opportunity. difficulty the difficulty finding block adjusted with every new block. the nexus difficulty algorithm combines weighted averages for the last blocks. weighted average time, calculated follows: w*i[tb (h-n+i)-tb (h-n+i-) where the current block height, the block time stamp given height, the blockchain depth, and weight constant (currently set odd the factor used modify the difficulty ind odd axd otherwise where the target time, the offset time, ind the minimum difficulty decrease and axd the maximum difficulty increase. it's vice trust everyone, and equally vice trust one. seneca trust trust core component nexus. nodes which have vested interest and are acting benefit the whole network participating honestly and consistently are considered more trustworthy. currently, trust earned holding nexus wallet and producing valid blocks regular basis. this earned trust recorded the nexus blockchain and associated with trust key. future areas research and development nexus are focusing using the concept trust many ways. using trust, new security model can developed around time. the strength the nexus economy and its reliability will reinforced promoting truthfulness between the voluntary interactions with individuals and groups individuals. weight weight governs the speed which one can search for new trust blocks. comes the form two different weight variables: block weight (wb and trust weight (wt in(., *at ln( ln() in(., *ab ln( ln() where the trust age and the block age. threshold system has been developed allow energy-efficient time-based trust system. this regulated the energy efficiency threshold *ta nonce the required threshold (-wt -wb where the total nxs trust transaction. genesis the genesis transaction the first transaction trust key. this required act the root the trust key's age order gain reference its current weight and minting rate. the hash this genesis transaction can therefore used input future transactions verify that trust block linked corresponding genesis transaction. the following equation describes the genesis weight required get high enough threshold achieve the creation genesis transaction and corresponding block in(., *ac .*ln( ln() where the coin age the coins which are being used. intervals trust blocks cannot created from the same trust key unless the interval number blocks between their last trust block exceeds clock drift clock drift refers several related phenomena where clock does not run exactly the same rate reference clock []. this usually resolved connecting central server and/or atomic clock. nexus combats this with peer-to-peer time-keeping system that keeps all clocks the network synchronized the unified time seed. security when the clocks are synchronized, higher level security occurs with regards the timestamps. this because bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies generally allow hours the future for clock drift, which means that genesis transaction weight does not include block weight. blocks can created hours from the timestamp, thereby leaving potential attack vectors. nexus combats this synchronization not with median time, bitcoin uses, but rather with unified time system that operates the protocol level keeping all nexus clocks synchronized the second. time-locks because clocks the nexus network are synchronized, new rules can activated the protocol based time stamps rather than block numbers. this allows network participants more accurately activate consensus updates. checkpoints automated decentralized checkpoints are created every hour. checkpoint prevents any block that was not rooted from the last hardened checkpoint invalid. this prevents attacker from producing alternative blockchain prior the last checkpoint time. think can safely say that nobody understands quantum mechanics. professor richard feynman, physics nobel laureate post-quantum considerations grover's algorithm grover's algorithm quantum algorithm which was devised lov grover bell labs. the summary grover's paper provides helpful description: "imagine phone directory containing names arranged completely random order. order find someone's phone number with probability one half, any classical algo- figure grover's algorithm two qubits rithm... will need look minimum names. quantum mechanical systems can superposition states and simultaneously examine multiplenames ... result, the desired phone number can obtained only steps []." given the output black box function, can used determine the input. this implies that most one-way cryptographic hash functions are susceptible this algorithm. indeed, grover's algorithm could brute-force -bit key roughly iterations. the algorithm proceeds call times the verification the subroutines. the largest overhead, though, grover's algorithm the cost error detection that must done classically ensure the accuracy the qubits and the two subroutines grover iteration. the first subroutine attempting assert maps only (x) the next subroutine called the "diffusion operator", and implements the transformation increase the probability that (x) illustrated table grover's algorithm results nearly reduction the security provided one-way hashing functions against brute probabilistic manner. total distilleries grover table resource comparison for grover search sha- and sha- t-count t-depth logical qubits physical qubits qubits per distillery total distilleries code distilleries physical qubits logical qubits code cycles total cost sha- sha- force attacks. this implies that hash, which has twice many bits, should used achieve the same level security against brute-force attacks. elliptic curve cryptography elliptic curve cryptography, terms classical computing, retains high security standards with smaller key sizes compared rsa []. the following equation can used represent elliptic curve: curve groups and fields figure illustration elin nexus, the elliptic curve domain param- liptic curve eters are based sectr defined the "standards for efficient cryptography recommended elliptic curve domain parameters" and they are defined over binary field the domain parameters that are used most other digital currencies are based secpk []. these parameters are associated with kolbitz curve and are defined over prime field private keys private key number that should only known the owner the coins given address. produce secure private key, it's necessary start with number that close truly random possible. anyone able determine what the private key is, they can move the coins another address. this why private key security important. you don't want anyone else find out what your 'secret number' is, and you don't want them able guess determine with complex algorithm based public information. both bitcoin and nexus use large numbers that there almost chance that anyone else will generate the same random number, and impossible for anyone try all the numbers. bitcoin keys are bits length, while nexus keys are more than twice long bits. bitcoin private key bit) kbklfzgwqnogiddamzpltszzyhwxmsssznydyxybkf nexus private key bit) wuivrocrpwnscftxstnihhnlbamsvkvxsqdlathtf vttnthimncmmnbjbcpxgxhstdeiazczlhjfmlrcfroyoqz public keys the public key derived from the private key using elliptic curve cryptography. it's easy derive public key from private key, but not private key from public key. however, there concern that, the future, this may possible with quantum computers. fortunately, modern cryptocurrencies, including nexus and bitcoin, not require users share even their public key. when you request payment nexus from someone, you first get nexus address from your wallet. this address not your public key. it's this handled the nexus wallet software generates private keys and stores them. "how many numbers? for every grain sand earth, create new earth. there are billion unique bitcoin addresses for each grain sand each those earths."[] because the keys nexus are longer, there are astronomically more possible nexus addresses. called public key hash, pkh. the name implies, it's created taking hash the public key. this means that attacker who wants figure out your private key first has determine your public key from the pkh. fortunately, this intractable problem. current research indicates this may take even quantum computers the order hundred billion years the public key associated with pkh not revealed until the coins are spent []. therefore, one can achieve high level quantum attack resistance simply not re-using addresses. now let's consider the question: adversary did know your public key, how hard would for them determine the all-important private key? for the answer this question, look the work peter shor. shor's algorithm peter shor devised method which could used solve the integer factorization problem ifp and the discrete logarithm problem dlp polynomial time quantum computer []. this was important achievement because these problems have classical polynomial time solution. this means that, classical computer, they can't solved any amount time which can represented for example etc. because this, they are used cryptographic systems. the elliptic curve discrete logarithm problem (ecdlp) special case the dlp for elliptic curves. this more difficult problem solve classically than the dlp.[] this the type problem that needs solved order determine the private key from the public key for cryptocurrencies, such bitcoin and nexus. zalka, proos and kaye christof zalka, along with john proos and phillip kaye, have extended shor's work designing algorithms optimized for solving the ecdlp. the result the proos-zalka and kaye-zalka algorithms. layman's terms, this means that finding solution infeasible long large enough number used. proos-zalka algorithm the proos-zalka algorithm was specifically designed solve the ecdlp over prime field quantum computer. this attack elliptic curves over finite field. the qubit requirement for the breaking the ecdlp over prime field bits follows log kaye-zalka algorithm the kaye-zalka revision addresses curves over the binary field this specific field takes advantage binary computation bring quicker verification larger keys. the equation modeling the qubits required break key follows logm where related the halting counter and order log(m). the benefits larger keys "key length defines the upper-bound algorithm's security since the security all algorithms can violated brute force attacks []." minimum key length bits recommended for elliptic curve algorithms []. bitcoin keys are bits longer than this requirement while nexus keys are bits longer. according the national security agency "elliptic curve public key cryptography using the -bit prime modulus elliptic curve specified fips-- and sha- are appropriate for protecting classified information the secret level. use the -bit prime modulus elliptic curve and sha- are necessary for the protection top secret information []." brute force resistance the large bitcoin collider project that attempts brute forceattack bitcoin. participants this project generate many bitcoin public addresses possible first choosing random number given range. rarely, they happen generate public address that happens contain bitcoins and the bitcoins can stolen since they know what the private key is. key length defines the upper-bound algorithm's security against brute-force attacks. nexus uses significantly larger -bit keys than bitcoin's -bit keys and thus postulated more resistant these attacks. any case, rico the pseudonymous lead the lbc states: "finding ppkh -collision [one cryptographic method creating bitcoin addresses] would probably mean the end ppkh but not bitcoin," ... "bitcoin would evolve with new address types. most certainly wouldn't 'die' because this."[] this highlights one the ways that nexus providing value back the bitcoin ecosystem. using different elliptic curve parameters and different hashing algorithms, nexus paving the way for possible future enhancements bitcoin. instead merly researching discussing alternatives, nexus proving them live blockchain. longer solution time will take more time for quantum computer solve the ecdlp the key larger. the run times are predicted order o(n this means that key which twice long will take approximately four times long find with quantum computer. table qubits and time required break each key size for quantum ifp quantum ecdlp qubits time qubits time where the input length bits. classical time there are couple ways mitigate the risk such attack your bitcoins. first, don't keep too many coins one address. second, use multisig. pay public key hash[] side channel attacks secpk previously mentioned, bitcoin uses the bit secpk elliptic curve domain parameters defined the standards for efficient cryptography. under special circumstances, bitcoin private key can determined another process the same classical computer few signatures []. with quantum computing the horizon, and the fact that ecc already leaks private keys classically with side channel attacks, serious considerations must made the logic any use digital signature algorithms prove ownership any tokens. this the focus ongoing research and development nexus. key accommodations nexus nexus currently supports key sizes large bits, specifically sectr. order offer more choice and take advantage the larger number qbits required crack curves over prime fields, will also implement keys using different curves. the choice elliptic curve parameters subtle; care must taken avoid security pitfalls. several parameter choices have been developed, described the safecurves website []. plan add support for multiple curves nexus the future, giving people the choice what curve use and the ability use multisig with multiple curves. post-quantum cryptography since the newly emerging quantum computer era almost upon us, and many cryptographers are working new quantum encryption methods, nexus has chosen use key suites and high-bit keys provide quantum resistance while the post-quantum industry matures. the projected time before any practical quantum computers that could any damage around five ten years. doubling nexus key size, the required run time quadrupled; this provides more time carefully choose post quantum cryptographic method. this projected within the next few years the development post-quantum cryptography observed and studied more thoroughly. this called "side channel" attack. conclusion with modern hashing, upgraded private keys, multiple block validation methods, decentralized checkpointing, time synchronization, decentralized trust, variable block reward, time locked emission, decentralized minting, lower level library, quantum considerations, ground based mesh networks, and low earth orbit satilite constilations nexus one the most technologically advanced frameworks the planet. furthermore nexus also represents vision for better future for all mankind aligned with the principles life, liberty and the pursuit happiness. now have opportunity step away from existing systems simply changing our focus. can choose look away from the systems the past and focus our energy the systems the future. through the nexus framework, users now have the tools needed change the focus and connect through mathematically and cryptographically validated network. nexus exists publicly available, free-to-use, peer-to-peer network for people connect and improve the efficiency and quality their lives. peer-to-peer technologies have the capability help reshape our world and nexus represents important step forward this process. the noun "nexus" defined as: connection series connections linking two more things. nexus idea connection and the technology make this possible. through this connection that people will have the opportunity act together accord with one another, and pursue future that filled with wisdom, prosperity and joy. welcome nexus! current research and development there are many areas research currently under development for prospective implementation into the nexus framework. these include but are not limited to: scalability solutions, contracting engines, the tao update series (tritium, amine, obsidian), multi-level locking, lower level database enhancements, post-quantum cryptography, governance systems, protocol level checks and balances and social organization models. action without vision daydream, vision without action nightmare. vision vision one's ability think about plan the future with wisdom. wisdom the quality having experience, knowledge, and good judgment. this case, vision coupled with wisdom, which direct result experience and, therefore, knowledge. this means that vision attainable one willing learn from the experience the world. vision can understood greater depth applying the following conduct: capable verifying and/or understanding without premature conclusion discipline see what unaltered definitions and belief systems knowledge gained through the study reality, society, and the work others accordance with the laws nature, virtue accordance with the laws the self principle formed through the understanding this accordance philosophy philosophy the study the fundamental nature knowledge, reality, and existence with intent understand what is. following will include short list philosophies forming foundation for vision and principle integrate into greater virtue, reason, and success the form happiness being the ultimate value which each individual seeks. must not fear. fear the mind-killer. fear the little-death that brings total obliteration. will face fear. will permit pass over and through me. and when has gone past will turn the inner eye see its path. where the fear has gone there will nothing. only will remain. nicomachean ethics aristotle was ancient greek philosopher and scientist []. aristotle believed that virtue was essential achieving the ultimate goal: happiness. portion the philosophies described his works nicomachean ethics, idea was formed under the name the "golden mean" which described world excess and deficiency. this philosophy described the evils the world oppositions the growth life either excess deficiency. the golden mean described the quality having neither excess deficiency but rather "golden mean" between the two extremes. bene gesserit litany against fear from frank herbert's dune book series kingdom ends immanuel kant was born ahead his time the april, berlin, germany []. had many philosophies that are still studied this day. one his more notable works was called the kingdom ends. describes hypothetical existence where individuals act entirely rationally, and with reason. defines these people ones capable proper conduct. proposed that when those that were capable were able live under common law laws that were the utmost importance and necessity, that more harmonious and moral society could form kingdom ends. these common laws could considered reference points for the value actions kingdom ends, where its correlation with universal law provides the greatest value those the kingdom ends. his second formulation showed that individuals that live accordance with the principle treat ones fellowmen end themselves, were capable greater virtue, and therefore, joy. this describes idea and philosophy acting accordance and harmony with one's people kingdom ends, rather than each individual seeking one another means their own ends. "people can only belong the kingdom ends when they become subject these universal laws. such rational beings must regard themselves simultaneously sovereign when making laws, and subject when obeying them. morality, therefore, acting out reverence for all universal laws which make the kingdom ends possible. true kingdom ends, acting virtuously will rewarded with happiness." excerpt quoted from https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kingdom_of_ends the tao ancient china, the keeper the imperial library, lao tzu, was famous for his wisdom. perceiving the growing corruption the government, left for the countryside. his way, the guard the city gates asked lao tzu write out the essence his understanding benefit future generations. lao tzu wrote the tao ching, left, and was never heard again []. chapter the tao ching: the "tao" too great described the name "tao". could named simply, would not the eternal tao. heaven and earth began from the nameless (tao), but the multitudes things around were created names. desire understand the world giving names the things see, but these things are only the effects something subtle. when see beyond the desire use names, can sense the nameless cause these effects. the cause and the effects are aspects the same, one thing. they are both mysterious and profound. their most mysterious and profound point lies the "gate the great truth". people must have righteous principles the first, and then they will not fail perform virtuous actions. martin luther principles principles are the extensions philosophies that derive frameworks thought and act guidelines proper conduct between ourselves and others. d.. individual evaluate means greater knowledge happiness result virtue respect result depth freedom the truest expression d.. collective objective with receptivity, honest with communication respectful conduct, understanding conflict honor spoken word, harmony action how make change the cells our body work together provide the capacity for life. similarly, can compare the cells our planet each individual. understand the benefits cooperation, challenges can resolved thoroughly and quickly without unnecessary difficulties. this how make change; work together resolve challenges with viable solutions. this the most efficient and effective way bring change the direction our greatest preferences. the community the very foundation economy. economy only strong its foundation. when people loose faith economy, the base the economy will collapse and the value its system will fall with it. the nexus community already very resilient the stress markets. the community positive and inclusive group people from across the world who are all aiming towards the same goals transparency, prosperity, and freedom. nexus aims build strong community based savings culture and charity. the savings culture has been long lost but the best insurance policy for any uncertain times that may lie ahead. this helps the community hedge itself against high risk and volatile markets. the idea that your community member your neighbor. your neighbor does well, your local economy will prosper well. list contributors colin cantrell architect colin@nexus.io kierre reeg visionary kierre@nexus.io bryan gmyrek ph.d. core developer bryan@nexus.io preston smith community manager preston@nexus.io keith smith cryptocurrency expert keith@nexus.io jacynda smith cryptocurrency expert jacynda@nexus.io mara michael editor maramichael@q.com written some us, given all the nexus community team@nexus.io references bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system https://bitcoin. org/bitcoin.pdf what are some historic examples hyperinflation? investopedia. http://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers// what-are-some-historic-examples-hyperinflation.asp william ehrsam, carl meyer, john smith, walter tuchman, "message verification and transmission error detection block chaining", patent https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ block_cipher_mode_of_operation mesh networking. wikipedia. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mesh_ networking nexus releases github.com https://github.com/nexusoft/nexus/ releases skminer https://github.com/bitslapper/skminer wolf niro miner https://github.com/ohgodapet/wolf-niro-miner clock drift. wikipedia. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/clock_ drift nexusearth.com http://nexusearth.com/ cryptographic hash function. december wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. retrieved may from https: //simple.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=cryptographic_ hash_function&oldid=. king, s.; nadal, (august "ppcoin: peer-to-peer cryptocurrency with proof-of-stake" (pdf). peercoin.net. retrieved https://peercoin.net/assets/paper/peercoin-paper.pdf sec recommended elliptic curve domain parameters, daniel brown (dbrown@certicom.com), version section ... retrieved jan http://www.secg.org/sec-v.pdf secpk. bitcoin wiki. https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/secpk block hashing algorithm, bitcoin wiki https://en.bitcoin.it/ wiki/block_hashing_algorithm sha-. wikipedia. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sha- the skein hash function family. version oct http://www. skein-hash.info/sites/default/files/skein..pdf nist releases sha- cryptographic hash standard https://www.nist.gov/news-events/news/// nist-releases-sha--cryptographic-hash-standard hashcash denial-of-service countermeasure. adam back. http://www.hashcash.org/hashcash.pdf google security blog: announcing the first sha collison. feb https://security.googleblog.com/// announcing-first-sha-collision.html nist: sha- winner, october nd, http://csrc.nist.gov/ groups/st/hash/sha-/winner_sha-.html the nobel prize physics was awarded jointly sin-itiro tomonaga, julian schwinger and richard feynman "for their fundamental work quantum electrodynamics, with deep-ploughing consequences for the physics elementary particles" http://www. nobelprize.org/nobel_prizes/physics/laureates// nature: figure implementation grover's search algorithm, july th, http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v/ n/fig_tab/nature_f.html estimating cost generic quantum pre-image attacks, october th, https://arxiv.org/pdf/..pdf will bitcoin's block rewards consistency? coindesk. crisis-halving-bitcoin-mining/ip halving bring crisis http://www.coindesk.com/ quantum attacks public key cryptosystems, song yan http://www.springer.com/us/book/ bitcore-lib docs. script section. https://github.com/bitpay/ bitcore-lib/blob/master/docs/script.md golden mean. golden_mean/ http://www.anus.com/zine/articles/draugdur/ nicomachean ethics. wikipedia. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ nicomachean_ethics objectivism (ayn rand). wikipedia. https://en.wikipedia.org/ wiki/objectivism_(ayn_rand) kingdom ends. wikipedia. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ kingdom_of_ends aristotole. wikipedia. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aristotle immanuel kant. immanuel_kant wikipedia. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ thetao.info http://www.thetao.info/index.htm thetao.info chaper http://www.thetao.info/english/page. htm tragedy the commons. investopedia. http://www.investopedia. com/terms/t/tragedy-of-the-commons.asp nexus prime solo miner source code, github.com https://github. com/nexusoft/primesolominer nxsprime.com http://nxsprime.com probable prime. probable_prime wikipedia. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ fermat primality test. wikipedia. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ fermat_primality_test finding clusters primes, jorg waldvogel and peter leikauf, january http://www.sam.math.ethz.ch/~waldvoge/projects/ clprimes.pdf prime constellation wolfram mathworld http://mathworld. wolfram.com/primeconstellation.html wikipedia. prime k-tuple: prime constellations https://en. wikipedia.org/wiki/prime_k-tuple#prime_constellations quantum magazine: physicists attack math's $,, question. https://www.quantamagazine.org/ quantum-physicists-attack-the-riemann-hypothesis-/ polynomial-time algorithms for prime factorization and discrete logarithms quantum computer. peter shor (at&t research). http://arxiv.org/abs/quant-ph/ proos, zalka, shor's discrete logarithm quantum algorithm for elliptic curves. quant. inf. comput. (), (). https://arxiv. org/abs/quant-ph/ optimized quantum implementation elliptic curve arithmetic over binary fields. phillip kaye, christof zalka. https://arxiv.org/ abs/quant-ph/ daniel bernstein and tanja lange. safecurves: choosing safe curves for elliptic-curve cryptography. https://safecurves.cr.yp.to/ sha- quantum-proof, should last beellions years, say boffins. the register. http://www.theregister.co.uk//// sha_good_for_beelions_of_years_say_boffins/ estimating the cost generic quantum pre-image attacks sha- and sha- http://eprint.iacr.org// "ooh aah... just little bit" small amount side channel can long way. benger, van der pol, nigel smart and yarom. http://eprint.iacr.org// recovering openssl ecdsa nonces using the flush+reload cache side-channel attack. yuval yarom. naomi benger. february https://eprint.iacr.org//.pdf the amazing math bitcoin private keys james deangelo. weusecoins.com. https://www.weusecoins.com/ amazing-math-bitcoin-private-keys/ sha-. bitcoin wiki. https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/sha- sha-. wikipedia. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sha- nist (sha-) selects winner secure competition. october hash algorithm nist.gov https://www.nist.gov/news-events/news/// nist-selects-winner-secure-hash-algorithm-sha--competition skein (hash function). wikipedia. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ skein_(hash_function) the large bitcoin collider generating trillions keys and breaking into wallets. jordan pearson. apr motherboard. https://motherboard.vice.com/en_us/article/nzpvm/ the-large-bitcoin-collider-is-generating-trillions-of-keys-and-breaking-into-wall key size. wikipedia. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/key_size "information assurance". nsa.gov. --. archived retrieved july https://web.archive.org/web/ /http://www.nsa.gov/ia/programs/suiteb_ cryptography/index.shtml cryptography/brute force attack. wikibooks.org. retrived july https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/cryptography/brute_ force_attack bitcoin developer guide. ppkh script validation. bitcoin.org https: //bitcoin.org/en/developer-guide#ppkh-script-validation fast quantum mechanical algorithm for database search. lov grover (bell labs, murray hill nj) https://arxiv.org/abs/ quant-ph/