white paper bomesp (sao paulo virtual business currencies exchange) by: niobium foundaton team nbc ii. iii. iv. vi. vii. viii. ix. xi. xii. xiii. introduction ................................................................................................... niobium nbc.................................................................................................... what the bomesp?......................................................................................... advantages...................................................................................................... platform technologies..................................................................................... (i) niobium nbc.................................................................................. (ii) the bomesp...................................................................................... categories the bomesp tokens/currencies colorful coins............. (i) green coins........................................................................................... (ii) blue coins............................................................................................. (iii) gold coins............................................................................................ the bomesp services and their prices............................................................ the bomesp virtual currency....................................................................... (i) dividends report........................................................................ (ii) distributon the proft............................................................................. investment atms the ico the bomesp virtual currency niobium coin.............................. (i) token details........................................................................................ (ii) stage pre-presale details................................................................. (iii) stage pre-sale details....................................................................... (iv) stage crowd-sale details.................................................................. (v) ico pricing slabs:.................................................................................. (vi) team bonus allocaton over nbc:........................................................ the bomesp and niobium roadmap .................................................................... conclusion references.......................................................................................................... this inital cryptocurrency ofering (ico) not security ofering collectve investment schemee nor reqhuires registraton approval the singapore monetary authoritye well not being characterized securitye the terms brazilian legislatone and does not reqhuire registraton with the securites and exchange commission brazil and the terms the internatonal fnancial norms. for the chinese markete all the icos are temporarily suspendede whereby resident china must follow the regulatons their country. for the countries such the usa and others that follow the legislaton that countrye they must obey the regulatory rules that are imposed. one recommends the taxpayers that they read this document carefully and make the proper assessment. this white paper was developed with the collaboraton our fnancial market advisors and our legal consultants. introduction the worldwide digital coins market bubbling. the "bitcoin" was createde currency that based the cryptography developed the mit (sha)e the existence which was only possible means the concomitant creaton the "blockchain"e which was frstly defned the original source code the bitcoin. thuse the bitcoin closely related the creaton the blockchain. the original defniton was created with the publicaton the artcle "bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system"e published satoshi nakamoto (whose true identty was recently disclosed australian businessman craig wrighte who identfed himself being satoshi nakamoto). despite the technical evidences his identtye the frst bitcoin transactons the blockchain there are stll some controversies about this. the code was issued open code. thuse there was the start-up the bitcoin networke when the frst bitcoins were minted and traded the blockchain. the cryptocurrencies made the technological base the blockchaine having received the interest bankse companies and governmental organizatons. since thene modifcatons have been made based the original version and new applicatons were pegged the blockchain. the term "blockchain arose describe new databank project distributed by(sic) the blockchain. the economist newspaper described one the implementatons the second generaton the blockchaine the ethereume programing language that enables users develop smart contracts that are more sophistcated [...]". this discovery would enable the creaton "decentralized autonomous organizatons" (dao) virtual companies based only combinaton rules deriving from this new generaton the blockchain. the fnancial market estmated amount one billion dollars investment technology related the blockchaine according survey the ccn newscast. currently there are more than currencies being traded diferent platorms around the world. the coinmarketcap.com sitee which establishes the ranking the trading such currenciese shows that the marketcap(sic) all the currencies together soon will exceed level usd billion. the blockchain revolutone the virtual currencies which have been launched constantlye one ascertains that the later are not entailed the corporatons that are based the productone the service and the ownership any other type asset. all the currencies seek place themselves the markete but without any guaranteee despite seeking new technologiese the case the ethereum. the ethereume turne shows the greatest transformatons the blockchaine enabling the smart contractse already mentonede means the decentralized autonomous organizatonse which perfect order expedite the producton chains the companies. htps://www.economist.com/news/briefng/ff-technology-behind-bitcoin-lets-people-who-donot-know-or-trust-each-other-build-dependable htps://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/ethereum/ htps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_dao_(organizaton) htp://money.cnn.com////technology/bitcoin--billion-invested/index.html htps://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/views/all/ with the ethereum platorme the internet which was the revoluton the informaton the last four decadese such the emaile the world wide webe the dotcome the social mediae the mobile internete the big data (the large databank industry)e among other innovatonse new concept the internet was created: the "internet value". with the ethereum platorme everything which one can atribute value may sent the internet via blockchaine such cashe creditse instruments ownership real estate propertye votese sharese i.e.e any type assets. this new blockchain revolutone defended don tapscot and alex tapscot the work enttled "blockchain revoluton how the technology behind bitcoin changing moneye businesse and the world". view the development the ethereum technology for the blockchaine one has arrived greater viability for implementaton the sao paulo virtual business currencies exchange (bomesp) which will sponsored the niobium nbc. niobium nbc niobium cryptocurrency token that created the ethereum platorm sponsor all the services that will provided the sao paulo virtual business currencies exchange (bomesp). the valuaton the niobium will governed the law supply and demand. its launching will follow the market rules known ico (inital cryptocurrency ofering). the innovatons brought the niobiume view the use the smart contracts the ethereum platorme are (i) the possibility automatc distributone upon receipt bitcoins ethereumse which creaton niobium coins may only occur the period their icoe means tapscotte don "blockchain revoluton como tecnologia por tras bitcoin esta mudando dinheiroe negocios mundo" don tapscot (blockchain revoluton how the technology behind bitcoin changing moneye businesse and the world)e alex tapscote sso pauloe senai-sp editorae fhtps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ethereumssmart_contracts receipt ethereums the smart contract crowdsale. what does this mean? each niobium will only created someone pays for ite i.e.e they will created based the payment and not random. the end its icoe niobium may created; and (ii) niobium will the "fuel" currency the bomesp platorm. all those that create actvity with the purchase and sale virtual currencies purchase any service the bomespe shall with the use niobiums. ii. what the bomesp? smalle medium and large-sized companies have total need fnancing their projects and are fully reliant the banks ande last casee the capital marketse the principal examples which are the securites exchangese which make available electronic systems for custodye record transactons and fnancial setlement the public and private instruments market means custody center. the bomesp which not characterized confounds itself with exchange market provided brazilian legislaton appears change the concept ipo (inital public ofering)e which act the inital public ofering sharese i.e.e the moment which the company opens its capital and begins listed the stock exchange. the bomespe the companies may ofer their own assetse known tokense assetse even virtual currenciese exchanging them for niobiums. for these cases there shall use the already known icos (inital cryptocurrency ofering)e platorm for the trading currencies that are entailed the companies such the productone the servicese the eqhuity/assets and that can guaranteed backed their credibility and reputaton the business market. the bomesp will like this. htps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/inital_public_ofering iii. advantages elimination the exchange intermediiary andi lack confdience two partes are capable making exchange without the supervision intermediaton third partye thus strongly reducing even eliminatng the counterparty risk. empowerment the users the users will control all their informaton and transactons. high quality diata the blockchain data are completee consistente dated and precise and are made available broadly. durability, trustworthiness andi longevity due the fact that the networks are decentralizede the blockchain has central point failure and more resistant malicious atacks. integrity the process the users can assured that their transactons will carried out exactly determined the protocole removing the need for third party. transparence andi immutability public changes the blockchain are visible publicly all the partese creatng transparencye and all the transactons are immutablee i.e.e they cannot altered deleted. simplifcation the ecosystem with all the transactons being added one single public general ledger there reducton disorder and complicatons generated multple general ledgers. transactions that are more rapidi interbank transactons can take days cleared and arrive fnal covenante especially when outside business hours. transactons with the blockchain can reduce the tme for transactons minutes and are processed hours per day and days per week. lower cost per transaction eliminatng the intermediaton third partes and general expenses for exchange assetse the blockchain has the potental reducing signifcantly the transacton fees. digital practcally any document asset can expressed the form code and encapsulated referenced general ledger entrye which means that the blockchain technology has very broad applicatonse the majority which have not even been thought about implemented. technologies the platforms (i) the niobium nbc the niobium was created the ethereum platorm. why the ethereum? ethereum open code technology for smart contracts constructed the blockchain. the smart contracts ofer number beneftse the principal ones which are listed below: the smart contracts are completely autonomous and not reqhuire any human interventon; they are implemented using programming language known soliditye similar the javascripte and thus are consistent; the well-structured smart contracts are extremely resistant malicious atacks external adulteratons. (ii) the bomesp the bomesp technology aimed giving support the transactons with the maximum insttutonal security. the bomesp will optmized for insttutonale professional negotatons and will aimed the consumer. the corporate resources include: producton around one million transactons per second; more than types advanced orders including iceberge post onlye oco and tracing orders; routng advanced orderse management the life cycle the order and market risk confguratons; audited safety audits conducted independent third partes; scalable and extensible connectvity that enables integratons that are compatble with current and next-generaton platorms and services; advanced and fexible integraton with the services the banks such paymentse setlemente authentcatone kyc amle market datae etc.; appropriate for more than local currencies; the bomesp platorm will appropriate for all the types digital assets that can transacted with eqhuality with the bitcoine ethereume ripple and partcularly the niobiume among other digital currencies. vi. categories the bomesp tokens/currencies colorful coins (yourcompany coin) (i) green coins the green coins will traded the bomesp platorm being solidary currencies. they will launched means their relevant icos only non-proft associatons that have characteristcs charity for the societye such healthe educatone philanthropye well culturee ecologye historical heritagee labore micro-credite among other objectves the organized public civil societes. currentlye tax incentve laws grant benefts for associatons that receive donatons. howevere the donatons ofen not provide any benefts for their donors. the green coins arrive revolutonize the form thinking about donatons the charitable enttese with benefts for the entre society. such ase brazile the charitable enttes can approve projects aimed children and adolescents means the municipal fund for the child and adolescent (funcad)e the donors which can deduct from the income tax payable for the year. the charitable enttes can create their own green coins and ofer their donors and collaborators coins that can used the local markete such restaurantse supermarketse showse movie theater and even services any kinde well deduct the amounts from their income tax. other wordse the whole society can beneft with noble causese improving the life thousands and even millions persons involved the social projects. (ii) blue coins the blue coins will currencies created companies that intend obtain fnancing the markete with the promise remuneratng such currencies given tme stpulated the icos. whoever acqhuires such currencies will have the certainty the remuneraton the periode earning the interest and bonusese depending each casee determined the white papers each blue coin. the blue coins theory can comparable the debenturese which are instruments credit that represent loan that company obtains with third partese which are subject issuance the securites exchangee and that assure for their holders right against the issuere the conditons shown the deed issuance. the major advantage the blue coins over the debentures relaton their rapid procedure for issuance and low cost for the companiese well all the assurance guaranteed the blockchaine means liqhuiditye low cost transacton and possibility exchange between third partes due the fact that digital peer-to-peer currency. (iii) goldi coins the gold coins are the major trend the actualitye means the "tokenizaton" assets companiese the bomesp intends revolutonize the market existng assets. companies may issue their own currenciese but more than thise may impose rules for their currencies means the smart contracts order provide more atractveness for their investors. when company makes ipoe opens its capital the markete capitalizing itself with the promise paying dividends within given period tmee and also means complex system ofered the fnancial insttutons that expensive maintenancee with computers created the f'se such the mainframes. with the icose the companies may issue their own currencies the blockchain (yourcompany coin) and print their own rulese such the case the niobium coin. the possibilites are numberlesse inasmuch the colorful coins can created the bomesp platorme means codifcaton the smart contracts and being associated with immense number possible usese such lotery tcketse insurancese gif cardse discounts storese votng powers meetngs and much more. vii. the bomesp services and their prices the bomesp will platorm for tradinge intermediaton and purchase and sale colorful coins. the bomesp has the objectve bringing the icos the business realitye enabling all levels the society access the new technologies the blockchain. simplifed access for the companies that represent the frst sectore proftable companiese non-proft organizatons the third sector and for the state governments that represent the second sector the civil society. the bomesp will provide facility for its users the handling the green coins and blue coinse well conditons for the more experienced investors operate with the gold coins platorm high technology real tmee with eqhuality with the lead virtual currencies the case the bitcoine ethereume ripple and the niobium itself. the principal services provided the bomesp will remunerated niobiumse which will ensure utlizaton the currency their platorm. viii. the bomesp virtual currency the niobium coin will the fuel currency the bomesp platorme which will give rise its maximum appreciaton. ix. investment automatic teller machines (atms) afer the perfect operaton the bomesp and circulaton the niobiume one the principal plans the bomesp the investment automatc teller machines (atms) for bitcoinse ethereuns and niobiunse which will enable the availability such currenciese well the colorful coins (yourcompany coin)e the principal commercial sites around the world. currentlye there are hundreds atms operatng around the whole world according informaton the coinatmradar.com. this will one the highest points the bomesp for the colorful coins transactonse since the atms for virtual currencies will provide immediate liqhuidity for their holders. the bitcoins automatc teller machines are common throughout the world and there already exist hybrid ethereum and bitcoin atms ofering their services the ethereum communitye including the niobiume which seeks convert the local fduciary currency fiat directly into the ethereum vice-versa. while the traditonal bitcoin automatc teller machines are designed convert fduciary currency into digital bitcoinse the ethereum atm can this and much more. additon actng strictly automatc teller machine withdraw and deposit moneye future uses the ethereum atm include the capability interactng with smart contracts and other programmable items the ethereum block chainse even such votng resoluton decentralized autonomous organizatone the case the niobiume which will have the power bringing its community all those that possess the niobium. the ico the bomesp virtual currency niobium coin token details token compliance: token name: erc niobium htps://coinatmradar.com/ token symbol: token decimals: token inital quantty: token mintable: token transferrable: token ens: nbc (will minted the tme contributon) not mintable post ico closure. not transferrable tll ico closure. niobiumcoin.eth stage pre-presale details amount raised pre-presale: eth price: eth nbc pending will flled crowdsale: yes stage pre-sale details any pre-sale: yes amount raised pre-sale (above pre-presale): eth price: eth nbc pending will flled crowdsale: yes stage crowdi-sale details crowdsale type: max cap: pre-presale) min cap: cryptocurrency involved: pre-sale/crowdsale start (approx.): pre-sale/crowdsale end (approx.): pricing in: escrow: signatures) eth capped eth (including pre-sale eth eth and btc utce jan utce feb eth and btc yes (consensys multsig wallete team bonus allocation over nbc: name (adidiress) team bonus amount (%) comments bonus for founding members founders advisors key peoplee advisorse and infuencers reserved coins: (consensys multsig wallete signatures for using for the bomesp platorm only) xi. the bomesp and niobium roadmap our team will proceed with due care minimize the potental loss assets. once the smart contracts are implemented the ethereum blockchain immutable codee partcularly crucial that all the procedure rigid and easily usable cope with possible errors. part the development processe rely independent professionals and auditng sofware for all the smart contractse additon our internal verifcaton pipeline. this encompassing testng routne has term for executon that refected the foreseen launching schedule. the niobium resources will launched the following order: development the project: june july development the codes for the project: august september updated adjustment: august august pre-presale: november november release the imtoken wallet app: september september sales business plan: september november released plan: september central nbc platorm: september september tests revisions audit: september september launching the marketplace: october pre-sale: november november crowdsale: november december development the bomesp platorm: november november partnerships with atms around the world: june december implementaton atms strategic business sites: december january xii. conclusion the existence the ethereum technology for the blockchain rendered viable the creaton the sao paulo virtual business currencies exchange (bomesp)e impelled the niobium nbc. the innovatons provided the niobiume result the use the smart contracts the ethereum platorme are numerous described this white papere stressing the fact that each niobium will only created someone pays for ite i.e.e they will created based the payment and not random. the bomesp arrives revolutonize the icos the entre worlde opening feld never imagined the smalle medium and large-size companiese the necessity fnancing their projectse which are totally reliant the banks and capital markets. the bomespe the companies may launch their own assetse known tokense assets also virtual currenciese ofered platorm for trading with currencies that are entailed the productone the servicese the eqhuity/assets the companiese that can guaranteed backed their credibility and reputaton the business markete giving rise millions transactons per second. welcome the blockchain revoluton the bomesp and niobium coin. xiii. references htps://www.economist.com/news/briefng/ff-technology-behind-bitcoin-lets-people-whodo-not-know-or-trust-each-other-build-dependable htps://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/ethereum/ htps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_dao_(organizaton) htp://money.cnn.com////technology/bitcoin--billion-invested/index.html htps://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/views/all/ tapscotte don "blockchainrevoluton como tecnologia por tras bitcoin esta mudando dinheiro, negocios mundo" (blockchainrevoluton how the technology behind the bitcoin changing the moneye the businesses and the world) don tapscote alex tapscote sso pauloe senaispeditorae (f) htps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ethereumssmart_contracts htps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/inital_public_ofering htps://coinatmradar.com/ ()htps://www.bcb.gov.br/normatvo/detalharnormatvo.do? method=detalharnormatvo&n=ff htps://www.criptomoedasfacil.com/banco-central-e-contra-regulacao-do-bitcoin/ htp://www.cvm.gov.br/notcias/arqhuivos/f/ff-.html