nitro participate connect grow blockchain democratise the utility video-games economy featuring the first cryptocurrency economy the world backed publicly listed company november ver important notice. legal jurisdiction the nitro project online consortium that involves the creation electronic marketplace ("nitro marketplace") and the issuance new ethereum-based cryptocurrency called nox (or "nox token"). nox being developed nitro interactive limited, private limited company incorporated the british virgin islands. the crowdsale nox tokens and its subsequent funding-related operation are managed nitro interactive limited compliance with the requirements the british virgin islands securities and investment business act the nitro project supported icandy ventures ltd, which will publishing all the video-games funded the nitro project. icandy ventures ltd subsidiary australia-incorporated and australia securities exchange (asx)-listed icandy interactive limited. purchasers may only purchase the nox tokens using ethereum bitcoin. forward-looking statement this document contains forward-looking statements and information, and words such "will", "anticipates", "believes", "expects", "estimates" and words similar meaning are generally intended identify forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements are subject risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results and outcomes differ materially from those expressed implied the forwardlooking statements. please refer the risk factors section this document. accuracy information while the information contained herein has been prepared good faith, neither nitro interactive limited nor any its representatives, directors, officers, agents, advisers give, have given have authority give, any representation warranties (express implied) to, relation to, the accuracy, reliability completeness the information contained within this document, and liability therefore expressly disclaimed. document version control this version this document supersedes all previous versions. reader should always check website www.nitro.live ensure the document she reading the current latest version. the version and date publication this document stated the first page this document. for u.s.-based residents interested purchasing the nox token nitro has not taken and will not take any action allow the offering nox tokens accordance with the securities law the united states america ("united states"). offer nox token may offered, subscribed, sold transferred, directly indirectly, the united states and citizens and residents the united states except for accordance with the applicable exemptions set forth the registrations requirements the united states securities act the offering nox tokens under this document has not been approved disapproved the u.s. securities and exchange commission (the "sec") any state securities commission nor has the sec any state securities commission passed upon the accuracy adequacy this document. for residents outside the u.s. interested purchasing the nox token the distribution this document may restricted certain jurisdictions (each, "restricted jurisdiction") and residents such restricted jurisdictions where participation would require additional prospectus, registration measures should seek professional advice their respective restricted jurisdictions. this document may consequently not distributed restricted jurisdictions, countries where distribution the document may illegal. recipients this document are required inform themselves about, and comply with, such restrictions illegality. any failure comply with the restrictions may result violation applicable securities regulations. nitro interactive limited takes responsibility for the failure comply with applicable local securities laws and regulations. particular, persons australia, singapore japan should take note that: offer the nox tokens being made directed any person australia, singapore japan, whether electronically otherwise. the nox tokens can only purchased persons outside australia, singapore and japan. this document has not been and not published any publication circulating widely singapore japan, any website domain name ending with ".au" ".sg" ".jp". any such publication unauthorised and contrary the terms this crowd-sale the nox tokens. anyone noticing such publication australia, singapore japan such websites should contact the nitro support team for take the necessary corrective action. this document (and any other document material issued connection with the crowd-sale the nox tokens) not prospectus defined the securities and futures act (chapter singapore), and accordingly, has not been registered prospectus with the monetary authority singapore ("mas"). prospective purchasers the nox tokens should also note that this crowdsale nox tokens has not been authorised recognised the mas and the nox tokens are not sold the retail public. further, this document not prospectus product disclosure statement defined the corporations act (cth), australia, and has not been registered with the australian securities and investments commission nor has the sale nox tokens been authorised asic and nox tokens are expressly not made available offered any way retail investors within australia. this document and any other document material issued connection with the crowd-sale the nox tokens are solely for the confidential use those specific persons whom made available, and may not reproduced, provided others, used for any other purpose without the prior written permission nitro interactive ltd. each potential purchaser, accepting delivery of, accessing and reading, this document, agrees not make photocopy other copy divulge the contents hereof any other person. citizens and residents the people's republic china are excluded from participating this crowd-sale nox tokens you have any question doubt about nitro nox unaddressed this document you should communicate with member the nitro team seek professional advice. you shall refrain from supporting the token sale nox until you are satisfied with the answers provided. risk factors considering participation this crowdsale nox tokens, prospective purchaser should aware certain risk factors. this section sets out several such risk factors ("risk factors"). should noted that such risk factors not purport comprehensive exhaustive, and prospective purchasers the nox tokens should consider seeking independent professional advice prior participating the crowd-sale. nature nox token the nox token not traditional security, such share debenture. purchasers nox tokens not acquire any equity security interest, in, debt owed corporate entity, and not enjoy the rights normally associated with such securities. nonetheless, purchasers may able share the revenues derived from the nitro marketplace, and able vote funding proposals, the nox tokens may regarded securities for the purposes securities laws certain jurisdictions. liquidity and tax risk payment for the nox tokens will made through eth, and revenues shared will also the form eth additional nox tokens. both eth and nox tokens may not freely convertible into fiat currency and may subject fluctuations value. the value the nox tokens may decline substantially after purchase. purchasers the nox tokens may not able sell otherwise dispose their nox tokens. purchasers the nox tokens who share the revenues the nitro marketplace nitro platform may subject tax the jurisdiction which they are domiciled residing. legal risk residents certain jurisdictions may not permitted participate the sale and purchase crypto-currencies digital tokens, and such participation may illegal such jurisdictions. new revised legislation, regulations, guidelines and directives may introduced the jurisdiction the purchasers the nox tokens which may affect the nitro marketplace other platforms which the nox tokens are used. regulatory risk possible that regulators from the jurisdictions which purchaser nox tokens resides may, after the sale and purchase the nox tokens, conduct investigations and take regulatory action respect such sale and purchase, prohibit the secondary sale and purchase the nox tokens. noted under "nature nox token", the nox tokens may classified security subject securities laws, and regulated accordingly. key personnel risk the success the nox tokens dependent the continued service and performance several key personal, referred the nitro team this document, driving the nitro marketplace related nitro projects. executive summary the video-games industry booming. the industry generated over us$ billion revenue with experts predicting growth over the next years, showing tremendous potential this sector. however, the structural problems currently present the video-games industry impose limits the video-games community over the course this growth. one pertinent issue the presence imperfect economy within the video-games industry market that currently controlled oligopolistic large corporate actors. another issue the presence imperfect information between these actors, which inevitably prevent the most socially beneficial outcomes from taking place within the sector. the lack access funding for new promising game studios also poses significant problem this industry well. enter nitro; independent, blockchain-based online collaboration platform, which seeks allow participation the video-games economy, connect various stakeholders, and achieve growth for the overall nitro network. using new blockchain cryptocurrency called nox, this economic platform will bridge the problems currently plaguing the various actors the video-games industry, and through the process, bring about massive benefits the global video-games community. most importantly, seek democratise the economy the videogames industry, creating holistic community bringing all the stakeholders onto integrated platform. purchasing nox, nox holders will able participate the economy the video-games industry. nitro will fund games voted nox holders the platform. promising game studios will have access much needed funding and will able connect with gamers earlier the development cycle. this will greatly improve the quality and variety games produced. the side the gamers, they will able use the token in-game currency purchase games in-game items. gamers may also eligible for incentives, the form nox tokens given out game studios, for performing actions such trying out new games, participating game tournaments etc. believe gamers are well positioned among the most prolific early adopters cryptocurrencies. revenue-share from funded game titles will kept vault and nox holders will incentivized with rewards distributed from nitro's vault from time time, form reward for their participation growing the network. this among the first the world, with nox being the pioneering blockchain-based cryptocurrency token backed publicly listed company, icandy interactive limited (asx: ici). believe that nitro will disrupt the playing field, acting mean connect and grow the video-games industry manner that equitable for all parties. content page overview industry players and dynamics target audience general population lack participation opportunities promising game studios the problems for promising game studios ..a funding lack thereof ..b the problem imperfect information the potential promising game studios solution nitro, alternative platform vision dynamics the nitro platform nitro's core features participate connect ..a utility nox in-game currency grow nox token overview what nox what nox's usage what does nox not represent benefits parties using the nitro platform nox corporate overview corporate structure roles and responsibilities about icandy interactive shareholders icandy interactive accolades icandy interactive people nitro team advisors crowdsale overview key details and dates offer format use proceeds responsibility and performance nitro's roadmap overview us$. billion. this was the total revenue for the global video-games industry sum that almost nine times the revenue hollywood, and close three times the size the entire movie industry globally. and this revenue poised rise further with estimated growth rate close over the next years, with projected industry revenue reaching billion the end revenue (in billion usd) video games make close more than hollywood and close the entir movie industry games industry movie industry hollywood adapted from: newzoo global games market report yet, what most exciting that the most dynamic growth actually happening our very own backyard: asia. alone, billion gamers the region are set generate billion for the industry, impressive growth rate from the prior year. https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/the-global-games-market-will-reach---billion-in-with-mobile-taking-/ http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/-box-office-record-year-crosses--billion- http://www.latimes.com/business/hollywood/la-fi-ct-mpaa-box-office--story.html https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/the-global-games-market-will-reach---billion-in-with-mobile-taking-/ https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/the-global-games-market-will-reach---billion-in-with-mobile-taking-/ games industry especially booming asia asia expected the fastest-gr owing region the world the coming ars gamers across asia expected generate usd$.b with yoy growth rate adapted from: newzoo global games market report most incredibly, these numbers comprise nearly the entire video-games industry revenue stream, and come the fastest-growing region the coming years will rest asia (excluding china, japan, and korea), with total game revenues more than doubling billion, from billion industry players and dynamics given this increasingly high demand for games, one might wonder: who are the ones supplying them? generally, game producers are split into categories: hobbyists, large corporates, well group segmented early-stage game developers firms which term promising game studios ("pgs"). these players are distinguished their scale production, but are also differentiated the commerciality their games well. hobbyists tend produce aspects games that are noncommercial nature, focusing producing mods for existing games out the market. large corporates, such blizzard king digital, typically comprise network studios that develop games backed its own established production and funding system. this, while efficient, may inevitably give commercial feel towards titles produced such developers. these are the ones that seemingly dominate industry revenue. promising game studios, however, are placed the middle the spectrum. while they not possess the scale big companies, they are arguably charged with mix creative and commercial potentials that are surprisingly popular the current https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/the-global-games-market-will-reach---billion-in-with-mobile-taking-/ market; market that has been criticised "oversaturated" due the numbers "indistinguishable games" flooding the market. currently, the video-games industry dominated handful large corporates. billion the billion global games market (or .%) was generated almost public companies worldwide. top game companies make the revenue, from revenues the current top companies game revenues, usd billions (-) top game companies others source: alistdaily, newzoo what worrying that this oligopolistic trend intensifying rapidly; the top video-games companies accounted for immense the global game market revenue, from the prior year. this continues, there will less and less diversity the industry. https://newzoo.com/insights/trend-reports/asian-games-market-sizing-opportunities/ target audience general population there easy way participate and benefit from the video-games economy limited quantity companies only handful video-games companies are publicly traded ostly private companies many promising early-stage video-games companies not have esources qualify for publicly aded capital mark ets concentration risk typical video-games company tends focus par ticular genre liquidity issue even investors have the ans make angel investments, their assets are illiquid these companies mostly private access for average investors easily invest the lucrative videogames industry directly selection and diversifica tion not easy pick and configur diversified por tfolio investments into the industry (golden rule investment) geographical limitation not easy invest cross-border into both public private video-games companies problems: lack participation opportunities while gamers help generate over us$ billion year revenue for the videogames industry, there are easy ways for the average man woman the street benefit participate the growth the economy, beyond the purchasing games. one way participate the industry through the traditional method stock ownership. however, there limited number such companies invest in. furthermore, many promising early-stage video-games companies not have resources qualify for publicly traded capital markets, and hence unable receive investments the public market. these severely limit the ability for the average person invest the industry. another way participating the economy could through angel investments private firms. however, such option seen highly illiquid, and this liquidity risk will not sit well with the average person. shifting away from the private-public investment dichotomy, one other problem that deters the average person from investing the industry the problem geographical limitations. often difficult for cross-border investments into private even public companies, due largely the different securities and investment regulations governing these different territories. this could make otherwise lucrative investment unviable due the logistical hurdles such investments. additionally, video-game companies also have concentration risk virtue their niche focus game genres. each video-game company tends focus one two genres its video-game production, making the feasibility its business susceptible the whims gamer tastes, which change with the seasons. this risk may hard for the average person negotiate when deciding their investments into videogame company. given the limited stock ownership opportunities available, makes near impossible for average person pick and configure diversified portfolio investments within the video-games industry, which the golden rule investments. surprise then that for conflux the above reasons, average person will not able benefit from the growth the video-games industry. promising game studios (pgs) existing problems for promising game studios while there are indeed many commercially successful studios this sector, most them tend clustered europe north america, virtue more developed eco-system market and fund titles. the games ecosystem outside these regions appears relatively stunted, creating great problems for early-stage studios. even though the video-game consumer market seen thriving, multitude factors including the general inaccessibility funding prevents promising game studios from fully exploiting this growing market. ..a funding lack thereof and it's also hard for promising game companies raise funds via public listing only handful video-games companies publicly traded. promising game studios have difficulties accessing the public mark via private funding difficult attract funding due lit tle track records promising game studios, necessary assess the ability the team easy way participate growth via traditional crowdfunding campaigns the crowd does not have xpertise ascertain viability projects and skills team. barriers traditional funding methods the increasing market size has created prime conditions for investment within the sector. yet, access public funds often limited for smaller and early-stage firms. only handful firms considerable size are able access funds through public listing, with promising game studios often lacking the resources qualify for publicly traded capital markets. and while funds could sought from institutional investors, which there shortage of, these funds are more often placed larger companies, who would have established track record successful titles, simply out need balance risk and commercial viability. access funds, least through the capital markets, through institutional means, thus limited for these early-stage video-games companies. current funding options for promising game studios while other funding options are available within the industry, these options have significant issues, which limit their utility for promising game studios. one option includes approaching publishers the industry. however, due the need maintain balance between risk and commercial viability, such publishers tend shun niche games, which inevitably affect the diversity the video-games industry. other options include applying for funding from independent funds within the sector such the indie fund but such funds are often limited, and hence are only available fund few selected titles within the industry. crowdfunding remains viable option for early stage studios receive funding pregame development, but there are limited platforms facilitate this process the current market. some the more popular platforms include kickstarter and indiegogo, but such platforms are not specific the game industry, and hence have limited usability. the many problems associated with the current funding options thus limits the success promising game studios, preventing them from fully exploiting the vast potential the growing video-games industry. ..b the problem imperfect information apart from funding, the main reason for this boils down imperfect information flow; which problem caused not lack will, but lack opportunity. promising game studios would like incentivise gamers play new games that have been launched, but current means communicating (either through platforms app stores) make difficult reach out gamers directly. communication only possible through forums and/or social media platforms. promising game studios too would like receive feedback (via playtests other types tests e.g. polls) from these gamers, such that they can create games that can well-received. however, typically difficult gather large enough community representative gamers for feedback meaningful, with this problem being more pronounced for promising game studios due their lack resources. however, there common platform for either party reach out the other, resulting this problem hit-and-miss the games produced promising game studios. top this, imperfect information exists amongst the other parties involved the process video-games production. financiers important driver the videogames industry arguably have difficulty assessing gamer sentiments for the different genres games available the market. given that tastes and preferences often change, financiers will have significant difficulty determining which games invest in, therein making investment within this lucrative industry risky option. even financiers want invest early-stage studios option that currently shunned due its high risks they often not have easy way reach out them. the lack connection between the two parties creates significant problems the industry. publishers are also required the video-games industry, helping roll out the games for the market after its production. this process requires two-pronged approach, with need garner strong content for the market, well reach out potential audiences. however, given that there exists significant imperfect information between publishers and promising game studios which are often elusive due their smaller scale operations publishers will have difficulties reaching out this group, resulting less diverse portfolio. yet the other hand, publishers are also facing increasing costs connecting with audiences, hence creating significant problems for them, problems that will only amplify the future. imperfect and inefficient connections the industry gam studios required work with publishers pla tforms prefer reach out gamers dir ectly receive constant feedback games but have difficulties reaching out and connecting with gamers gam ers like back/suppor games and studios tha they believe publishers pla tform well resourced and run lar corporation require efficiency spend reach out audiences charging high fee for services because inefficiencies like involved game development engage feedback suggestions but easy means connecting with game producers but are faced with the incr easing cost connecting with audiences financiers require validation concepts/producers require transparency efficiency capital usage like understand gamers' sentiments but easy way reach out gamers and other industry stak eholders the potential promising game studios (pgs) even though barriers and challenges exist the industry, there still lot potential for small game studios flourish this nascent market space. various hits such subway surfers (revenue usd million; only pokemon mobile game downloads) even the relatively simple game (revenue usd million) have been published such studios, demonstrating strong market potential for games produced small and promising studios. these successes, especially for mobile games, have been spurred dedicated indie game sections google play (for android devices) and the app store (for ios devices), providing visibility boost for such games all smartphone users. this also true for the desktop, where game platforms such steam also have curated section for indie games. many these desktop games such "don't starve" (rated and minecraft (eventually bought over microsoft for billion) have successfully held their own against similar titles from bigger game developers. however, unless access funding for these promising game studios catches their market potential, these successes will continue few and far between, which disappointment, considering how some funding could long way for these promising game studios. the problem imperfect information also pertinent the industry, creating less than optimal outcomes for many the key stakeholders this industry. given the inaccessibility funding and information within the videogames industry, believe that there needs solution soon before the problems become ingrained the industry. https://www.phonearena.com/news/these-are-the-most-popular-mobile-games-of-_id http://store.steampowered.com/app//dont_starve/ http://money.cnn.com////technology/minecraft-microsoft/index.html the conditions exist for industry disruption video-games market booming globally promising game studios has great potential make money but find hard access funding average people can't easily participate and benefit despite the industry boom solution: nitro, alternative platform noting the significant limitations the current funding options present the videogames industry, new blockchain-based platform being introduced alternative the current options. this would the first blockchain-based cryptocurrency ecosystem backed publicly traded company icandy interactive limited (asx: ici), mobile game studio group publicly listed the australian securities exchange. has already attracted the attention the industry, and currently backed both game industry veterans and venture investment professionals. the platform nitro harnessing the power blockchain technology and cryptocurrency, will empower token-holders globally benefit from the video game economy via: participating selection and funding promising games curated experts engaging with game producers, marketers, publishers and financiers the games marketplace and exchanging tokens for in-game items/currency other benefits. potentially receiving rewards from the success the games funded the nitro network. vision what envisioned, that the new platform will fix what see fundamental problems within the industry. these problems, mentioned the earlier sections, refer the difficulty the layman participating the video-games economy, the lack diversity caused the presence large oligopolistic market the industry and the communication inefficiencies that exist between all gamers and game producers. the macro-level, nitro seeks connect what see fragmented and disconnected value chain, envisioning holistic platform which brings together developers, marketplaces, publishers, and gamers, order solve the problem participation and information flow between these various players for the overall benefit the industry. dynamics the nitro platform the initial coin offering will feature the minting new currency based the ethereum platform. this currency, nox, will the centrepiece all activities that are carried out the nitro platform. the dynamics and the process flow activities carried out the platform are summarized below: issuance: nitro will issue nox: blockchain-based token that the centrepiece nitro activities, used the nitro platform. curation: nitro team will curate promising game studios (pgs) and submit videogame funding proposals the nitro platform voting: nox holders can vote their favourite games, and sufficient votes are received, the proposed video game will undergo funding process. funding: funding will received fiat currency ether, which would used the video-game studios develop and market their games. this funding will provided nitro. post-funding: funded games will subsequently share its revenue with nitro. portion this sum returned the pool for funding new video games, order ensure the sustainability the ecosystem. the remainder will held vault, which could distributed nox holders, from time time, form reward for participating the platform and encourage the adoption nox. exchangeable in-game sub-token: upon launching the nitro marketplace, nox holders will able exchange nox for sub-token called nitro dollar nod which pegged dollar nod usd), nod will used for in-game credits and items. all the games nitro marketplace will use nod in-game currency. nitro's core features participate the features the nitro platform revolve around our vision connect encourage participation the video-game economy, connect various stakeholders, and achieve growth for the overall nitro network. participate nitro curates promising game studios and game-titles fund purchase nox various parties will participate extensively ensure the success the nitro platform. interact direct with transactions the nitro team will industry curate stakeholders the promising game studios (pgs) globally, with the team being formed from within our strong partners' network. these include icandy arketplace interactive (southeast asia, australia) and global mobile game confederation (china, feedback engagement europe). transactions vote revenue buy sell items/ points evaluation processdiscover will +done, order play games select the most promising game titles proposed the pgss. these curated video games would then presented all nox holders for voting. nitro will fund the successful game titles with the proceeds the crowdsale nox. funded games will subsequently share its revenue (over year period, payable every months) with nitro, part which proceeds) would returned the pool fund new games nitro. the remainder proceeds) will held vault the nitro team. this amount may then redistributed back nox holders from time time, rewards appreciation for participating the nitro platform, and also encourage the adoption nox. replenish funding for games connect connect ate game titles transactions interact direct with industry stakeholders arketplace feedback engagement transactions buy sell items/ points discover play games the nitro marketplace powered the underlying nox's ethereum grow blockchain network, there strong potential for open economy, divested the oligopolistic characteristics that pervade the current market. gamersenables direct the blockchain network and transparent communication and in-game transactions occur, connecting all/ purchases revenue stakeholders the industry, gamers, game-studios, publishers promoters. revenue share until principal eceived, then until ars over with this, gamers can now discover and play games the nitro marketplace, nitro while publishers and producers can econom interact and receive real time bethe held vault (in information and feedback from eth). distributed replenish holders from gamers themselves. all rewards industry funding for games time time ewards stakeholders will able benefit from the transparency and efficiency transactions and flow information, through the nox token. vault ..a utility nox in-game currency the other great potential lies the ability use nox games. nox can exchangeable sub-token nitro dollar (nod), form in-game currency for gamers using the nitro marketplace. this nitro marketplace will have published nitro sdk, order allow all stakeholders easily connect it, and use nod the de-facto currency transact. nod will pegged dollar the rate nod usd. the nitro marketplace will have spot rate that allows conversion nox nod easily according the prevailing exchange rate nox nod. what envisioned that games, which are not funded nitro, will also have the ability accept nod payment option for in-game items. this will first rolled out games under the icandy interactive group, with established developers such inzen studio and appxplore taking the lead implementing the payment system for their games, before other video game studios jump onto the system after tried and tested. making nod ubiquitous among users, will inevitably help increase the utility value nox well. some examples what the platform can offer the various stakeholders are follow: connect gamers can easily exchange nox into nod, and vice versa nitro marketplace gamers can connect via nitro marketplace api use nod in-game currency for purchase virtual items games. marketing companies can promote new games nitro marketplace and directly incentivize gamers with nox nod try out new games and provide feedback gamers can trade virtual items with each other the nitro marketplace, with nod currency. offering nox form in-game currency, hope increase the connectivity the network theplayers, number nodes has. nitroand marketplace involves all industry stak ehold between studios, and theitmarketplace, create well-balanced ecosystem based fair and secure transactions. and flow information, through the nox token. ble transparency andonefficiency transactions publishers platforms are able use incentive communicate with players and then understand how being used gamers game studios discover and play new games, get incentive dir ectly and ade with other gamers interact with players and allow nox used games nitro arketplace financiers other stakeholders are able access and monitor network activities nox token grow participate nitro promising game ios and game-titles hase nox fund vote grow connect once the funded games are launched, the developer will contribute part its revenue the nitro team. net revenues will shared maximum the total funded amount. beyond that, the share net revenues due nitro will drop maximum period years from the date funding. interact direct with transactions gamers in-game purchases revenue industry stakeholders the revenue-share received nitro via will held vault, which would arketplace distributed the form ethereum's ether (eth), from time time the discretion feedbackas engagement the nitro team, nox holders form transactions buy sell items/ pointsto rewards. the remaining will back discover play games replenish the funding pool fund new video games. this process will occur every months, with the game studios contributing the respective revenue-share amount eth back nitro. revenue share until principal eceived, then until ars over nitro econom replenish funding for games held vault (in eth). distributed rewards holders from time time ewards vault from time time the nitro team may have the discretion allocate limited amount nox for "airdrop" purposes. nox will "airdropped" into games funded nitro encourage the take-up games funded nitro. the nitro platform will set grow with extensive user participation and connection. overview nox tokens what nox? nox block-chain based token minted for specific usage the nitro platform. based the ethereum protocol (erc standard), and will used the designated currency within the nitro economy. the specific usage will discussed detail within section should noted that these features purposes may not exhaustive, and may altered over time. what nox's usage? usage within the nitro platform. all activities the nitro platform will facilitated through the use nox. the token can bought and sold the cryptographic token exchanges for usage within the nitro platform, provided that users adhere the specific laws purchase their respective places residence. given that there are existing regulations with regards the circulation securities countries such the united states america, china and japan (but not limited the aforementioned countries), purchasers have the responsibility check the respective legislation their places residence. tokens used for voting. nox will used nominal token for the internal voting mechanism implemented the platform. gamers will able vote for their desired games using nox, process which would lead their eventual funding. tokens used form in-game currency. nox will easily exchangeable subtoken nitro dollar (nod), which pegged dollar nod usd). nod used form in-game currency purchase services and products. nod can also used for trading between gamers for secondary market in-game items for some games. gamers can decide when they want exchange nox nod, vice versa anytime nitro marketplace. tokens used rewards for long-term supporters the platform. nox holders are eligible receive rewards (in the form eth, from nitro's vault) for their active participation the nitro ecosystem. this distributed from time time the nitro team's discretion, form incentive for supporters the nitro economy continues grow through increased participation all parties. what nox not nox tokens are not securities any jurisdiction. this white paper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort, not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment, does not pertain any way initial public offering share/equity offering, and does not pertain any way offering securities any jurisdiction. the nox tokens are not intended marketed, offered for sale, purchased, sold, traded any jurisdiction where they are prohibited applicable laws require further registration with any applicable governmental authorities. nox tokens not represent loan security. the nox tokens are neither debt instrument nor bonds nor securities any kind nor any other form loan advanced the project. acquisition the nox tokens, whether through the token sale otherwise, does not grant token holders any right claim project's financial any other assets. nox tokens are not promise future performance value. promises future performance value are will made respect the nox tokens, including promise inherent value, promise continuing payments, and guarantee that the nox tokens will hold any particular value. benefits parties using nitro platform and nox the use the nitro platform, and nox, will provide great range benefits all participants. these benefits have been summarized the section below. game studios first, video game studios are expected receive better access funding through nitro. this will provide them with the resources create better games, for example through the exploration new gameplay mechanics and concepts that can better excite the fans. second, game studios will able receive timely and immediate feedback their games throughout the video-games production cycle interacting with gamers nitro marketplace. this will enable them produce games that better fit the tastes gamers, improving game quality and their eventual success. third, game studios are not only able improve the quality their games through nox, but also their outreach marketing efforts. through the discover function, gamers would have opportunity discover these otherwise obscure promising game studios that would have been hidden beneath the behemoths the industry. this will definitely help promoting the studio's games the wider public. fourth, the use nox/nod for in-game purchases will heavily benefit the developers. while in-game purchases virtual items already exist major app stores, such purchases are subjected fee, with payment delay days. the nitro marketplace will not only offer more favorable transaction fee, but would also offer instantaneous transactions for game studios provide greater liquidity. lastly, with the instantaneous transaction system put place through nitro marketplace, studios will able receive the proceeds from in-game purchases immediately. this will greatly increase the liquidity their business. gamers gamers will finally have say the entire game production process, with opportunities participate from concept right until production. this will doubt improve the quality games that will eventually produced, improving the eventual game experience for users. more importantly, reward for helping build community the future, gamers will allocated form economic benefit from time time. these rewards will given out either through the periodic distribution nox the community, the discretion the nitro team, through other incentives given developers themselves for aiding marketing beta-testing efforts. the use nox in-game currency will also create greater linkages across all parties using the nitro platform. with nox, gamers will able purchase in-game items safe and secure fashion. using the platform, gamers can also incentivized with in-game currency, beta testing, provide feedback perform any other forms marketing activities requested game developers. this creates well-integrated community that envision, community that would benefiting both gamers, and developers. these form compelling reasons for supporting this platform. game publishers using the platform, gamers can also incentivized with in-game currency, betatesting, provide feedback perform any other forms marketing activities requested game developers and publishers. the use this platform will also help reduce the cost connecting with the various parties, through the heightened efficiency directly bringing content, which proven popular among the community. financiers the platform provides manner for which game concepts can validated before its production. the market demand for the games listed the platform can determined prior the financing process, allowing financiers better gauge gamer sentiments. this will instill greater confidence financiers provide support for products that could still its earlier stages thus creating greater options for investment. nitro also helps link promising game studios and other industry stakeholders together, creating greater ease the operations aspects video-games financing and development. this creates well-integrated community that envision, community that would benefit not only the gamers, but also all stakeholders including the developers, financiers and studios. these are compelling reasons for the support the nitro platform. promising game studios gamers publishers financiers better access funding feedback channel better outreach favourable transaction fees for in-game purchase instantaneous transaction participate the game development process social and potential economic benefits for helping build the nitro community safe and secure transactions platform connect with both the supply (developers) and demand (gamers) chains reduction cost outreach tap into consumers for marketing efforts better gauge gamer sentiments greater confidence investing profitable early-stages studios more integrated with various stakeholders corporate overview corporate structure nitro independent blockchain based online collaboration platform that involves principally the creation online electronic marketplace for the various stakeholders the game economy ("nitro marketplace") and new cryptocurrency called nox ("nox" "nox tokens"). they are being built based the blockchain technology, the nitro marketplace and the nox tokens developed are decentralised systems running the internet. development the nitro marketplace and creation the nox tokens will undertaken nitro interactive limited ("nitro interactive"), private limited company incorporated the british virgin islands. the nitro project supported icandy ventures ltd ("icandy ventures"), owned subsidiary icandy interactive limited ("icandy interactive"), australian incorporated mobile games studio group that publicly listed the australian securities exchange (asx). with presence australia and southeast asia. icandy ventures will draw upon various resources and networks from group companies publish games funded the nitro project well foster community around nitro marketplace. the administration and the debut crowdsale the nox tokens are managed nitro interactive out the british virgin island jurisdiction accordance business and investment regulations and laws the british virgin island. roles and responsibilities nitro interactive limited: develop the economy nox manage the sale and distribution nox recruit the management team nitro provide ongoing infrastructure and expertise ensure the business plan nitro executed develop and support nitro marketplace icandy ventures ltd: publish games funded nitro and provide marketing services games nitro marketplace part its publishing role, draw upon its resources foster community around the nitro marketplace about icandy interactive icandy interactive the parent company icandy ventures. australia-incorporated icandy interactive leading southeast asia mobile games studio group listed the australian securities exchange. company company no. icandy interactive owns network game studios southeast asia. its studios have developed games that are played more than gamers internationally. country incorporation stock exchange stock ticker isin presence icandy interactive limited. acn australia australian securities exchange (asx) ici auici melbourne, singapore, kuala lumpur, jakarta about shareholders icandy interactive icandy interactive's shareholders include reputable strategic corporate shareholders that include: china's top- internet company baidu, nasdaq-listed, market cap usd$bn baidu operates one china's top app stores japan's leading early-stage fund has extensive track-records japan with funds under management supported strategic limited partners that include many big-name tech conglomerates asx-listed venture builder using co-entrepreneurship model drive growth funded companies. has presences australia, southeast asia and europe. china's mobile games developers network leading industry affiliation network mobile games developers china. accolades icandy interactive some icandy interactive's accolades include being named top developer google and winning awards major industry shows. people combined, the nitro team possesses wide array skills and experience the industry. several the key personnel have many years experience the tech venture video-games scene, with successful track record their various activities, creating hit games widely loved gamers, developing great platforms. believe that this combination people that will the key recipe for the success the platform that envisioned the coming months. nitro team kin-wai lau director ceo fatfish internet group (asx:ffg), and swedenheadquartered fatfish global ventures ab, chairman icandy interactive and director many tech startups. well-recognised technology entrepreneur southeast asia that has successfully brought tech companies ipo. was formerly research associate and phd candidate imperial college london. graduated with first class honours for his bachelor degree from university manchester and also received mba degree from university oxford. gerald tock director gerald has been the games industry since from startup, government, heading operations for government funded ecosystem catalyst. gerald was formerly head operations the singapore-mit gambit lab, organisation formed and funded the singapore government, collaboration with the massachusetts institute technology (mit) incubate the next generation games industry talents singapore. gerald the currently chief operating officer icandy interactive ltd. douglas gan head strategy douglas the co-founder and chief executive officer vanitee, and additionally serves co-founder and director ifashion group. also angel investor investing startups southeast asia. between and founded companies, all which were sold mncs. douglas was named "young professional the year" singapore computer society. jason giambona cto jason the co-founder beam storage and also the chief technology officer fintech asia group. serial entrepreneur, with wide range experience the tech startup scene. nikita sachdev head communication nikki entrepreneur, startup advocate, health enthusiast, former international model and social media influencer. these experiences put her the best position head the communication team for the project. yelena sedykh head partnership yelena successful serial entrepreneur with exits. she also investor and mentor startups the central asia and eastern europe region. she the investment committee asadel venture holding firm) and she also late-stage investor godaddy, nutatix, coupa etc. phillip lord director phillip has over years investment banking experience across asia and london. also serial technology investor. phillip currently managing director the montreux group. founded montreux capital management represents group investment firms specialising boutique, alternative funds. prior montreux, phillip was managing director queen street capital and before that, jefferies llc, american global investment bank and institutional securities firm headquartered new york. evgeniy arhipov chief blockchain developer evgeniy has wide array experience blockchain technology, having developed several blockchain solutions including: supply chain platform "buydentity" the ethereum platform, (from goods manufacturing sale the store) with audit from microsoft, platform for clients verification and exchange information between banks kyc, and one for integrating ripple technology for russian banks. more pertinently, evgeniy has participated the case development the masterchain platform, well seeing through the development and execution numerous ico projects from smart contracts token issuance. ilnur galiev blockchain developer experienced blockchain developer. participated fin-tech projects including the development blockchain solutions for client verification and exchange information between banks (kyc) kair kozhaly head russian community management ecommerce and fintech expert. ecommerce and telecom startups founder. rich experience sales, marketing development well creating innovative products corporations. srypto enthusiast. simon breedon head digital marketing digital marketing expert, founder viral media solutions ltd, content lab and digital media publishing studio. former capitol hill reporter washington d.c. crypto expert. advisors apart from our core operations team, are also backed experienced group advisors who have rich experience the tech, video games and investment scene. larry gan advisor larry the former managing partner accenture, asia. was also the head accenture's global venture fund. larry widely known the tech scene, with reputation being prolific international tech investor. hans back advisor hans the general partner fintech orange growth partner, and the co-founder singapore fintech consortium, and has over years international entrepreneurial experience across multiple high-tech industries including mobile, advertising, gaming and social media. konstantin gorozhankin advisor konstantin one the most well-respected internet entrepreneurs the central asia region. currently the president the association kazakhstan internet business and mobile commerce, and chairman the it-committee create the digital program under the prime minister kazakhstan. also founder successful leading e-commerce companies such ticketon.kz, leading ticketing online aggregator and intervale.kz, leading solution provider mobile banking solutions. banking blockchain fund (bb fund) advisor early stage investor newly launched dedicated blockchain fund life.sreda, international fintech venture capital firm, established and headquartered singapore with very successful track-record investments the fintech sector. bbfund aims invest into blockchain companies. crowdsale overview key details and dates token name: nox (erc, ethereum-based) token supply: tokens generated smart contract smallest unit: decimal places currency accepted: eth and btc managed by: nitro interactive limited british virgin islands incorporation) pre-sale: november crowdsale date: november december sub-token nod: nitro dollar (nod) pegged nod usd, and will used in-game currency and for game-related transactions. nox will easily exchangeable nod prevailing exchange rate nitro marketplace. crowdsale rate eth nox pre-sale incentive: bonus, i.e. eth nox (subject purchase value minimum eth) crowdsale early incentives: first hours bonus subsequent hours bonus maximum proceeds: target raise eth but the nitro team may consider oversubscription eth nox distribution overview the total token supply will million noxs (finite supply). the initial distribution nox will follows: million noxs total supply) being offered for pre-sale and crowdsale. million noxs (.% total supply) will retained reserve for future issuance and use. million noxs (.% total supply) will paid fixed-rate publishing fee icandy ventures ltd for its role publishing games funded nitro. this will payable annually, from the reserve and will re-negotiated from time time. million noxs total supply) will retained nitro interactive limited fee for managing and developing the project. million noxs total supply) will retained nitro team's remuneration and future incentive expand the team. million noxs total supply) will awarded advisors nitro. use proceeds all proceeds received will distributed the following format: operations marketing platform development investment into games working capital the proceeds raised the crowdsale will held cryptocurrencies (eth). the remaining proceeds will converted into fiat currencies. for security purposes, nitro's crowdsale wallet will multisig wallet that requires least directors the nitro team authorise for operation. management lock-up noxs retained the nitro team will subjected lock-up period months from the date the completion the crowdsale. unique public and private markets' proposition nitro the first blockchain-based cryptocurrency project the world backed publicly traded company internationally recognised stock exchange (independently verified dealstreetasia.com). icandy interactive limited, leading southeast asian mobile games development company listed the australian securities exchange, backed reputable institutional investors such baidu, incubatefund and fatfish internet group. icandy interactive limited's subsidiary, icandy ventures ltd will facilitate the publishing all games funded the nitro project and make available its resources ongoing basis support the game publishing operation nitro. some the advantages having icandy ventures ltd the nitro project would include: part publicly traded group that backed reputable shareholders, icandy ventures ltd has reputational risk does not perform what tasked do. having backer that familiar with the video-games industry will translate greater resources and reach. icandy ventures ltd will have access expansive network studios that can already participate the platform, and with being industry player itself, will able reach out other smaller studios, which would greatly help kick start the development the nitro project. having backer that familiar with legal and regulatory framework will ensure that the project adheres the legal and regulatory frameworks countries operates in, giving greater assurance its success. nitro's road map