whitepaper november table contents introduction and concept the emergence data revolution page objectives and purpose page intra interoperable privacy platform page privacy features overview page nix platform multi-layered scheme page ii. protocol layer proof-of-stake consensus page optional nix ghost protocol privacy model page zero-knowledge proofs page zerocoin protocol page pedersen anonymous deposits: commitment key packs page bulletproofs integration page tor anonymity network page dandelion page ghostnodes page iii. utilization layer nix ghost vault ghosting and unghosting nix -way ghosting application nix ghost vault staking page page page page page iv. communication layer inter-communication model page sidechain model page dapps layer initial use case adoption: private decentralized trading page vi. conclusion nix core beliefs page specifications page nix network future page introduction and concept the emergence data revolution blockchain protocol has revolutionized the way the world looks data storage mecha nisms. specifically, networking helps achieve this decentralized distributed consensus combining the advantageous appliances blockchain and design. with that, new era data management and financial asset storage sprouted and came life. with the creation the first blockchain digital currency, bitcoin, early many researchers and like-minded visionaries recognized the potential independence that this technology holds. with the concept centralized organizations controlling operations from digital commerce financial industries, evident that world growing and ambitious individuals, these types organizations hold threat the advancement both the world and the way social structures are molded. throughout history, seen that all centralized entities have their downfall social struc tures advance and humanity progresses. leaving the power held select few deter mine the future evolvement humanity the exact reason why blockchain networ king was created. aside common known centralization problems, lack privacy adds second issue, not only traditional financial systems, but cryptocurrency transactions well. financial privacy has become rare and valued commodity; purchases performed via credit cards and bank transfers are monitored. possible determine lot about one person analyzing spending habits. sensitive financial information currently being stored systems that are highly vulnerable being compromised. bitcoin came solve some centralization problems providing the liberty transacting with others without third parties involved, has not, however, been able provide complete financial privacy transactions can still linked individuals. nixplatform.io objectives and purpose nix aims grant the means and resources empower people across the world achieve independence their social, economic, and global structure. these assets span from financial security and freedom private data management and even social content autonomy. the key issue within the blockchain and cryptocurrency realm the present user inte gration. although the technology has been battle hardened extent, real world velopment and use case little none. the adversity that nix aims solve bridging that problem and empowering elements create ecosystems with specific use case. order achieve this, nix adopting multiple privacy mechanisms, scaling solutions, smart contracts integration, sidechain utilities, and ease use towards the end consumer speci fically speed and environment. the nix protocol offers layered optional privacy that enabling people create medium communication and dapps between blockchain channels, for whichever purposes each channel stores. intra and interoperable privacy platform nix being built establish ecosystem asset distribution with the added power privacy. achieve this, the initial design targets series strong intra-chain privacy elements, like the nix ghost vault and -way ghosting, first make nix powerful privacy based coin. deliver the above mentioned features, nix has created personal privacy library named the nix ghost protocol, which using the mechanisms zerocoin privacy proofs, paired with one-time integrated zerocoin addresses. this also combined with tor network that offers obfs bridging and communication. all elements from networking privacy blockchain privacy are offered. along with the ghost protocol, atomic swaps infrastructure being developed allow private transactions among different chains. this layer focuses chain-to-chain private transfers via nix platform. nixplatform.io privacy features overview the nix ghost protocol consists several privacy elements that will continued built top of. nix platform has enabled zerocoin coupled with tor networking. zerocoin helps scramble user data creating system that makes impossible guess the correct original location assets. integrated with layering tor networking, users have both blockchain privacy well networking privacy. the use bulletproof integrations will keep being researched and developed into the nix ghost protocol, yet not available mainnet release. based the ghost protocol, nix developed its first privacy solution, nix ghost vault. this feature provides full one way privacy either the sender the receiver and allows users completely hide coins from the chain. apart from nix ghost vault functional feature, nix has crafted the first history privacyin-one-transaction development: nix -way ghosting. this innovative development allows users transfer their private coins from one vault someone else's vault. enable -way-ghosting, nix designed and implemented commitment key packs. commitment key packs allow for address-less blockchain payment protocol which has never been done before utilizing zerocoin. these privacy features are explained with details the present document. nix multi-layered scheme nix multi-layered privacy currency which utilizes interoperable platform model fuel privacy focused decentralized applications. definition covers main layers: protocol layer, containing the consensus mechanisms and privacy protocol design; utilization layer, which includes tools and features like the ghost vault and -way ghosting; the communication layer, accounting for interoperability between chains; and the dapp layer which extends dapp development and use cases such the dex manager. nixplatform.io ii. protocol layer proof-of-stake consensus the objective cryptocurrency security system ensure that remote processes arrive the same conclusion perfect order, this known consensus among nodes. all nodes the network must record every single transaction, which achieved the consensus protocol. nix platform employs proof-of-stake consensus mechanism secure the network, validate the blockchain and allow the emission new blocks. nix holders (stakers) act nodes that account for the execution those tasks; result, their voting power the network validation process proportional the amount nix coins they stake and thus their staking reward frequency. proof-of-stake technology complements nix's core value decentralization, mining monopolies that manipulate blocks become abolished and does not involve the creation new units money. optional nix ghost protocol privacy model the superior privacy layer that nix offers solves many concerns the cryptocurrency eco system. because nix believes that users should have the power privacy, not quired feature, simply optional one. with zero-knowledge proof elements for concealing transaction and data movements along with the zerocoin protocol and commitment key packs scheme, the nix privacy protocol the most robust and mathematically secured cryptocurrency system. the construction the privacy mechanism follows that slightly modified zerocoin tup still utilizing the rsa and discrete logarithm system for zero-knowledge proof setup. for the zerocoin parameter generation, nix creates scheme that has checkpoints. the initial layout the setup parameter, followed mint, spend, and finally verification. the two factors that are modified for the construction the nix model focus the last two elements, spend and verification. initially, setup parameter designed order create accumulator environment with prime numbers and such that for this point, the random generators created still maintain the zerocoin relation and there are modifications this nixplatform.io section. the mint parameter follows where outputs from the setup mechanism are used create zero-knowledge proof which helps verify ownership zerocoin the network. now comes the spend parameter which takes the output the mint create witness for the supposed solution. the nix network, the output from the spend then sent one-time-address the network which only communicated with the prover the zeroknowledge proof. the nix chain, spent zerocoin outputs nix that sent address that can only accessed and viewed the receiver and payee. since the payee the zerocoin accumulator this instance, privacy key between the receiver/user only. this process works follows: the transaction created and sent n', where the equivalent nix public key paring hashed with one-time-address. this case, displayed nix one-time-address chain that has link real nix addresses. because this, zerocoin can essentially created and spent right away via one-timeaddress platform since monitoring these outputs can only decoded between the receiver/user. this does not affect the verification parameter for our trustless zerocoin setup the signature knowledge not affected this method. peers are still able verify the signature knowledge with the known public parameters. now poses the issue monitoring peers which commit zerocoin transaction the mempool. because there possible way for attacker monitor user's interaction and transaction process via the networking the network, tor networking allows obfuscation with exit nodes which provides networking trustless setup prevent against these attacks, tor enabled default the nix platform setup. proof-of-stake consensus nixplatform.io zero-knowledge proofs zero-knowledge proofs are proofs that show statement true without revealing anything other than the veracity the statement proven. they are particularly effective fields like secure communication, privacy and authentication. definition, zero-knowledge proof must satisfy the following three properties: completeness, the high-probabilistic opportunity that the part telling the truth, the part being convinced that part telling the truth. soundness, the fact that part can only convince the part telling the truth. zero-knowledgeness, the fact that the part does not learn anything about the part a's knowledge. nix platform uses zero-knowledge proofs help anonymize transactions; detail, they allow nix obfuscate information transactions the public blockchain network. zerocoin protocol solve the dilemma anonymous transactions, bitcoin and preceding alternative crypto currencies have attempted use transaction mixers ring signatures. however, there are number drawbacks these proposed solutions. for one, malicious compromised member mixer ring signature can break privacy. furthermore, the anonymity set key metric understanding how private currency is. privacy formerly proposed lutions limited the size the mixing cycle ring signature. each mixing cycle ring signature controlled the number transactions per cycle, which transitively limited the block size the currency. thus, the anonymity set previous attempts privacy tends only few hundred transactions. the zerocoin protocol strong encryption system which large prime numbers are multiplied and the factorization the resulting number makes impossible find out which numbers are used. with zerocoin, the anonymity set dramatically higher magnitude. instead having limited the few dozens, the nix network, with the use zerocoin has anonymity set that encompasses all minted coins particular rsa accumulator that can scale many thousands, and -unlike other solutions- not subject transaction graph analysis. pedersen anonymous deposits: commitment key packs the introduction zero-knowledge commitment schemes using zerocoin protocol techniques allows for anonymous coin mixing blockchain which enables coin history destruction and full parameter privacy. currently, zerocoin enabled intra-layered nixplatform.io protocol for individual clients blockchain network. the nix network proposes solution that expands the isolated zero-knowledge scheme towards commitment key pack solution that allows third-parties conduct direct zero-knowledge payments resulting address-less blockchain payment protocol. soft-fork implementation, new key scheme can created which manages and tracks zerocoin pedersen commitment values for direct public deposits. understand how this does not compromise any parameter information from peer peer, nix breaks down the zerocoin payment layout follows: create zerocoin mint, several private parameters are used order generate the single public parameter that shared the network. random private ecdsa key created with every single zerocoin mint object, turn pairing public key (p) generated. the public key then ripemd hashed into serialized object create (s). finally, nix platform then generates large random number (r) that used compute the pedersen commitment (c) for the zerocoin through use rsa- the modulus commitment group. the one public parameter that now serialized and transmitted through the network the pedersen commitment (c). nix created key scheme called commitment key packs that allows packing pedersen commitments act one-time-key formats for zerocoin deposits. through this, nix can conduct full blockchain privacy payments without the need using any groupable addresses chain and instead conduct transactions using only zero-knowledge commitment schemes. commitment key pack creates simpler environment for clients manage one-time payment locations. default, zerocoin works fixed denomination payment model, and because this, each individual commitment key can only accept one deposit. the purpose for commitment key pack allow key format group commit schemes permit peers conduct multiple zerocoin transactions once. flexibility: this privacy model requires partial interactive payment setup between peers. because keys are one-time usable, providing the same key multiple payees not accepted, therefore custom commitment key pack should provided each payee. verification the payment can monitored offline manner, yet ownership the payment cannot verified offline. scalability: drawback this current model include lengthy and unfriendly key formats. because this payment protocol requires partial interactive payment setup, the encumbrances lengthy keys not pose major issue, yet this could mitigated the future enabling sender-receiver parameter calculations. this could done compromising one the private parameters such the random number (r) used calculate the pedersen commitment (c) calculated instead the sender. this case, the receiver only needs provide commitment key pack which packages the public nixplatform.io key hashed values which are much smaller length. another design that could used lessen the key length integration bulletproofs introduce reduction proof sizes which will directly affect the pedersen commitment size turn the commitment key pack. both these solutions are being looked into further. design: allow for flexibility the key scheme, the design commitment key pack reflects the following encoding format. base(c ... xffff(eokp) csize(byte) ... csizei checksum(bytes)) byte eokp (end-of-key-pack) identifier placed the end the grouped commitment keys, followed respective sizes single byte increments followed -byte checksum. this allows keys created based any amount commitment packings which allows for flexibility one-time payments, however big they may be. -packed amount enabled default, nonetheless simple parameter changes can modify the base client. implementation: because commitment key packs not work like standard key pairs, necessary continually scan each block for direct match. however, strenuous calculations are made determine whether not payment has been successfully transferred, the check can made o() time which turn adds negligible time the blockchain sync process. when localized zerocoin created currently, the zerocoin data written the wallet database which then used provide the proof zerocoin spend verification. however, commitment key packs differ that the proof information instead stored separate wallet database that used either generate packs for payments, scan each block transaction verify ownership. with commitment key packs being interactive payment model, simple spv wallets can dedicated hosting the one-time-keys associated with these payments. determine existent paid commitment key pack eligible redeem the blockchain, only two factors must known, the public commitment scheme, and the serialized private coin information. with these two parameters, light wallet does not need sync with the entire blockchain, and instead, only needs create data structure that holds total public and private redeemed commitment schemes chain. this can extremely light performance based process, and broadcasting payments the network does not require pre-existing blockchain history. benefits: there are many factors that could potentially break user's privacy single blockchain. commitment key packs create environment privacy that cannot broken any external parameter. one privacy failure could linking through node transaction transmission, which can help group and identify transactions made certain nodes one nixplatform.io owner. work-around for this would use tor/vpn and/or dandelion. the issue here though comes when transaction funded from multiple change addresses, linking the owner and previous blockchain history rendering the tor/vpn and/or dandelion useless. almost private all ends transaction, user would always need make sure proper networking and blockchain privacy managed; this could add inconveniences the process transacting specific blockchain network. with commitment key packs, there need for any networking privacy since transactions cannot linked public any utxo sets. theoretically, user only conducts transactions using commitment key packs, there could way compromising his/her history. conclusion: nix platform has proposed full parameter private address-less blockchain payment protocol which can integrated through simple soft-fork. the benefits that this payment model can offer, outweigh any encumbrances its current state. this protocol not only enhances user privacy single blockchain, also simplifies any layer- solutions utilizing privacy mechanisms. bulletproofs integration bulletproofs zero-knowledge proof integration creating confidentiality. the outlying solution which bulletproofs bring designing trustless setup that creates transaction output privacy for users whilst highly reducing transaction size. this protocol runs very short proofs and without trusted setup; the proof size only logarithmic the witness size. bulletproofs are especially well suited for efficient range proofs committed values. this technology brings significant improvement the cryptocurrency ecosystem regarding proof size. bulletproofs based the notion confidential transactions introduced maxwell order address the confidentiality the amounts. enable public validation, the transaction contains zero-knowledge proof that the sum the committed inputs greater than the sum the committed outputs, and that all the outputs are positive, namely they lie the interval [,n], where much smaller than the group size. consequence, bulletproofs increase size only logarithmically with the number outputs and size the range's proof, result, the size transactions get reduced significantly. this implementation can turn into huge space savings, faster transactions and incredible space savings. bulletproofs technology application being studied incorporated the nix network scaling solution. nixplatform.io tor anonymity network tor software that enables the ability conceal user location and usage from outside monitoring entities. when using tor, user's networking routed through thousands different network relays scramble initial internet traffic resulting secure system for networking. tor default networking tool enabled the nix network. dandelion the integration dandelion the nix network provides additional level privacy way concealing the address user broadcasting transaction. when user (a) wishes transfer funds another user (b), generates transaction message that includes some his/her information: the quantity funds transferred, the prior transaction from which these funds are drawn, and reference b's pseudonym. the system-wide sequence transactions shared and broadcasted the nodes that the network connected and recorded public blockchain very fast manner. considering the current node's communication protocol and given the wide propagation range user's information many nodes, can inferred that, several conditions are reached, the address that conducted the transaction could discovered, thus compromising user's privacy. dandelion modifies the communication protocol among nodes implementing processes called: stem phase and fluff phase. the stem phase changes the traditional model broadcasting transaction all nodes once, instead gets communicated from node node. each time node receives stem-phase transaction from another node, either relays the transaction diffuses it, which brings the second phase. once this information has been shared from node node, the fluff phase reconfigures the communication mode back traditional system, i.e., all connected nodes are informed about the transaction. the nodes that originally shared the information the stem phase not public way, highly decreases the probability finding the user who conducted the transaction. nixplatform.io nix ghostnodes nix ghostnodes help ensure dedicated network processing for ghost protocol transactions. any smart contract based element that requires autonomous privacy processing relies the nix ghostnodes fulfill that request. maintaining and running nix ghostnode decentralized process which users need obtain nix coins run. holding these nix coins 'g' addresses and following ghostnode setup procedures, the network uses nodes dedicate power for nix ghost protocol transactions ensuring bottleneck the computing component each privacy element; return, each ghostnode rewarded follows: a.) there fee awarded nix ghostnodes through any ghost protocol transaction enabled smart contract elements, which small charge pay for decentralized privacy that also includes atomic swaps. small charge pay for decentralized privacy. and b.), nix ghostnodes additionally earn partial block rewards around per block.nix ghostnodes survey zero-knowledge proofs with applications cryptography. austin mohr. southern illinois university carbondale, usa. zerocoin: anonymous distributed e-cash from bitcoin. ian miers, christina garman, matthew green, aviel rubin. the johns hopkins university department computer science, baltimore, usa. bulletproofs: short proofs for confidential transactions and more. benedikt bunz, jonathan bootle, dan boneh, andrew poelstra, pieter wuille, and greg maxwell. stanford university. university college london. dandelion++: lightweight cryptocurrency networking with formal anonymity guarantees. giulia fanti, shaileshh bojja venkatakrishnan, surya bakshi, bradley denby, shruti bhargava, andrew miller and pramod viswanath. nixplatform.io iii. utilization layer nix ghost vault nix ghost vault privacy feature based the ghost protocol that makes user's coins completely private from the chain. this element uses zerocoin conceal transaction location with one way privacy: either for the sender the receiver. this the first ghost protocol privacy solution allows users mint nix coins, essentially making them disappear with previous history and permitting the user decide when spend their coins leaving traces for nix. ghost vault functioning similar zerocoin accumulator which privatizes location zerocoin mixing. nix are not directly stored the vault, they are first minted into zerocoins the implementation the optional privacy ghost protocol. this system works similar accumulator combining everyone's minted zerocoins, what public knowledge the number zerocoins there are it, therefore there way identify which coins belong each user, which turn results complete anonymity. the overlying feature the ghost vault the more users and volume going in, the greater the privacy set for everyone utilizing the ghost protocol. nixplatform.io with this feature, each user able send coins their ghost vault which then hides the locations those coins. sending coins the ghost vault called "ghosting", this process fully private for receiver, the destination hidden location, yet the sending address public and identifiable. sending coins from the ghost vault called "unghosting", here the sending address, represented the vault private, giving sender privacy, yet the receiving address public. the ghost vault uses the ghost protocol, generates fees ghostnodes when users conduct public private payments, the coins stored into the vault distributed among nodes form income for backing the private transaction. commitment key packs scheme transactions (zerocoin zerocoin payments) are feeless. ghosting and unghosting zero-knowledge proofs are created whenever public nix coin ghosted which then serialized into format for specific transaction inputs and outputs. the specific format for these deployments are such: for nix coin being ghosted, the nix network utilizes the op_zerocoinmint opcode which enables peers read and store the transaction script zerocoin into the networks accumulator: vin: public nix coins vout: cscript() op_zerocoinmint pubcoinvaluesize pubcoinvalue; this simple storage the zerocoin model that was created when nix coins were being destroyed and ghosted. with this, the network communicates that there has been nix coin destroyed, and turn zerocoin has been made. for ghosted nix coin unghosted from its zerocoin format, nix platform utilizes the op_zerocoinspend opcode which enables peers read and validate the zerocoin spend script attempts convert zerocoin into nix public coin. the specific format for these deployments are such: nixplatform.io vin: cscript() op_zerocoinspend serializedcoinspendsize serializedcoinspendproof; vout: public nix coins here, the zero-knowledge proof the original zerocoin attached the transaction for the network validate. this entire process allows the destruction and recreation nix public coins two steps. nix -way ghosting enable full transaction privacy between sender and receiver, nix platform introduced the -way ghosting mechanism, which based our commitment key packs scheme. -way ghosting adds the ability mint new zerocoins when unghosting and deposit them into receiver's ghost vault. this brought nix platform towards enabling the faculty launch powerful private smart contracts chain while allowing end-to-end zerocoin private transactions, never-done before implementation. application for being ghosted, nix coins through the ghost protocol which destroys nix and converts them into zerocoins. the vault represents cryptographically secured place where those zerocoins are stored and become impossible trade from the chain they get mixed with other user's zerocoins. once the vault, coins can transferred two different locations. the original format then sent public nix address. meaning zerocoins are unghosted and thus converted into new nix. the receiver public nix address, those nix can traced throughout the blockchain, therefore they are longer private. eliminate one way privacy issues, nix employs key list containing customized onetime-keys (ghost keys) based the commitment key packs scheme; they can found nix core wallet and are used unlock zerocoins. nixplatform.io the receiver must provide the sender with one ghost key, and now, instead ghosted nix being sent one public address, they are converted into new ghosted nix, sent ghost key and progressively the receiver's ghost vault. can noticed the whole process performed without involving public addresses and without compromising user's security once ghost key gets used gets burnt. nix ghost vault staking nix platform planning the incorporation ghost vault staking that users keeping their coins private the vault not miss rewards. this feature, aside keeping coins private, capable increasing nix platform privacy set incentivizes users stake their coins the form zerocoins directly from the ghost vault. nixplatform.io iv. communication layer the purpose this layer incorporate different platforms, allowing them build the nix network access various blockchains privacy agnostic fashion. the crosschain atomic swaps infrastructure that being built nix plays important role this ecosystem, not mention that privacy the key factor provided within this interoperability infrastructure. inter-communication model the creation inter-communication model within the nix environment points multiple elements. the utilization privacy centered smart contracts allows for dapps fill the space for inter-chain communication protocols. branching outwards, the nix architecture proposes the creation any chain-to-chain com munication layer use the privacy metrics that nix offers. not only nix provides value its own financial ecosystem, also consents utility smart contract privacy system. nix aims allow users lock the network required consensus for chain-to-chain creation. essentially, when user wishes create dapp that operates within the nix dominion, the initial fee for creating the platform entitle users deposit nix into network distributed address, this address fulfills agreement requirements the establishment the communication model. sidechain model the integration sidechain ecosystem nix offers users, developers, and businesses the opportunity create and attach their own networks the nix network. the purpose that sidechains aim achieve within nix create framework that permits network customization without requiring change the nix core protocol. this plays big role nix's direction solving supply chain management through blockchain. nixplatform.io dapps layer the dapp layer consists decentralized applications running top the nix network utilizing nix's unique privacy protocols. dapps economize digital resources providing way monetize what has previously been very difficult do. the nix dapp layer provides the option full privacy for all these digital assets utilizing nix privacy protocols. the first case dapp the creation nix ecosystem the bridge between dex platforms delivering privacy layered system privatize atomic swaps. the dex manager looks forward solving privacy layers among dex trading while also connecting all joined dexes allowing for much greater amounts liquidity. initial use case adoption: private decentralized trading demonstrate important aspect for the financial world cryptocurrency, nix targe ting the creation the first privatized decentralized exchange manager. traditional markets, trusted third party required for users and traders engage and trade currencies through escrow. many times throughout the evolution cryptocurrency trading, this trust has been abused and traders/users have been taken advantage of. the use atomic swaps eliminates this issue, and the process for nix privacy swap simple. integrating several dex platforms, nix platform allows for the exchange one cryp tocurrency for another without the need trusted third party. this system creates layer privacy for any protocol and tradeable asset through multi-tiered trading structure. nix seeks bridge communication within external dexes create privacy elements among all and any compatible ecosystems. the progressive incorporation more dexes allowing nix achieve this system unification, permitting direct development each protocol streamlined fashion prompter integration developed. trade coin for coin via the nix platform, there are several steps that take place ensure that when trader receives coin the swap untraceable and private. the privacy process swap coin for coin works both routes: coin and are mutually traded for nix. this possible with any decentralized exchange protocol that gets integrated into the nix platform. nixplatform.io nix ghost protocol transactions are conducted means the nix ghostnodes ensuring anonymous and private trade. once the coins are privatized and become untraceable the network their origin, they are turn traded for coin and coin and sent the respective traders. finally, the initial coin owner holds coin amount which was generated from the zerocoin anonymous transaction that the nix network created. same for the coin owner. all coins are then traced back the nix trade that used, and since the nix coins hold prior record, there historical trace the atomic swap, creating privacy layer for atomic transactions. nix ghostnodes work accomplish these consensus requirements. any integrated dex communication model handled between nix ghostnodes the nix network. with the nix consensus system utilizing proof-of-stake chain, nix ghostnodes are used approve and fulfill cross chain protocols. the use nix ghostnodes generates automation network privacy for these created ecosystems. nixplatform.io vi. conclusion nix core beliefs create powerful and decentralized system such the one nix aims enable, there are multiple elements which hold core the value and dedication the project. the nix network believes that mandatory focus the vision truly decentralized environment help empower people all around the globe while combining not only technical resources but also strong forces that work finally provide cryptocurrencies with what they need: privacy and decentralization. specifications the following represents nix's specifications: specifications block time seconds minutes) ii. block reward halving every years for ghostnodes iii. nix emission staking circulating supply iv. total block reward (starting million nix circulating supply) nix initial circulation nix vi. bitcoin core version vii. block emission proof-of-stake viii. governance full network ix. privacy nix ghost protocol nixplatform.io nix network future nix's final goals are provide full privacy and decentralization, are moving forward towards those goals delivering privacy-based solutions that are the foundation nix platform's use case and moving more decentralized ecosystem, one which any developer can build top of. the nix network forsees the future follows: having utilization layer applications being widely and promptly implemented well accomplishing private trades between chains, which encompasses nix's communication layer goals. subsequently, the network looks forward the launch nix's dex manager the first dapp layer solution. this intended become user friendly application that, privacy tool, executes transactions among different dexes. ultimately, nix's purpose become completely decentralized project, where main teams nor development funding are needed, instead, having several teams that work different areas update the core code whilst offering tool kits for other developers create their own dapps using nix's privacy utilities. nixplatform.io nix platform whitepaper