nkn: scalable self-evolving and self-incentivized decentralized network nkn lab www.nkn.org (dated: march version: nkn (new kind network) new generation highly scalable, self-evolving and selfincentivized blockchain network infrastructure. nkn addresses the network decentralization and self-evolution introducing cellular automata (ca) methodology for both dynamism and efficiency. nkn tokenizes network connectivity and data transmission capacity novel and useful proof work. nkn focuses decentralizing network resources, similar how bitcoin and ethereum decentralize computing power well how ipfs and filecoin[] decentralize storage. together, they form the three pillars the internet infrastructure for next generation blockchain systems. nkn ultimately makes the network more decentralized, efficient, equalized, robust and secure, thus enabling healthier, safer, and more open internet. contents challenges limitations networks resource utilization net neutrality fragmentation vision objectives nkn the third pillar: networking elementary components networking toolkit for fast and painless dapp development technology foundations cellular automata rules formulas new kind network next generation decentralized network useful proof work network topology and routing ... dynamics ... self-organization ... self-evolution efficient decentralization cellular automata powered consensus mainstream consensus cellular automata powered consensus ... scalability issue bft and pbft ... consensus cellular automata described ising model ... ising model ... link between cellular automata and ising model ... majority vote cellular automata consensus algorithm ... randomized neighbors ... simulations consensus algorithm ... extension asynchronous and unreliable networks proof relay potential attacks conclusions references after years transmutation, the internet danger losing its original vision and spirit. for example, network neutrality overturned []; spectrum and bandwidth are not efficiently utilized; information fragmented and can censored; privacy protection limited. these signal that the network needs reform. existing solutions are not suitable for next generation blockchain systems due the following reasons: utilize centralized approach improve efficiency. sacrifice the scalability the network speed consensus. limit participation rate nodes require authorization increase "security". use purely financial motivations trusted third parties solve problems which should solved mathematics and technology. challenges limitations networks peer-to-peer (pp) networks currently face several major challenges, which are the opportunities for nkn. first static network topology vulnerable faulty and malicious attack. second, there economic selfincentivized scheme for network connectivity and data transmission. finally, network scalability widely sacrificed enhance controllability. these are all solved the nkn shown fig. resource utilization highly reliable, secure and diverse internet essential everyone. yet, huge inefficiency exists the current network when providing global connectivity and information transmission. it's time rebuild the network want, not just patch the network have. fully decentralized and anonymous peer-to-peer system offers huge potential terms improved efficiency, sustainability and safety for industry and society. net neutrality fragmentation when the federal communications commission (fcc) approved measure remove the net neutrality rules the end [], demand ending our reliance big telecommunication monopolies and building decentralized, affordable, locally owned internet infrastructure becomes ever stronger. the unrestricted and private internet access environment becoming unsustainable under endless stream attacks and blockage, leading selective and biased information propagation. without proper incentivizing engagement scheme, almost impossible maintain constant and secured information propagation channel. furthermore, internet has become fragmented due various reasons. this not only exacerbates separation but also negatively impacts innovation science, technology and economy. vision nkn intends revolutionize the entire network technology and business. nkn wants the uber airbnb the trillion-dollar communication service business, but without central entity. nkn aspires free the bits, and build the internet always wanted. objectives nkn nkn sets the following objectives: any node can connect this fully open network from any place promote network sharing secure net neutrality from network layer innovations always keep network open and scalable fig. feature comparisons between existing solutions and nkn. perform efficient and dynamic routing tokenize network connectivity and data transmission assets and incentivize participating nodes design and build the next generation blockchain network the third pillar: networking blockchainizing the third and probably the last pillar internet infrastructure, nkn will revolutionize the blockchain ecosystem innovating the network layer, after bitcoin and ethereum blockchainized computing power well ipfs and filecoin[] blockchainized storage. the next generation blockchains based nkn are capable supporting new kind decentralized applications (dapp) which have much more powerful connectivity and transmission capability. the vision nkn not only revolutionize the decentralized network layers, but also develop core technologies for the next generation blockchain. core building blocks compute infrastructure compute: storage: network: bitcoin ipfs/ nkn ethereum filecoin fig. nkn the pillar blockchainized internet infrastructure. elementary components nkn builds upon several innovative elementary components that are different from existing solutions, shown fig. application layer: dapps smart contracts incentive layer: transmission connectivity tokenized consensus layer: more useful proof work: proof relay networks layer: cellular automata rules dynamic topology block structure, cryptography etc. fig. nkn elementary components. blockchainizing the remaining core building blocks computing infrastructure: nkn in- troduces the concept decentralized data transmission network (ddtn) scheme and utilizes truly decentralized blockchain provide network connectivity and data transmission capability using massive independent relay nodes solve the problem precipitation redundant data the network. cellular automata powered ddtn: nkn introduces the idea using cellular automata reconstruct the network layer. the intrinsic characteristics cellular automata such decentralization, peer equivalence and concurrency enable build truly decentralized blockchain network. cellular automata driven consensus: nkn achieves consensus efficiently with high fault tolerance large scale distributed systems based cellular automata, which essential for decentralized systems without trusted third parties. proof relay, useful proof work: nkn proposes proof relay (por), mechanism that encourages participants contribute blockchain network sharing their connectivity and bandwidth get rewards, enhancing network connectivity and data transmission capacity. por useful proof work (pow). tokenization network connectivity and data transmission capability: nkn tokenizes network connectivity and data transmission capability encouraging participants share their connectivity and bandwidth exchange for tokens. idle network resources can better used through such sharing mechanism. nkn improves the utilization network resources and the efficiency data transmission. refer our paper economics model for details []. networking toolkit for fast and painless dapp development: with nkn, dapp developers now have new networking toolkit build truly decentralized applications quickly and easily. dapp developers can focus entirely creativity, innovation, user interface user experience and business logic. this networking toolkit entirely complimentary the toolkit other blockchain projects working identity, machine learning, payment, storage, and etc. nkn utilizes cellular automata methodologies achieve full decentralization. all nodes are equal, truly peer peer, and each capable sending, receiving, and relaying data. cellular automata makes possible have simple local rules that can generate highly dynamical and highly scalable global network overlay topology that independent the underlying physical and logical infrastructure. the simplicity and locality rules make possible have cost efficient implementation all types network devices, from internet things (iot), smart phones, all the way routers. despite its seemingly simplicity, cellular automata enabled routing can highly random and unpredictable, thus providing superior security and privacy. nkn nodes get rewarded for providing connectivity and transmission power, resulting fully competitive marketplace optimized for maximizing the entire network capacity. for existing networks, nkn will increase the utilization connectivity and data transmission capacity sharing the unused bandwidth participating nodes. more and more new nodes will join the network earn reward, thus quickly bootstrapping and expanding the nkn network. existing nodes are incentivized upgrade and increase data transmission capacity. all above will further boost overall network capacity, well improve the dynamic topology since the network has much more degrees freedom choosing the route. addition, nkn proposes novel and more useful proof work. unlike traditional hashing computation type proof work that provides additional utility, nkn introduces proof relay based many useful activities including staying on-line for extended period, expanding amount peer connection, providing high speed and low latency relay, etc. even the consensus algorithm designed from ground improve efficiency and fairness, while converge deterministically and globally based local knowledge. furthermore, nkn intended promote network sharing and network ownership its users. nkn's economic model and governance model will reflect this design and implementation. these technology and economic model innovations complement each other and together will amplify the power nkn network. networking toolkit for fast and painless dapp development and provider the entire system well. top that, each layer there are built-in self-incentivized mechanism maximize the network effect and bootstrap the entire community. nkn will one the three foundational elements and play critical role this decentralized paradigm. technology foundations this whitepaper, take selective elements the nks (new kind science) inspiration. nkn utilizes microscopic rules based cellular automata define network topology, achieves self-evolution behaviors, and explores cellular automata driven consensus, which fundamentally different from existing blockchain network layer. powerful tool study complex systems, cellular automaton closely linked philosophical categories such simple and complex, micro and macro, local and global, finite and infinite, discrete and continuous, etc. cellular automata dynamic simple peer equal cellular automata parallel decentralized open with nkn, dapp developers now have new networking toolkit build truly decentralized applications rapidly and painlessly. dapp developers can focus entirely the ideas and innovation, (user interface) /ux (user experience), and business logic that make their product successful the end users. they longer need wade through the wild jungle blockchain, cryptography, consensus mechanism, identity and security before they even write one line code for their users. for example, traditional app development with centralized saas (software service) offerings, one can host app cloud computing platforms, store data cloud storage, use web services for text message, phone call and payment. the decentralized blockchain world, already conceivable today build new kind facebook using ethereum /neo for computing, ipfs for storage, and nkn for networking. the beauty this new paradigm that users will personally own their identity and data, and can both consumer fig. properties cellular automata. cellular automata (ca) state machine with collection nodes, each changing its state following local rule that only depends its neighbors. each node only has few neighbor nodes. propagating through local interactions, local states will eventually affect the global behavior ca. the desired openness network determined the homogeneity cellular automata where all nodes are identical, forming fully decentralized (peer-to-peer) network. each node the nkn network constantly updating based its current state well the states neighbors. the neighbors each node are also dynamically changing that the network topology also dynamic without changing its underlying infrastructure and protocols. nkn utilizes achieve efficient, decentralized, and dynamical topology such that information and data can transmitted efficiently and dynamically without centralized connectivity. proaches utilizing static and fully connected topology. complex systems with such simple structure are closer natural systems, thus enabling self-evolution. rules formulas the cellular automata programming formula called "local rule", which indispensable rule for next generation network nkn and has important influence the network topology -]. proper choice local rules leads cellular automata with complex but self-organized behaviors the boundary between stability and chaos. rules are essential because they are formulas program cellular automata and automata networks. the static characteristics cellular automaton discrete dynamic system defined (s, finite number nodes interact regular network. represents states nodes, where each node has local state. the state all nodes determines the global state. denotes the number nodes network. denotes neighbor set, i.e. which neighbor nodes are taken into account local state transitions. denotes state transition function, which has dramatic impact the global evolution the system. the dynamic characteristics cellular automaton illustrated fig. dynamic evolution starts from initial state. nodes change their states based their current states and the states their neighbor nodes. the global state fully determined local states all nodes and evolves accordingly. dimension local state cells static state transitions neighborhood initial local state cellular automata characterization dynamic evolution current state cell states neighbor cells dynamic evolution correlation local states evolution global states evolution synchronous dynamics state transitions asynchronous stochastic fig. characteristics cellular automata. the nkn team believes ca-based ca-driven systems are more natural and organic than current ap- new kind network nkn the next generation peer peer network infrastructure built upon blockchain technology backed cellular automata theory aiming revolutionizing the internet with true decentralization and native token incentive mechanism. next generation decentralized network the current leaders blockchain, bitcoin and ethereum tokenize computational power through proof work (pow). ipfs [], filecoin [], sia and storj [], the other hand, tokenize storage. yet, few systems blockchainize network connectivity and data transmission power, the third essential building block the internet. nkn designed tokenize network connectivity and data transmission capability useful pow. nkn solves the "efficiency" problem blockchain equalizing all nodes the network. each node follows rule cellular automaton and updates its state based local rules. proposed von neumann cellular automaton (ca) generic term for type model, state machine characterized discrete time, space and interaction discrete system that evolves locally according specific rules and proven able emulate the evolution complex systems. cellular automaton has the characteristics decentralization, peer equality and concurrency. for the first time, nkn proposed cellular automata the fundamental element the network layer for blockchain, ensure that the entire network layer can benefit from it. updating formulas cellular automata are called "local rules", which are found the critical factor that controls the transition cellular automaton between stability and chaos []. indispensable part nkn, rules are one the main factors impacting the network topology. nkn introduced the concept decentralized data transmission network (ddtn). ddtn combines multiple independent and self-organized relay nodes provide clients with connectivity and data transmission capability. this coordination decentralized and does not require trust any involved parties. the secure operation nkn achieved through consensus mechanism that coordinates and validates the operations performed each node. ddtn provides variety strategies for decentralized application (dapp). contrast centralized network connectivity and data transmission, there are multiple efficient paths between nodes ddtn, which can used enhance data transmission capacity. native tokens can incentivize the sharing network resources, and eventually minimize wasted connectivity and bandwidth. such property termed "self-incentivized". useful proof work the pioneering cryptocurrency, bitcoin generated mining, proof work mechanism that incentivizes miners verify transactions solving difficult hashing problems. the downside bitcoin mining that efficient mining requires specialized and expensive hardware and consumes lot energy. according digiconomist, bitcoin energy consumption rate close twh/year mid february and still increasing, while the number close twh/year for ethereum. electricity consumed these two cryptocurrencies combined has surpassed the electricity usage many countries. way prove the work while avoiding waste resources highly desired. nkn proposes alternative the current pow providing more decentralized, dynamically evolving, self-organizing and self-evolving network infrastructure and designing whole new set consensus mechanisms. the novel pow does not result waste resources. instead, peer-to-peer sharing mechanism blockchain level. participants receive rewards contributing more network resources than they consume. nkn uses proof relay mechanism guarantee network connectivity and data transmission capacity. markovian updating rule should take both topology the network and states nodes into consideration such that a(t [a(t), s(t)] s(t g[a(t s(t)] where s(t) vector representing the states all nodes the network time the topology updating rule, and the state updating rule. similarly, and should chosen such that only information current neighbors are used when updating. the state could contain historical information. example state blockchain system all the blocks that node stores locally. note that although describe the system formally using the global state and global connectivity each node only needs know and store its local state and neighbors {j|aij consider caon blockchain system where blocks are being generated. each time block received, the node updates its state and send the block neighbors with digital signature. the neighbors will decide whether forward the message depending their states like has received the block, the block valid, conflict with other block state, effectively affecting the topology the entire network without changing the physical layer the underlying protocol. example illustrate how model the network, one can consider general network automaton that allows arbitrary number neighbors. for simplicity, minimalist approach adopted emulate blockchain expanding and data relay from small set microscopic rules. initially (at time zero) the network cubic structure with nodes, each has neighbors, shown fig. network topology and routing cellular automata networks (caon) natural extension cellular automata that able model networks with non-geometric neighbor connections. powerful when modeling networks whose topology evolving based local rules. the goal build decentralized blockchain system with dynamic topology, caon natural model for the system. consider dynamic network with nodes. the network connections time can described adjacency matrix a(t) that evolves with time. connections between nodes can added, removed, altered each time step. the dynamics markovian, the updating process can written a(t [a(t)], where the updating rule network topology. keep the updating rule local, should chosen such that only information the neighbors each node used when updating its connections. the updating rule above does not contain states nodes, the topology evolution independent the state any node. more general fig. example network automata with nodes forming cubic network space initial state. starting from the simple network fig. the system extended adding nodes following various updating rules. the resulting topology can dramatically different when different rules are used, shown fig. nkn will bridge network evolution and blockchain functions using similar network models with microscopic rules. the simple local rules make replication straightforward, simplifying and accelerating system implementations. (a) (b) (a) fig. some examples complex blockchain network topologies with various simple rule sets (a) ring topology, rule time step (b) pseudo-random topology, rule time step (b) ... dynamics dynamics caon are purely local: each node evaluates the state transition independently other nodes and changes its state accordingly []. node state can driven either the interaction between nodes, external information, shown fig. commanded external entity autonomously, based some internal autonomous decision making fig. possible conditions for node change its state caon. rules are crucial the resulting topology caon. network topology would very different given small changes the updating rules, shown fig. although the mathematical description discrete time step was used for convenience, caon does not require nodes have any global time discrete time. instead, each node performs the update asynchronously []. this more general and realistic description real blockchain networks. ... self-organization the global dynamics cellular automata can classified into types []: steady, periodic, chaotic, and complex. our focus the complex type (class also known the edge chaos, where all initial patterns evolve into structures that interact complex ways, with (c) fig. dynamics network topology rewriting rules cellular automata the same time step index, (a) rule time step (b) rule time step (c) rule time step the formation local structures that can survive for long periods time. wolfram speculates that although not all the class cellular automata are capable universal computation, many them are turing-complete. this view has been successfully proven the rules and conway's game life []. complex, selforganizing and dynamical structures emerge spontaneous class ca, providing ideal candidate for the basis decentralized systems. stability periodic behavior rule class- global uniform patterns rule class- periodic, regular patterns edges chaos rule chaos rule class- class- complex, selfseemingly organized random behavior langton's fig. wolfram's classes behaviors versus langton's parameter cellular automata. quantitative measure the rule that can explain and predict the behavior type the the langton's parameter defined the fraction rule table entries that results active state. increases from the system will transit from steady state periodic state, then complex state, and finally chaos state, shown fig. the classic with nearest neighbor interaction, class behavior emerges when around langton's parameter provides theoretical guide how find the desired updating rules, which essential for high dimensional systems. hubs are discouraged. sparse random network one possible topology that could generated from such mechanism. decentralized and thus robust the failure any node, while still being efficient routing due its small network diameter []. ... cellular automata powered consensus self-evolution caon inherently self-evolving due its simple but powerful local dynamics. the updating rule essentially sets the direction evolution, and the system evolves continuously towards the direction, regardless the initial states how nodes are added the network. fig. shows example the self-evolution caon. nodes blockchain are peers due the decentralized nature blockchain. the inherent lack trust blockchain systems particularly noteworthy because any node can send any information any nodes the blockchain. peers must evaluate information and make agreement their actions for blockchain work properly []. nkn designed futuristic blockchain infrastructure that requires low latency, high bandwidth, extremely high scalability and low cost reach consensus. these properties are crucial for future dapps. thus, nkn needs new consensus algorithms that could satisfy such high requirements. (a) (b) (c) fig. self-evolution caon model rule various time step index (a) (b) (c) efficient decentralization due the dynamical nature nkn, network topology between nodes constantly updating. proper updating mechanism critical achieve decentralization the resulting topology. if, for example, the updating mechanism chosen such that newly joined node has higher chance choose node with more neighbors its neighbor, and the probability choose node proportional the degree that node, then the resulting network will scale-free []: the degree distribution follows power law form. such networks have centralized hubs defined nodes with huge degree. although hubs could potentially increase efficiency, they make network less robust the failure hubs will have much larger impact than the failure other nodes. one the nkn's goals design and build networks that are decentralized while still being efficient information transmission. this should done using proper topology updating mechanism that considers both algorithm and incentive. the algorithm side, neighbors should sampled and chosen randomly; the incentive side, reward for data transmission should sublinear (grows slower than linear function) that mainstream consensus currently there are several approaches reach consensus blockchain: byzantine fault tolerance algorithm (bft) [], practical byzantine fault tolerance algorithm (pbft) [], proof work algorithm (pow) [], proof stake algorithm (pos) and delegated proof stake algorithm (dpos) []. practical byzantine fault tolerant (pbft): byzantine fault tolerance model that leslie lamport proposed explain the issue consensus. discusses the consensus under the scenario where some nodes could evil (the message may forged) and provides worst-case guarantee []. byzantine fault tolerance, let the total number nodes and the number bad nodes then the problem can solved the byzantine fault tolerant (bft) algorithm. lamport proved that there valid algorithm such that when the fraction bad nodes does not exceed one-third, good nodes could always reach consensus matter what messages bad nodes send. practical byzantine fault tolerant (pbft), first proposed castro and liskov was the first bft algorithm widely used practice []. pbft much more efficient and works asynchronized way, while can still tolerate same number faulty nodes bft, making more practical use real systems. proof work (pow): bitcoin blockchain network introduced innovative proof work (pow) algorithm []. the algorithm limits the number proposals increasing the cost them, and relax the need for final confirmation conformity agreeing that everyone will accept the longest-known chain. this way, anyone who tries vandalism will pay great economic cost. that is, pay more than half the system computing power. later, various "pox" series algorithms are proposed following this thought, using economic penalties restrict the spoilers. pow the consensus used bitcoin and also the earliest used blockchain system. brief, pow means how much work miner pays and how much gains. the work here the computing power and time which miner provides contribute the blockchain system. the process providing such services "mining". pow, the mechanism allocate reward that the mining income proportional the computing power. the more powerful mining machine used, the more expected reward miners will get. proof stake (pos): initially, proof stake reduces the difficulty calculating hash according the amount tokens held. pos similar financial assets bank, which distribute financial return proportional the amount assets that stakeholder holds given period. similarly pos, the blockchain system allocates "interests" according stakeholder's token amount and hold time delegated proof stake (dpos), not every stakeholder able create block. instead, nodes vote for trustees that represent them enter the parliament and create blocks. users who would like become trustees need through community canvassing order gain trust the community []. cellular automata powered consensus ... scalability issue bft and pbft challenging get consensus large distributed systems using bft and pbft algorithm. bft algorithm, the total number messages sent the system o(n !)[], making not practical. pbft algorithm reduced the total message count o(n )[], which tractable but not scalable when large. addition, both bft and pbft requires every node have list all other nodes the network, which hard for dynamical network. ... consensus cellular automata described ising model totic behavior the system controlled its updating rule. possible achieve guaranteed global consensus using message passing algorithm based only sparse local neighbors for set updating rules. using the mathematical framework originally developed for ising model physics, found and proved that class rules will guarantee reach consensus most o(n iterations using only states sparse neighbors exact map from zero temperature ising model. some studies investigated the fault tolerance cellular automata and how increase robustness cellular automata-based systems [-]. further showed that the result robust random and malicious faulty nodes and compute the threshold when desired consensus cannot made. ... ising model ising model model spin systems with pairwise interaction under external magnetic field []. the hamiltonian (energy) the system without external magnetic field can written h(s) jij i,j where the spin node and jij the interaction between node and node consider the case where jij can only (ferromagnetic interaction) (no interaction). the probability that the system will state under equilibrium follows the boltzmann distribution p(s) -bh(s) i,j jij -bh(s) where the partition function, with being boltzmann constant and being the temperature, representing noise level the system. the units where will used for simplicity. ising model lattice has been extensively studied for the ising model dimensional lattice with nearest neighbor interaction, phase transition occurs finite critical temperature except for where the critical temperature when for example, for square lattice with nearest neighbor interaction, the exact solution the ising model can obtained. the critical temperature ln( and the spontaneous magnetization cellular automata (ca) naturally large distributed system with only local connections. the asymp- hsi (sinh b)- all the spins will become the same (either when the distributed system interest can mathematically described ising model, then the system guaranteed achieve consensus (all nodes have the same states) when temperature zero. finite temperature plays the role failure adding randomness state transition, and finite critical temperature leads robustness such failure. ... majority vote cellular automata consensus algorithm majority vote cellular automata (mvca) cellular automata using majority vote updating rule. can formalized st+ sign jij stj ... link between cellular automata and ising model cellular automata (ca) closely related ising model. characterized its updating rule p(st+ |st p(st+ |st that represents the probability the system transfer state st+ time given system state time the transfer probability conditional independent because every node updates its state solely depending the previous system state. for deterministic ca, the transfer probability p(st+ |st delta function. hamiltonian the form h(s) i,j jij can defined for such that p(st+ |st e-bh(si |st stj jij st+ where h(st+ |st the hamiltonian the system given state stj and st+ the transfer probai bility becomes p(st+ |st i,j stj jij st+ now define new state which joint state and such that p(s p(st- the transfer probability now proportional the boltzmann distribution p(s p(st+ |st jij st+ stj e-bh(s with hamiltonian h(s i,j jij st- stj where the interaction within and within zero. thus, the mapped ising model with state the stationary distribution follows the boltzmann distribution p(s) e-bh(s) while the stationary distribution given pi,j jij s*j p(s) i,j deterministic can mapped ising model zero temperature, where p(s) and p(s) nonzero only state(s) with lowest energy. the case jij which are interested in, only two states (si are allowed zero temperature. where jij node and are connected, otherwise sign(x) sign() with equal probability. the definition sign() does not have any impact each node has odd number (k) connections, which true for dimensional cellular automata with nearest neighbor connections and self connection. only odd considered forpsimplicity. the hamiltonian can defined i,j jij one can check that the majority vote rule satisfies the stj jij st+ with zero mapping condition p(st+ temperature according the previous section, when mvca reaches equilibrium, all nodes will have the same state which depends initial condition. show that mvca will converge its equilibrium, use the equation derived previous section p(s e-bh(s since p(s nonzero only when h(s minimized. from the definition h(s) get i,j jij st+ i,j jij where equal possible only when st+ since st+ uniquely determined when every node has odd number connections. specifically, for st- have h(s h(s where equal holds only when st+ st- i.e. system equilibrium two state oscillation. the latter one can avoided when dynamic ignore for now. h(s h(s before mvca reaches its equilibrium. the other hand, note that h(s) can only integers that change step and -kn h(s) where the total number nodes the system and the number connections each node has. thus mvca guarantees converge consensus state most iterations for any initial state. similarly, the initial state has "incorrect" values, takes most iterations correct those "incorrect" values. although the derivation above use the model, did not assume local connectivity. fact, the results are valid for any network topology with symmetric connectivity matrix ... randomized neighbors cellular automata and ising model are both lattice based system with interaction strength mostly depends euclidean distance. such kind models are mathematically easier solve, while not practical implement distributed systems, especially when nodes are dynamical, unreliable, and uncontrollable. here propose that random network should better topology for consensus distributed system with dynamical nodes. the consensus algorithm proposed works random networks without any modification that every node does not need maintain specific connectivity. should mentioned that the random network discussed here purely overlay network, regardless how the nodes are physically connected. distributed system where node does not have list other nodes, one can use algorithms like peer sampling achieve random connectivity. critical parameter that controls how fast information propagates and thus consensus could made the network diameter which defined the shortest distance between the two most distant nodes the network. for random network where each node has neighbors and o(logn the diameter the network most o(logn [], much smaller than lattice based system. this expected since random network could have long range connections, which not possible lattice systems. result, random networks converge faster consensus states. also shown that increase leads smaller diameter [], one may expect. wolfram class cellular automata ideal construct the randomized network for superior consensus performance. class ca, the connectivity effectively unpredictable, self-organized and self-evolved. ... simulations consensus algorithm show the performance our consensus algorithm, apply simulated network with nodes. each node has neighbors randomly selected from the network. each iteration, its state updated based the states its neighbors plus its own state using mvca rule proposed above. neighbors are one directional that not guaranteed symmetric. initially (iteration the state each node independently chosen with some probability. the simulation run for several iterations with different shown fig. one can see that the mvca converges global consensus state just few steps even with much faster than the theoretical upper bound note that consensus will reached even when the initial state contains equal number and nodes. larger leads faster convergence. should mentioned that when large, the topology the random network will closer its typical case the probability have any specific connectivity decreases exponentially increases. thus, one should look mean convergence time rather than worst case when (and only when) large, our simulations. further simulate the scenario where fraction nodes are malicious. this case correct nodes have initial state while malicious nodes have initial state and does not update their states regardless the states their neighbors. the goal the correct nodes reach consensus state while the malicious nodes try reach consensus state from the results (fig. can seen that there transition between collapsing the wrong state (-) and keeping most correct nodes the correct state (). for and the critical fraction the malicious nodes around which significant considering the size the critical fraction also depends shown fig. larger has two effects: more malicious nodes can tolerated, and less correct nodes will affected malicious nodes. results fig. and fig. combined show the upper bound and lower bound the network dynamics with faulty initial states: the former one simulates the case where nodes with incorrect initial state are not malicious, while the latter one simulates the case where nodes with incorrect initial state are all malicious and want the rest the network agree the incorrect state. network dynamics fall between these two curves with the same initial states whatever strategy faulty nodes (the ones with faulty initial state) take. ... extension asynchronous and unreliable networks one advantage using ising model describe the system the natural extension noisy and unreliable communication channels. the temperature parameter ising model controls the amount noise the system, and our case the randomness the updating rule. zero temperature, the updating rule deterministic, while the rule becomes more random when temperature increases, and eventually becomes purely random when temperature goes infinity. including default state, probabilistic failure message delivery can modeled finite temperature ising model. thus, consensus can still made long noise under the threshold, discussed above. the threshold can computed numerically given the statistics network connectivity. asynchronous state update can also modeled such noise when communication timeout added, making practical for implementation. proof relay consensus nkn driven proof relay (por), useful proof work (pow) where the expected rewards node gets depend its network connectivity and data transmission power. node proves its relay workload adding digital signature when forwarding data, which then accepted the system through consensus algorithm. por not waste resources since the work performed por benefits the whole network providing more transmission power. the "mining" redefined contributing the data transmission layer, and the only average state average state iteration iteration fig. average state the system converges either both representing global consensus. mvca converges consensus state which the state the majority nodes just few steps even with only neighboring nodes nodes network. increasing the number neighbors accelerates convergence. note that when exactly half the nodes are one state while the other half the other state, the converged state could either one. iteration fraction correct nodes fraction correct nodes iteration fig. fraction correct nodes (state under the attack malicious nodes (state that does not update their states. there transition between whether the system will collapse the wrong state when the initial fraction malicious nodes changes. way get more rewards providing more transmission power. the competition between nodes the network will eventually drive the system towards the direction low latency, high bandwidth data transmission network. por used for both token mining and transaction verification. the one hand, token will rewarded nodes for data transmission; the other hand, the expected reward for transaction verification may also depend por, either through election difficulty adjustment. for detailed algorithms and economic model, please refer our separate technical yellow paper and paper economic model []. potential attacks since nkn designed with attack prevention mind, necessary review related attack types. attack analysis and mitigation will one the important aspects nkn development and future work, and will included the technical yellow paper []. double spending attack: double spending attack refers the case where the same token spent more than once. classic blockchain systems, nodes prevent double-spending attack consensus confirm the transaction sequence. sybil attacks: sybil attack refers the case where malicious node pretends multiple users. malicious miners can pretend deliver more copies and get paid. physical forwarding done creating multiple sybil identities, but only transmitting data once. denial-of-service (dos) attacks: off-line resource centric attack known denial service attack (dos). for example, attacker may want target specific account and prevent the account holder from posting transactions. quality-of-service (qos) attacks: some attackers want slow down the system performance, potentially reducing the amount network connectivity and data transfer speed. eclipse attack: attacker controls the communication network and manipulates node's neighbors that only communicates with malicious nodes. the vulnerability the network eclipse attack depends the peer sampling algorithm, and can reduced carefully choosing neighbors. selfish mining attacks: selfish mining strategy, the selfish miners maintain two blockchains, one public and one private. initially, the private blockchain the same the public blockchain. the attacker always mine the private chain, unless the length the private chain being caught the public chain, which case the attacker publishes the private chain get rewards. the attack essentially lower the threshold attack may more efficient for other miners mine the private chain than the public chain. yet, economic attack, selfish mining attack needs announced advance attract miners. fraud attacks: malicious miners can claim large amounts data transmitted but efficiently generate data on-demand using applets. the applet smaller than the actual amount relay data, increases the likelihood malicious miners getting block bonus. conclusions this whitepaper presents clear and cohesive path towards the construction nkn system. consider this work starting point for future research decentralized network connectivity and data transmission. future work include, but not limited to, cellularautomata-driven routing, cellular-automata-based consensus, proof relay etc. nkn has several advantages compared current platforms. first, nkn ideal networking platform for developing decentralized applications. dapp developers can completely focused the creative ideas and innovations that make their products successful for end users, well business logic. they longer need worry about details network infrastructure. second, nkn incentive model encourages more people join the network share and enhance network connectivity and data transmission, changing the entire network structure and creating huge market. nkn targeting the trillion-dollar telecommunications business, and aim provide better connectivity everyone incentivize the sharing unused networking resources, expanding and revolutionize the sharing network. compare current systems, nkn blockchain platform more suitable for peer-to-peer data transmission and connectivity. the meantime, this self-incentivized model encourages more nodes join the network, build flat network structure, implement multi-path routing, and create new generation network transmission structure. from the perspectives computing infrastructure innovation, nkn will revolutionize the blockchain ecosystem blockchainizing the third and probably the last pillar internet infrastructure, after bitcoin and ethereum blockchainized computing power well ipfs and filecoin blockchainized storage. complementing the other two pillars the blockchain revolution, nkn will the next generation decentralized network that self-evolving, self-incentivized, and highly scalable. nkn strategic exploration and innovation the general network layer infrastructure delivering the next generation network other fields. highly reliable, secure and decentralized internet essential that every individual and every industry can achieve their full potential the digital world. nkn will offer tremendous potential for achieving fully decentralized peer-to-peer system make the internet more efficient, sustainable and secure. the current network has huge inefficiencies for providing universal connectivity and access for all information and applications. it's time rebuild the network really need instead constantly patching the networks already own. let's start building the future internet, today. stephen wolfram. statistical mechanics cellular automata. reviews modern physics, ():, stephen wolfram. new kind science, volume wolfram media champaign, satoshi nakamoto. bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system. vitalik buterin al. next-generation smart contract and decentralized application platform. white paper, juan benet. ipfs-content addressed, versioned, file system. arxiv preprint arxiv:., protocol labs. filecoin: decentralized storage network, federal communications commission. restoring internet freedom, nkn. nkn economic model and roadmap. nkn.org, neo. neo white paper: distributed network for the smart economy, xin-she yang and young yang. cellular automata networks. proceedings unconventional computing, pages carsten marr, mark muller-linow, and marc-thorsten hutt. regularizing capacity metabolic networks. physical review ():, fan chung and linyuan lu. the diameter sparse random graphs. advances applied mathematics, ():-, ali mohammad saghiri and mohammad reza meybodi. closed asynchronous dynamic model cellular learning automata and its application peer-to-peer networks. genetic programming and evolvable machines, ():-, david vorick and luke champine. sia: simple decentralized storage, shawn wilkinson, tome boshevski, josh brandoff, and vitalik buterin. storj peer-to-peer cloud storage network. john von neumann. the general and logical theory automata. cerebral mechanisms behavior, ():-, john von neumann, arthur burks, al. theory self-reproducing automata. ieee transactions neural networks, ():-, david smith, jukka-pekka onnela, chiu fan lee, mark fricker, and neil johnson. network automata: coupling structure and function dynamic networks. advances complex systems, ():-, chopard and droz. cellular automata. springer, matthew cook. universality elementary cellular automata. complex systems, ():-, john conway. the game life. scientific american, ():, albert-laszlo barabasi and reka albert. emergence scaling random networks. science, ():-, arati baliga. understanding blockchain consensus models. technical report, tech. rep., persistent systems ltd, tech. rep, leslie lamport, robert shostak, and marshall pease. the byzantine generals problem. acm transactions programming languages and systems (toplas), ():-, miguel castro and barbara liskov. practical byzantine fault tolerance and proactive recovery. acm transactions computer systems (tocs), ():-, pavel vasin. blackcoins proof-of-stake protocol url: https://blackcoin. co/blackcoin-pos-protocolv-whitepaper. pdf, sunny king and scott nadal. ppcoin: peer-to-peer crypto-currency with proof-of-stake. self-published paper, august, bitshares. delegated proof-of-stake consensus, ernst ising. beitrag zur theorie des ferromagnetismus. zeitschrift fur physik, ():-, mark mccann and nicholas pippenger. fault tolerance cellular automata high fault rates. journal computer and system sciences, ():-, ludek zaloudek and lukas sekanina. increasing faulttolerance cellular automata-based systems. international conference unconventional computation, pages springer, ilir capuni and peter gacs. turing machine resisting isolated bursts faults. international conference current trends theory and practice computer science, pages springer, lars onsager. crystal statistics. two-dimensional model with order-disorder transition. physical review, (-):, nkn. nkn yellow paper. nkn.org, benoit mandelbrot. the fractal geometry nature, volume freeman new york, michael abd-el-malek, gregory ganger, garth goodson, michael reiter, and jay wylie. faultscalable byzantine fault-tolerant services. acm sigops operating systems review, ():-, kevin driscoll, brendan hall, michael paulitsch, phil zumsteg, and hakan sivencrona. the real byzantine generals. digital avionics systems conference, dasc the rd, volume pages -d. ieee, cynthia dwork and moni naor. pricing via processing combatting junk mail. annual international cryptology conference, pages springer, adam back. partial hash collision based postage scheme (). url http://www. hashcash. org/papers/announce. txt, vitalik buterin. what proof stake and why matters. bitcoin magazine, august, rodney baxter. exactly solved models statistical mechanics. elsevier, catarina cosme, viana parente lopes, and joao penedones. conformal symmetry the critical ising model inside sphere. journal high energy physics, ():, bertrand delamotte, matthieu tissier, and nicolas wschebor. scale invariance implies conformal invariance for the three-dimensional ising model. physical review ():, sheer el-showk, miguel paulos, david poland, slava rychkov, david simmons-duffin, and alessandro vichi. solving the ising model with the conformal bootstrap. physical review ():, leemon baird. the swirlds hashgraph consensus algorithm: fair, fast, byzantine fault tolerance. technical report, swirlds tech report swirlds-tr--, available online, http://www. swirlds. com/developerresources/whitepapers, arnab mitra, anirban kundu, matangini chattopadhyay, and samiran chattopadhyay. novel design with cellular automata for system-under-test distributed computing. journal convergence information technology, ():, steven janke and matthew whitehead. practical fault tolerant cellular automata. yoshihiko kayama. complex networks derived from cellular automata. arxiv preprint arxiv:.,