crypto transparent, unbiased crowdsourced crypto ratings reviews this material has been prepared crypto, llc (the "company"). this document for information and illustrative purposes only and does not purport show actual results. not, and should not regarded as, investment advice recommendation regarding any particular security course action. opinions expressed herein are current opinions the date appearing this material only and are subject change without notice. reasonable people may disagree about the opinions expressed herein. any the assumptions used herein not prove correct, company results are likely vary substantially. there guarantee that the company will achieve the desired results under market conditions. representation being made that the company will likely achieve profits, losses, results similar those discussed, any. part this document may reproduced any manner, whole part, without the prior written permission the company and may not shared with distributed any other parties other than employees professional advisors authorized recipients this document. this information provided with the understanding that, with respect the material provided herein, you will make your own independent decision with respect any course action connection herewith and whether such course action appropriate proper based your own judgment, and that you are capable understanding and assessing the merits course action. the company does not purport and does not, any fashion, provide tax, accounting, actuarial, recordkeeping, legal, advisory any related services. you may not rely the statements contained herein. the company shall not have any liability for any damages any kind whatsoever relating this material. caution concerning forward looking statements: this document contains "forward-looking statements. these statements can identified the fact that they not relate strictly historical current facts. forward-looking statements often include words such "anticipates," "estimates," "expects," "projects," "intends," "plans," "believes" and words and terms similar substance connection with discussions future operating financial performance. the company's forward-looking statements are based management's current expectations and assumptions regarding the company's business and performance, the economy and other future conditions and forecasts future events, circumstances and results. with any projection forecast, forward-looking statements are inherently susceptible uncertainty and changes circumstances. the company's actual results may vary materially from those expressed implied its forward-looking statements. any forward-looking statement made the company speaks only the date which made, which the date this document. the company under obligation to, and expressly disclaims any obligation to, update alter its forward-looking statements, whether result new information, subsequent events otherwise. accepting this material, you acknowledge, understand and accept the foregoing. nothing this white paper shall deemed constitute prospectus any sort solicitation for investment, nor does any way pertain offering solicitation offer buy any securities any jurisdiction. this document not composed accordance with, and not subject to, laws regulations any jurisdiction, which are designed protect investors. $nobs token utility token. this product digital currency and has not been registered under the securities act, the securities laws any state the united states, the securities laws any other country, including the securities laws any jurisdiction which potential token holder resident. $nobs tokens cannot used for any purposes other than those provided the white paper, including but not limited to, any investment, speculative other financial purposes. $nobs token confers other rights any form, including but not limited any ownership, distribution (including but not limited profit), redemption, liquidation, and proprietary (including all forms intellectual property), other financial legal rights, other than those specifically described the white paper. this not securities offering. there opportunity for investment. there expectation profits. nothing within this document shall construed offer securities. the $nobs token designed purely provide utility within the crypto system. table contents table contents abstract about crypto about the crypto token introduction the problem the solution step step step step step step step categories revenue model the utility token metrics the team chris koerner owner/founder john mcafee advisor justin waite full stack developer matthew waite software developer kirk salisbury digital marketing and community manager anonymous statistical financial modeling the future sources abstract transparent rating and review any crypto-related project, such term defined hereinafter, group unbiased crypto enthusiasts without possibility pay-to-play manipulation conflicts interest. about crypto crypto originally the brainchild serial entrepreneur, chris koerner. when chris first got involved the crypto community was astonished the amount fraud, manipulation, scams, pump and dumps, and overall illegitimacy what saw the world's next major asset class. found entirely disheartening, and set out fix the problem. after tiring seeing the manipulation and exploitation new crypto entrants, launched the crypto brand, help provide trustworthy and unbiased content fellow crypto enthusiasts. the fall chris discovered inefficiency the crypto altcoin market. with the help friend, they subsequently created algorithmic trading strategy that, since inception, has proven beat the market outpacing bitcoin's growth the volatile bull and bear markets that crypto has seen recently. this trading strategy has propelled the crypto community from over crypto enthusiasts matter months and has since taken life its own. this strategy has become even more accurate and simplified based feedback received from users. this strategy has been completely free for public use since inception, and has enabled thousands crypto investors grow their crypto wealth even the most uncertain times. chris has since recruited trusted crypto enthusiasts (such john mcafee) help grow the brand, launch the $nobs token and add significant value crypto whole. without these trusted team members, crypto would still unknown and irrelevant brand, despite the accuracy the aforementioned trading strategy. the strength crypto the community members who share chris and his team's vision, which facilitate crypto's growth become multi-trillion dollar asset class trusted both retail and institutional money across the globe. about the crypto token the crypto token ($nobs) airdropped token based the ethereum network according standard erc specifications. there never was nor ever will there ever any token sale ico any kind. the total supply ,,,, and the circulating supply around ,,,. are not aware any tokens that have ever been sold traded exchange for fiat money. there are around different wallet addresses holding $nobs, making one the most successful and viral airdrop campaigns all time, realized only through the contributions and efforts community members. the success the $nobs token testament the strength and engagement the crypto communities spread across different channels. $nobs utility token and intended added exchanges the summer was distributed two airdrop rounds and will continue distributed active and engaged community members. june airdrop distribution not yet completed, exact numbers are yet unknown. the purpose this whitepaper outline the utility this token well the business model the crypto whole. there are many ways that this token can distributed crypto enthusiasts, but this white paper will specifically outline how this token can better spent, circulated and some cases, burned. introduction secret that cryptocurrency has seen exponential growth over the last years. what happens during unprecedented asset growth this magnitude not without precedent. new asset classes are extremely rare, but they are almost always accompanied fraud and manipulation, both individual well institutional level. are the belief that crypto legitimization and widespread adoption needs help, and that crypto asset class that needs taken more seriously. consider the inception the stock market. after starting the united states quickly became plagued with fraud. from big bond investors obtaining inside information, former president the united states, ulysses grant, losing everything based his son's illegal insider trading activities, investors were often promised riches investing trading vessels, set sail off parts unknown, only never seen again. many investors lost significant amounts, yet the stock market grew and matured into respected asset class, trillions dollars have poured and legitimacy has long since been achieved. time has not healed all wounds, however. despite significant stock market regulation, fraud still prevalent and likely always will be. may five the largest banks the world--jpmorgan chase, citicorp, barclays, the royal bank scotland, and ubs--were fined billion settlement over charges market manipulation there are many these cases fraud and manipulation across the world. without organizations and individuals, both public and private, stepping good faith help provide checks and balances investing activities, the stock market may otherwise still relegated back alley investing. ratings services such moody's have helped grant the stock market legitimacy, yet are rife with conflicts interest accusations well. what are seeing today cryptocurrency not unlike what saw with the inception the stock market late and early centuries. where there money, there fraud. this will never entirely eliminated, but systems can put place help prevent and minimize such actions. the problem with cryptocurrency being such new and nascent market, there are few sources unbiased reviews for crypto-related projects. for every person offering legitimate and honest value and assistance crypto, there are ten others trying exploit the innocent out their money. most recently, currencies like bitconnect centratech and pincoin all suggested well-known influencers, professional athletes and even top exchanges have stolen millions dollars from investors. clearly there void that needs filled. popular and well-meaning ico rating sites began place for ico projects rated community experts, but this model quickly became problematic. when ico aiming raise tens millions dollars, and rating site such icobench carries significant weight and legitimacy, the opportunity for corruption high. experts are often publicly listed the rating site for the world see. many these experts have reported being frequently inundated with offers thousands dollars exchange for favorable review. granted, experts are often required agree not accept bribes exchange for good reviews, but there way tracking this preventing from happening. thus, the reliability these reviews truly unbiased significantly flawed. despite the best and honorable efforts such sites, the business crypto reviews often pay-to-play system, and these sites are only small part the problem. youtube and twitter influencers have been caught numerous occasions accepting money exchange for tweets videos promoting certain crypto products. for many crypto veterans, this has become increasingly obvious and ignored problem. it's merely seen byproduct this new asset class. however most crypto enthusiasts are not veterans, but rather first got into crypto within the last months. this causing money foolishly invested, lost, stolen based bad information from sources that are supposed trusted. the news such occurrences prevents new money from entering the market, and stifles overall market growth and adoption. there small handful true experts and influencers that are part the solution. these people refuse accept money for tweets videos, and only promote projects that they disclose they are officially and publicly advising. some cases, they will disclose that they were paid promote project they are not advising, which common and acceptable influencer marketing practice. the problem that the efforts select few trustworthy crypto efforts are not scalable and are not under the umbrella actual business model. other words, their goodness and valiance are dwarfed the vast majority bad actors the space. crypto aims the scalable trusted solution for this problem. the solution crypto's model will centered around fixing the aforementioned issues and bringing trustworthy and transparent reviews crypto projects for new crypto entrants and existing enthusiasts alike. this will done using the strength and expertise the crypto community and their respective skills. the crypto community between and people from different countries and speaking almost every common language interacting with one another across different channels (facebook, twitter, discord and telegram). community members will tasked with performing extensive due diligence certain crypto projects, being compensated fairly for their efforts. not every community member will required expected participate. those who choose participate will undergo extensive and comprehensive internal know your customer (kyc) procedures ensure the trustworthiness each and every rating and review. kyc procedures will outsourced trusted and vetted third-party kyc provider. after successfully completing kyc, each reviewer will categorized internally never publicly based their skill set. few examples reviewer categories will follows: developers who can review source code applications and smart contracts via github. white paper analysts those who research the legitimacy team members and advisors those who spend time communities evaluate engagement and hype marketers data analysts data compilers for simplicity's sake, the entire process outlined the following steps: step crypto related projects approach crypto rated and reviewed team vetted and trusted, yet publicly anonymous reviewers. these reviews are sourced from the crypto community members mentioned the prior paragraph. the crypto project may anything from small, local facebook group for crypto enthusiasts, ico raising and everything in-between. different crypto categories are outlined elsewhere this paper. step the project put forth the internal community, anonymized manner, bid with nobs tokens. for instance: ico "x" raising reviewer earnings potential: cost bid project: $nobs the above example, ico "x" represents the anonymized crypto project that has paid reviewed, this case ico. the identity the ico question revealed after bidding has ended. "raising $m," would course the amount money the anonymized ico attempting raise. non-ico crypto projects, this would not category. "reviewer earnings potential" refers the amount that vetted crypto reviewer could expect make, payable eth, for working the project. "cost bid the project" refers the amount $nobs tokens required work this specific project and earn that specific amount money. using $nobs bid projects ensures that reviewers are active crypto enthusiasts. the ratio earnings potential from the project will exceed the value the $nobs tokens traded exchange fairly compensate the reviewer. for example, the value exchange the $nobs tokens required bid the project were eth, the earnings potential would set above that amount (e.g., .-. eth) and thus the reviewer compensated for their work well beyond the value the $nobs tokens they bid the review. there will more details this step the project will initially anonymized help prevent manipulation parties with potential conflicts interest. this will help prevent "ico 'x'" team members from attempting become crypto reviewer for the sole purpose working the project just provide favorable rating review. the ico project will only know window time when their project will put forth the community rated and reviewed, and they will pulled from pool other projects the same category. internal kyc procedures will help ensure that there are team members bidding the project. step alluded step above, reviewers will have spend $nobs tokens bid the project. these tokens will subsequently burned reduce supply. these tokens can originate from three different sources: purchased from exchange received previous airdrop earned from participation any the crypto communities initially, the price that crypto projects pay reviewed will lower optimize our systems and process and learn which reviewers from the community are the best the best. time goes on, our system becomes refined, and our ratings take higher levels legitimacy, prices charged crypto projects will increased better match the level value offered. step once bidding completed, and the team reviewers place, reviewers will get work their respective duties with set deadline. the reviewers each project will blind each other help prevent the possibility collusion. there will also multiple reviewers for each assigned task. for example, the breakdown may follows: whitepaper analysis: reviewers tokenomics analysis: reviewers github analysis: reviewers smart contract analysis: reviewers founders and advisory team research: reviewers final report assembling: reviewers the purpose having multiple reviewers each segment the review two-fold: more eyeballs more accuracy. one once said "many eyeballs make bugs shallow." with several people assigned each task, there will more data pull from, thus enhancing the depth, breadth and legitimacy the rating. help prevent collusion and manipulation. only one reviewer analyzing the white paper, for example, the temptation might strong for that person reach out the team and ask for bribe exchange for favorable review analysis. that person knows that several other people will reviewing the same white paper, and the identities these people are unknown, the temptation will much less and the possibility for collusion almost entirely eliminated. one does attempt manipulation fraud, then these results will likely stand out outliers further looked into. suspected conflicts interest manipulation discovered, involved persons will permanently banned from the community. learn from mistakes and weed out bad actors, the reviews will become more and more trustworthy, thorough and legitimate. step once all reviewers have finished their respective assignments, their findings are sent reviewer charge data compilation and assembly into clean and standardized report pdf format, with final numeral grade given each project. different categories crypto projects are each graded their own specific set criteria with different weights given specific factors. reviewers are then paid based their expected amount going into the project. higher skill sets will compensated more generously than low skill sets. reviewers will collectively earn the fee charged crypto the crypto project. will retained crypto for overhead. more details payout are discussed the "revenue model" section. step this rating and report will posted nobscrypto.com, within its respective category for the world see. the rating will front and center, regardless whether the project received good bad rating. this will help weed out poor projects outright scams, and will help legitimate projects better stand out. step more details this step are outlined the sectioned entitled "revenue model." short, the reviewed crypto project will now have the option pay monthly subscription stay the site, pay extra promoted. categories this white paper, the phrase "crypto project" repeatedly used. crypto project refers any project that fits into any the below categories, with more added later date: initial coin offerings airdrops exchanges existing altcoins twitter influencers youtube influencers podcasts conferences live-streaming traders telegram groups supergroups telegram channels facebook mastermind groups discord groups local meetup groups research reports paid groups traders experts websites apps spreadsheets trading strategies funds facebook pages blogs algorithms revenue model the crypto team operates with the belief that companies exist for two primary reasons: offer value the world various ways, including charitable causes generate profit for stakeholders unfortunately, many icos and crypto-related companies are not concerned with either the above points. they are primarily focused on: raising much money possible selling token maintaining and growing the price that token many instances, there real utility attempt offering value the world. there often not even effort create real business generate profit. the primary objective raise and keep much money possible. and this the better scenarios. worst-case scenarios, ico projects are outright scams eventually become such when follow-up occurs, after tens millions dollars are raised, then the company "fails," and everyone loses but the founders. sounds crazy proudly proclaim statement that basic and standard the traditional world business, but believe that need generate profit order accomplish the greatest amount value the world. will not apologize for desiring generate profit, but also plan transparent, sustainable way. both our objectives work tandem with each other. the profit does not need the expense societal value, and does not need tied the price the $nobs token itself. the purpose the token platform for reviewers with which bid projects. the following revenue model subject change, but presently stands follows: the fee that crypto projects pay reviewed will shared with the crypto reviewers and will kept crypto. this fee may range from $,, based the size, scope, category, and stage which crypto with being seen trusted, legitimate source for ratings. simple, project may only take reviewers small amount time. whereas project may take over reviewers several hours each. reiterate, this fee will retained crypto llc, whereas will shared with the reviewers from the community. projects that would like stay listed the site for extended period time will pay nominal monthly subscription cost. the percentage this cost shared with the community not yet known. projects with poor rating will obviously not want pay this fee, but will subjected staying site defined amount time that their illegitimacy may become known the overall crypto community. once delisted from the general ranks, they will permanently relegated section the site dedicated crypto projects with low ratings, unless significant changes are made the project that warrant second look, for additional fee. projects that receive favorable review will have opportunities pay extra featured the site promoted via podcast, youtube similar social channels. much smaller percentage this revenue will shared with the community, not incentivize reviewers give everything positive review more money can earned from promotional revenues well. this exact percentage tbd, but such sponsorship packages will completely transparent the public. future revenue-generating activities are tbd and will shared when completed. the utility giving away erc token very easy do, and the reasons for doing are numerous. community members, whether vetted reviewers not, will rewarded tokens (amounts tbd) for commenting, posting and creating content within and for the crypto communities. the specific details this will released later date. the more difficult aspect erc utility token finding ways for the token actually spent. right now, the primary method for spending the tokens will bid crypto projects work on. the economics this model will constantly state flux, the market value these tokens are presently unknown and are expected change regularly. but the economics will always make sense for the reviewer doing the bidding. for instance, project pays the reviewer, then there will protections place help ensure that the number $nobs tokens required bid cost significantly less than case the bidding reviewer needs purchase them the exchange. however, protections cannot granted for extreme and unpredictable swings the price the token. the future there will also opportunities for crypto projects pay $nobs, further ensuring that these tokens are being put good use, and not exist merely traded speculated with. the token price will not tied the financial performance crypto, the company, but rather what the market dictates and the extent they are utilized. risks with any crypto-related project new business general, the risks are high and should not understated. below non-exhaustive list some the many risks accompanied this project particular: first and foremost, there high risk token price volatility and value-loss. there very real possibility that purchasing $nobs tokens exchange will result the purchaser losing his her money. none the team members crypto are certified financial advisors and nothing contained within this whitepaper, anywhere within the crypto communities constitutes investment advice. the business model outlined this white paper not without fault. there and always will some level risk manipulation. almost nothing life perfect, unbreakable, unhackable unable exploited some way. there always small chance that review rating tainted conflict interest bad actor. safeguards will added and modified learn, but will never perfect. there may members the crypto communities attempting scam others. the team will hyper-vigilant about this, but things can always happen encrypted chats that are outside our control. any person joining any crypto community risk being manipulated scammed some way. token metrics the crypto token has total supply ,,,. this supply reserved for the founding team and advisors. reserved for company operations and future partnership opportunities. the remaining reserved exclusively for the community. the community receives tokens either participating our airdrop rounds, engaging any our social media communities buying them the exchange. uncirculated tokens may burned the future deemed necessary. the token metrics were originally different from what shown today. the use case, needs and business model this token and company have developed since the idea's first origination, the tokenomics have changed reflect such needs. the team chris koerner owner/founder chris lifelong serial entrepreneur, living the dallas, area. chris graduated with cum laude honors from the university alabama with degree business management and entrepreneurship. while college chris started several companies, one which being small regional chain wireless repair shops called phone restore. after selling phone restore competitor, chris founded his next company, lcdcycle, lcdcycle ecommerce site offering wholesale parts and recycling solutions wireless repair shops around the country. within years lcdcycle was doing annual sales and was profitable from the first year. after first investing bitcoin chris could not stop learning about new and exciting blockchain applications. chris ceased working within lcdcycle full-time and launched crypto. chris has been actively managing crypto fund, advising icos and working all things crypto since then. chris also months away from finishing his executive mba from tcu, one the world's top-ranked emba programs. john mcafee advisor john the founder mcafee associates, former presidential candidate and world-renowned crypto expert. john's influence the crypto community surpassed few, any. justin waite full stack developer justin software engineer currently living north seattle, wa. while growing alabama, got his start developing software just years old, building video game bots, websites, and many other personal projects. justin graduated with bachelor's degree software engineering and has dedicated his professional career "startup developer," working help small businesses experience growth through modern software practices. justin began investing crypto and has been intrigued with the immense potential that crypto has revolutionize the way software created and executed. began working with chris and crypto late matthew waite software developer matthew waite lives rexburg, idaho with his wife and two children. has been working with chris koerner for many years ensuring success his entrepreneurial ventures. matthew has been crypto enthusiast since skilled day trading and research, has contributed many his business expertise crypto. after being enthralled with the world blockchain technology, matthew changed careers and has been vigorously studying software engineering byu university idaho. his mission use his skills and knowledge from his college major and apply the world blockchain technology. kirk salisbury digital marketing and community manager kirk salisbury ethics-driven entrepreneur and marketer who wants make the internet better place. his first job real estate firm quickly found how exploit seo weaknesses google which rapidly grew the real estate firm which worked. however, after realizing that seo practices which were for quick gain weren't the overall human interest. left the real estate world and co-founded online retail operation where truthful, quality content for those consuming was more important than any other element the website. today that mantra has served the business very well the reputation the brand catapulted the company into first place its industry. anonymous statistical financial modeling one our most critical team members charge the development our algorithmic altcoin investment models. has phd and teaches well-known university, but would not like revealed this time. the future the initial utility the nobs token has been outlined above, but more plans are the works. the pool crypto enthusiasts and community members, categorized skill, that have opted-in the prospect helping launch this ambitious project comprised almost there will future additions and revisions this whitepaper that outline additional uses for the token that will ensure that those people have even more opportunities benefit financially from their efforts legitimizing this new asset class. conclusion please email directly chris@nobscrypto.com with any mistakes you may find any questions you may have. you would like help with infographics that may able add this whitepaper, that would amazing well. this time, nothing have done has been monetized all the work has been done people who believe the long-term success this project. those that contribute and add value these early stages stand reap rewards our model and systems improve and scale. sincerely thank everyone reading this for your continued belief and support what are trying accomplish. truly believe that the plan outlined above will have lasting and meaningful effect thousands new and existing crypto investors and enthusiasts alike. sources examples how insanely corrupt the u.s. financial system has become." business insider, business insider, apr. www.businessinsider.com/-examples-of-recent-corruption-on-wall-street--. mix. "how bitconnect pulled the biggest exit scheme cryptocurrency." the next web, jan. thenextweb.com/hardfork////bitconnect-bitcoin-scam-cryptocurrency/. zuckerman, molly jane. "third co-founder centra tech charged with mln securities fraud." cointelegraph cointelegraph, june cointelegraph.com/news/third-co-founder-of-centra-tech-charged-with--mln-securities-fraud. biggs, john. "exit scammers run off with million ico earnings." techcrunch techcrunch, apr. techcrunch.com////exit-scammers-run-off-with--million-in-ico-earnings/. number major crypto influencers are accused market manipulation." ccn apr. www.ccn.com/a-number-of-major-crypto-influencers-are-accused-of-market-manipulation/.