table content introduction what the noah foundation? philosophy noah foundation what blockchain technology? background platform for blockchain technology platform overview broad market concept opportunities the japan-philippines market noah's platform play complete ecosystem for cryptocurrencies and blockchain apps for japanese filipino trade and commerce regulatory environment circular japanese government ruling cryptocurrencies what ico/token crowdsale? overview bitcoin, ether, erc, etc. why use tokens? what the purpose the tokens? product overview noah platform services ark wallet ark remit projects token ecosystem token details timeline/ roadmap tokenbase and fund allotment noah tokenomics general summary token basic functions internal payment token token usable function founding team and advisory board conclusion legal provisions introduction white paper with the advent cryptocurrencies such bitcoin, new opportunities for business and disruptive financial applications have entered the market. alternative payment method, has gained popularity among contributors, entrepreneurs, and consumers over the last few years. such popularity would not possible without blockchain technology, ground-breaking technology that powers all cryptocurrencies. cryptocurrencies and the blockchain not simply technological trend, but rather shift towards better future, one which managing one's finances becoming easier, faster, cheaper and safer. the cryptocurrency industry has given birth entirely new market which has the potential disrupt existing market strategies and conventional business practices. one the challenges facing this new technology today the lack specific platforms that will allow user participate this industry with minimal effort and specific purpose. creating the noah foundation, users who wish participate unique and robust projects between japan and the philippines will now able use platform that makes this accessible and simple use. market overview the philippine market situation million population, with median age years old. over million filipinos working overseas contract and expats, sending home billion annually. fastest growing smartphone penetration asean, expected reach above million internet users and growing white paper challenges underdeveloped payments infrastructure only credit card penetration more than unbanked cost send money the philippines between inefficient online banking system the philippines republic nation located southeast asia with population million (the largest the world with nominal gdp billion (th the world has grown rapidly both population and gdp, expanding more than years from billion dollars expected that this world-class growth will continue sustain population million with gdp trillion dollars according survey distinguished research organizations. the philippines was the fastest growing economy the world. about its gdp comes from remittances from overseas filipino workers, ofws, who are migrant leaving the country work abroad and support their family the philippines. the noah project will focus the philippines which has growing economy, fast growing middle class with purchasing power, and young population that ready embrace new technologies. also has one the biggest online populations, with over million facebook users alone, and even more internet users. smartphones can found out people, and mobile phone penetration beyond white paper the noah foundation the noah project, started cryptocurrency platform focused primarily enhancing the japan-philippines trade and market. using blockchain-powered applications for remittance, and payments, well partnerships with major philippine real estate projects and more, aims bridge the gap between japanese and filipino citizens, travelers and businesses. noah foundation will launch noahcoin (noah), which its own cryptocurrency used its ecosystem members and users. the mission the noah project consolidate and allow cryptocurrency users (customers, merchants, and traders) on-board around very specific and intuitive platform that can seamlessly integrate all the existing features under the same structure. this platform comprises remittance, mobile money, discounts, and trading services that give its users unique and viable alternative traditional methods. the customers the noah project are users and supporters the platform who have interest japanese-filipino market opportunities, people who are already using cryptocurrencies but are looking for avenues diversify and contribute worthwhile endeavors between the two nations. the noah platform optimized provide the best services help its users embrace the best experience utilizing cryptocurrency its specific projects. noahcoins will distributed used digital tokens any the multiple projects the noah project. this first its kind the market. white paper bitcoin and cryptocurrency bitcoin cryptocurrency and digital payment system invented anonymous programmer, group programmers, under the name satoshi nakamoto. was released open-source software the system peer-to-peer, and transactions take place between users directly, without intermediary. these transactions are verified network nodes and recorded public distributed ledger called blockchain. since the system works without central repository single administrator, bitcoin called the first decentralized digital currency. besides being created reward for mining, bitcoin can exchanged for other currencies, products, and services globally. thanks bitcoin, banks, corporations, and governments started recognising the technological value cryptocurrencies: the decentralized peer-to-peer public ledgers, the blockchain, the new ways approach security and anonymity, which have spread great variety fields. the design model cryptocurrencies has made traditional financial institutions seem obsolete bringing new capabilities individuals and organizations adopting them. the greatest innovation bitcoin its decentralized nature. there person entity control the bitcoin. instead, the system run network computers, and data stored the blockchain distributed among them. such distribution helps resolve data storage and security issues: everyone has access the data, but one owns it, nor can change without everyone else knowing it. some the immediate benefits this technology today the facilitation value transfers without the third parties, transfer money more secure completely anonymous way which protects users' personal data, access banking and the global financial system with any device connected the internet, avoidance substantial transaction fees, such those charged credit card companies and centralized payment processors and many more. white paper blockchain technology the blockchain public ledger that records cryptocurrency transactions. novel solution accomplishes this without any trusted central authority: maintenance the blockchain performed network communicating nodes running software. transactions the form payer sends cryptocurrency payee are broadcast this network using readily available software applications. network nodes can validate transactions, add them their copy the ledger, and then broadcast these ledger additions other nodes. the blockchain distributed database achieve independent verification the chain ownership any and every bitcoin amount, each network node stores its own copy the blockchain. one the fastest growing technology platforms history, outpacing the growth the world wide web the ethereum blockchain ethereum open-source, public, blockchain-based distributed computing platform featuring smart contract (scripting) functionality, which facilitates online contractual agreements. provides decentralized turing-complete virtual machine, the ethereum virtual machine (evm), which can execute scripts using international network public nodes. ethereum also provides cryptocurrency token called "ether", which can transferred between accounts and used compensate participant nodes for computations performed. white paper regulatory environment bitcoin and cryptocurrency japan japan, bitcoin was recognized legal payment method nationwide. the japanese financial services agency (fsa) announced the enforcement this bill april st, the amendments include ordinance concerning digital currencies well digital currency exchanges. according bitflyer, the largest japanese bitcoin exchange, "section this bill now includes wording virtual currency [vc] and being tentatively called the 'virtual currency act'." defines digital currencies including bitcoin for the first time and recognizes them method payment. "the new law defines bitcoin and other virtual currency form payment method, not legally-recognized currency. bitcoin will continue treated asset unless there are future revisions directives japanese tax law." according global law firm dla piper, the amended payment services act, which part the banking act, defines digital currency "property value," that usable for payment unspecified persons, and purchasable from and sellable unspecified persons. the bill has far-reaching repercussions for the digital currency world well the way that cryptocurrencies can traded and exchanged. the banking act was modified after long process debate and dialog between regulators and proponents digital currency.. after months discussion, the bill has come into effect the beginning april white paper bitcoin and cryptocurrency the philippines the first quarter the philippine central bank, bangko sentral pilipinas, published bsp circular no. which effect regulates and legitimizes virtual currency exchanges the country. the circular, they said: "the bangko sentral recognizes that virtual currency (vc) systems have the potential revolutionize delivery financial services, particularly for payments and remittance, view their ability provide faster and more economical transfer funds, both domestic and international, and may further support financial inclusion, read the circular signed bsp deputy governor and officer-in-charge nestor espenilla, jr. white paper platform overview white paper there are many kinds cryptocurrencies today. bitcoin the most popular, along with ether and xrp. these platforms are very good their specific specializations, with each one filling niche and finding its own market the global financial services industry. although most these coins tokens are their early stages, the future blockchain technology looks very bright, and soon, mainstream adoption will come the form practical and easy-to-use platforms based cryptocurrencies and blockchains. the noahcoin will introduced japan initial coin offering, and will used digital utility token for number projects the philippines: mixed-use resort mindanao that will include, and other features, assisted-living facility; residential real estate metro manila; and organic agriculture program for farmers mindanao. the noah platform aims use major cryptocurrencies, along with its own token called noahcoin, way for its users use cryptocurrencies and allow members participate exclusive projects the philippines spearheaded the noah foundation. early the noah project successfully completed its first token pre-sale stage from japanese contributors, offering discounted sale price preferred early token buyers. shortly after, completed its second stage token pre-sale with the announcement the noah city project the philippines. these two stages, raised total us$ million. the next stages the project will now start with the improvement the cryptocurrency platform and ecosystem, well more exciting projects and opportunities for its members and users. white paper the noah ecosystem following the success the first two stages the project, noah has begun development its cryptocurrency platforms for cross-border remittances, business payments, and its own cryptocurrency wallet for its users and customer base. this development will allow all users use its own cryptocurrency platform designed with the project mind. users will able store, transfer, and trade cryptocurrencies and noahcoin tokens within the noah ecosystem well all its upcoming development projects. white paper ark wallet the philippines, digital commerce and electronic money transfers are decades behind that japan. only have credit cards, and therefore shops and stores charge more use them, making merchants unable take advantage its convenience due the high costs. using blockchain technology, the ark wallet will allow users send and receive cryptocurrencies and other fiat currencies easily. the ark wallet cryptocurrency application made available for free ios, android, and web platforms. the wallet will allow users send and receive cryptocurrencies like bitcoin, ether, and ripple, well its own cryptocurrency called noahcoin. the wallet will also allow users make payments the noah ecosystem. release white paper ark remit the average cost send the philippines from japan this very unfortunate circumstance due the large costs traditional money transfer methods available today. with ark remit, this cost can cut down -%. the ark remittance platform will allow users send money the philippines from japan using web-based application. users will able use cryptocurrencies and the token the platform remit the philippines faster, cheaper, and easier than traditional methods money transfer. release white paper projects white paper japanese companies and individuals are eyeing prospective opportunities the philippines, the back the country's strengthening economy. the country's economic growth tremendous and remarkable, compared many other asian countries. this why the noah project chose philippine ventures and opportunities offer its members and users. the noah project aims collaborate with philippine ventures, both the private sector and public sector, create strategic partnerships for meaningful and lucrative projects that will benefit both japan and the philippines alike. since the relationship japan and the philippines mutually beneficial and close, the project hopes achieve long term success the project they choose support. japan and the philippines are one the top trading partners the world. there are many opportunities between the two countries terms business, and even for humanitarian and social-good development. the noah project aims bring these opportunities straight its users and members establishing partnerships with worthwhile projects and allowing its members and users participate them freely using the platform. white paper noah city horizon manila horizon manila will the newest reclaimed land project the city manila. hectares, horizon manila will the largest central business district all the philippines. the noah project collaboration with jbros construction corporation construct noah city within horizon. noah city, the noahcoin can used token receive discounts from any part the city. white paper noah resort zamboanga del norte partnership with dakak beach resort, the noahcoin will able used currency all parts the resort. using the noahcoin, users will able access, three tennis courts, billiards bowling alley, world class golf course, horseback riding, atving, ziplining, rock climbing, wakeboarding, fully fitted airsoft facility, rappelling, cove hopping, scuba diving, snorkeling, kayaking, banana boat, jetski, river cruise and sunset cruise. every noahcoin user will given exclusive access this resort, with discounts given for purchases. white paper the noah coin having cryptocurrency for your company, service, application has proven the wave the future. more and more companies are using cryptocurrencies their business processes, with blockchain applications proving more efficient and secure than traditional methods value transfer, storage, and record keeping. using cryptocurrency technology called erc, the project will create its own token called noahcoin transact, trade and transfer its wide range projects. the cryptocurrency will allow for frictionless transfers, fast settlement, and special promotions for noah users. the noah tokens are issued order conduct payments inside the ecosystem core projects, the ecosystem committed offering lucrative prices noah lure customers pay tokens, subsequently creating demand for noah. some the internal noah services may paid only noah, confirming stable market necessity for tokens. while the first stage token seen instrument for low cost transfers value from japanese contributors philippines, further maturation project supposes larger utility functions token. the model assumes, that the networking effect, reached the increased circulation token inside the ecosystem, will lead increased use noah respect number users and transactions. that correlation was proved development history prior cryptocurrencies and other projects tokens. addition, low rates non-cash remittances the philippines financial system will serve addition advantage using token for deal settlements. noah tokens can exchanged noah services anyone any moment. in-depth review noah tokenomics precisely reported corresponding section white paper. white paper erc erc- defines common list rules for all ethereum tokens follow, meaning that this particular token empowers developers all types accurately predict how new tokens will function within the larger ethereum system. the impact that erc- therefore has developers massive, projects not need redone each time new token released. rather, they are designed compatible with new tokens, provided those tokens adhere the rules. developers new tokens have by-and-large observed the erc- rules, meaning that most the tokens released through ethereum initial coin offerings are erc- compliant. white paper the noah coin (noah) noah token technical details: total supply: decimals: name: symbol: erc ,,, noahcoin noah noahcoin cryptocurrency token issued the noah project using erc, which resides the ethereum blockchain. the token will only initially sold the japanese market. the purpose these tokens allow users able use these coins the noah project ecosystem for discounts, rebates, purchases, rentals, amenities, well using the ark wallet app and ark remit websites. they will also able trade these coins cryptocurrency exchanges they wish, allowing others buy them and use them they wish use any noah foundation project. white paper token base (token allocation plan) total supply tokens ,,, private sale tokens ,,, public sale ,,, shareholders and advisory board ,,, held noah foundation reserve ,,, total fund allotment funds raised shall distributed following the different noah foundation projects total fund allotment funds raised shall distributed following the different noah projects (in percentage) compliance and legal cash capital and operations tech improvements ark remit ark wallet token issuance and release date june total ,,, noahcoin issued white paper the noahcoin ecosystem white paper noah tokenomics general summary noah tokens for noah services. anytime. for everyone. the noah tokens are issued order conduct payments inside the ecosystem core projects, which are committed offer lucrative prices noah lure customers pay tokens, subsequently creating demand them. some the internal noah services may paid only noah, that provides stable market necessity for tokens. noah project supposes corralled increase utility functions token. the first stage token seen instrument for low cost transfers value from japanese contributors philippines the model assumes, that the networking effect, reached the increased circulation token inside the ecosystem, will lead simultaneous growth token utility with respect number users and transactions. that correlation was proved development history prior cryptocurrencies and other projects tokens low rates non-cash remittances the philippines financial system will serve addition advantage using token for deal settlements. white paper token basic function noah ecosystem has digital accounting unit noah token. total supply tokens mathematically constrained and embedded the source code payment method the noah's economics and its ecosystem internal token will used payment method the noah's economics and will used for payment for services tool customer loyalty system and cash-back program the use internal token allows customers participate the noah's bonus programs, well receive increased cashback for certain categories purchases shop-partners value transfer tool, which decrease transaction costs money transfer and open financial borders main attention concentrated providing easy access for japanese contributors philippine projects, which allows contributors transfer capital with the lowest transaction costs white paper the mechanics token work proposes that each economic agent can pay either with noah with another currency, including fiat, however, the model constructed the way make payments noah dominant. prices are calculated with the api use major cryptocurrencies exchange take notice the exchange rate noah. abroad's financial capital tokens tokens goods/cashback tokens tokens services services white paper tokens internal payment token while the projects inside the ecosystem are improving and preparing sell their services clients, strong necessity payment arises respect the poorly developed financial system philippines. the digital token, along with the ark wallet, available mobile devices, solves the problem payments simplification. although projects are obviously open for receiving any currencies for their services, the general strategy can described "soft nudging" members choose pay noah tokens showing them the serious benefits derived from it. conducting all calculations within the platform noah token overcomes many possible limitations imposed the turnover fiat funds different jurisdictions. payments other currencies are subject fee, that together are forming the commission fund, and vast majority them are holded stable support deflation model. each payer, who has conducted payment not noah tokens, credited with bonus noah tokens (taken from commission), increase penetration tokens and general awareness participants about them fees are dependent the amount noah tokens, which the payer holds. nudging holding large amounts noah for active members ecosystem the major principles such system have been used the revolutionary hong kong octopus project. its tremendous success gives better understanding future outlook noah ecosystem hong kong octopus experience shortens transaction time increased revenue via user-friendly platform with high penetration rate increased number transactions additional mln per day reduced administrative efforts and risks cash handling helped decrease queue waiting time white paper token usable function payment method the noah's economics and its ecosystem internal token will used payment method the noah's economics and will used for payment for services tool customer loyalty system and cash-back program the use internal token allows customer participate the noah's bonus programs, well receive increased cashback for certain categories purchases shop-partners value transfer tool, which decrease transaction costs money transfer and open financial borders main attention concentrated providing easy access for japanese contributors philippine projects, which allows contributors transfer capital with the lowest transaction costs. resorts discounts white paper road map noah tokens are usable the noah city ark remit public ico february noah city horizon manila jbros moa signing sept sci july (white label wallet ark) revolution precrafted moa signing april token listing april ark wallet noah resort moa signing october organic osmena (growkart) august nipponpay moa signing june pre sale dec march noah tokens are usable the noah resorts usable dakak pre sale april june white paper founding team and advisory board michael jiang josef werker clarke robertson rafael andres reyes graduate the university cambridge, josef concurrently the co-founder media werx and managing director penbrothers. expert business development and operations asia, was previously the account and operations manager jardine engineering corporation (philippines). experienced cto infrastructure valuecommerce (japan), clarke also active systems architect skilled infrastructure development and network platform design. co-founder and ceo wme limited, former ceo bnc co. japan and vice president valuecommerce japan. rafael has been the financial services industry since with executive positions american express, hsbc, emirates bank, citibank, unionbank (philippines), rcbc (philippines). now the founder and ceo ipaydna inc. led the insights analysis process for partnership deals. gathered consumer data across google platforms uncover insights about online behavior and user engagements. natalie salami alex mashinsky azam shaghaghi bea rose santiago noah legal advisor and principal naglaw, full service firm that currently focuses blockchain services: helping fintech companies navigate through layers overlapping regulation global scale. concurrently the founder and chief legal officer hitfin, which uses blockchain technology reduce risk and settlement times. prominent israeli-american entrepreneur who has founded several companies over the years, including groundlink, transit wireless, elematics and arbinet. azam bitcoin blockchain evangelist well specialist digital asset fund. she has the passion for innovation and disruptive technology bring positive global change filipina actress who was also chosen the miss international. active number media both domestically and abroad. white paper conclusion the invention bitcoin started the growth entirely new industry and economy, free from central authority and government control. the consequences this technology now slowly unfolding and has created over billion new value for the global economy. this number expected reach trillion the next years, the trend development continues. people get used the idea cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology applications become mainstream, companies that fail adapt fast enough will become obsolete, just like how the internet wiped out several industries because they did not have digital strategy. the same way, financial services and similar applications will experience this kind disruption. the mission the noah project consolidate and allow cryptocurrency users (customers, merchants and traders) board around very specific and intuitive platform that can seamlessly integrate all the existing features under the same structure. noahcoin users will able purchase the tokens from noah foundation from pre-approved digital asset exchanges use any the noah projects, use payment system with the noah wallet, send and receive money using the noah remit platform. giving the tokens this way, they will incentivizes use the tokens within the noah ecosystem services and developments. this platform comprises remittance, mobile money, and trading services that give its users unique and viable alternative traditional methods. the customers the noah project are users and supporters the platform who have interest japanese-filipino market opportunities, people who are already using cryptocurrencies but are looking for avenues diversify and contribute worthwhile endeavors between the two nations. the noah platform optimized provide the best services help its users embrace the best experience utilizing cryptocurrency its specific projects and developments. white paper legal provisions disclaimer warranties the purchaser expressly agrees that the purchaser purchasing noahcoin the purchaser's sole risk and that noahcoin provided "as is" basis without warranties any kind, either express implied, including, but not limited to, warranties title implied warranties, merchantability fitness for particular purpose. without limiting the foregoing, none the noahcoin team warrants that the process for purchasing noahcoin will uninterrupted error-free. this token sale not open for american citizens and/or residents. also not open any citizen resident country that does not allow participation token sales. this whitepaper includes forward-looking statements allow potential users the opportunity understand the noah foundation's plans, beliefs and opinions respect the future noahcoin. these statements are not guarantees future performance and undue reliance should not placed them. such forward-looking statements necessarily involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which may impact noahcoin. ii. privacy although noahcoin requires that purchasers provide email address, noahcoin will not publish any identifying information related noahcoin purchase, without the prior written consent the purchaser. purchasers may contacted email noahcoin regarding purchase. such emails will informational only. noahcoin will not request any information from purchasers email. privacy policy iii. noahcoin, committed protecting and respecting your privacy. this policy together with our terms use available our website and any other documents referred sets out the basis which any personal data collect from you, that you provide us, will processed us. please read the privacy policy carefully understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how will treat it. purchasing noahcoin you are accepting and consenting the practices described this policy. risk disclosures iv. the noah project has not furnished any economic, legal tax advice and purchasers should not contrue the contents this whitepaper any other information furnished the noah project economic, legal tax advice. regulatory risks governments are still grappling with public policy the regulation cryptocurrencies form settlement trade. governments adverse the proliferation the use cryptocurrencies local commerce could issue laws and regulations deeming the use cryptocurrencies regulated activity. countries such china and korea have issued regulations statements prohibiting token sales, while other countries have sought bring the sale tokens within the regulator control securities offerings. this could result holders tokens being unable use tokens the future without further regulatory compliance company. white paper purchasing tokens, the purchaser hreby represents that they will satisfy the full observance the law the purchaser's jurisdiction connection with purchasing cryptocurrency including the legal requirements within its jurisdiction for the purchase cryptocurrency, any foreign exchange restrictions applicable such purchase, any governmental other consents that may need obtained, and the income tax and other tax consequences, any, that may relevant the purchase, holding, redemption, sale transfer noahcoin tokens risks associated with use noahcoin network prospective token holders are encourage retain their own professional advisor review and evaluate the legal, economic, tax and other consequences purchasing noahcoin. use cryptocurrency exchanges complex and subject stringent qualification requirements. there guarantee that the developers will able successfully create system that allows payment for services using global cryptocurrencies. the failure establish network will result decreased liquidity tokens form settlement currency within the noahcoin network. even developers meet such qualification requirements, liquidity cryptocurrency not guaranteed and may limited due few users, small trading volume, other factors. futher, the company will not support otherwise facilitate any secondary trading external valuation tokens. risks associated with crowdsale tokens are not investment products but rather serve the means access and purchase goods and services the noahcoin system. without tokens, the general public may not access the noahcoin system. noahcoin does not represent ownership interests noah projects nor does entitle the holder noahcoin the right receive dividends share profits from noah projects. for these and other reasons, company believes that the sale tokens does not constitute public offering securities subject prospectus registration requirements. accordingly, the noahcoin sale has not been registered with any securities regulator. however, public policy towards token sales changing, and regulators may seek broaden the scope token sale regulation. taxation risks the noah project has not furnished any tax advice with regards purchasing noahcoin. the use tokens form settlement currency may may not subject local income tax, capital gain taxes, value-added tax, other forms taxes. this uncertainty tax legislation may expose merchants and customers alike tax consequences associated with the use tokens settlement currency and/or the trading tokens for capital gains. capital control risks many jurisdictions impose strict controls the cross-border flow capital. holders tokens may subject these regulations and/or arbitrary enforcement such regulations any time. this would make the transfer tokens out the local jurisdiction overseas exchanges unlawful activity, exposing users tokens government fines other regulatory sanctions. ctf and anti-money laundering regulations the united states has issued series regulations combat terrorist financing (ctf) and money-laundering activities. many other countries have enacted similar legislation control the flow capital for such illicit activities. the use cryptocurrencies bad actors would breach such regulations. any illicit use tokens could damage the global reputation the noahcoin network, trigger scrutiny ctf and anti-money laundering regulators, and disrupt the distribution and circulation tokens the noahcoin ecosystem. white paper blockchain risks noahcoins will distributed erc tokens the ethereum blockchain.as such, noahcoins are subject additional risks. rapidly evolving regulatory landscape focused digital currencies and, potentially, the technology underlying distributed ledgers, which might include security, privacy other regulatory concerns could disrupt the noahcoin system. the ethereum blockchain, timing block production determined proof work, block production can occur random times. for example, eth contributed the contract the final seconds distribution period may not get included for that period. buyer acknowledges and understands that the ethereum blockchain may not include buyer's transaction the time purchasers expects and purchasers may not receive tokens the same day buyer sends eth. the ethereum blockchain prone periodic congestion, during which transactions can delayed lost. individuals may also intentionally spam the ethereum network attempt gain advantage purchasing tokens. buyer acknowledges and understands that ethereum block producers may not include buyer's transaction when buyer wants buyer's transaction may not included all. the possibilities undiscovered technical flaws, including the process which system participants come agreement the state the ethereum blockchain and the ownership noahcoins recorded the blockchain may cause purchasers lose some all their noahcoins. additionally, noahcoins may subject expropriation and/or theft. hackers other malicious groups organizations may attempt interfere with the contract tokens variety ways, including malware attacks, denial service attacks, consensus-based attacks, sybil attacks, smurfing, and spoofing. furthermore, because the ethereum platform rests open-source software and tokens are based open-source software, ethereum smart contracts may contain bugs weaknesses which may negatively affect tokens result the loss buyer's tokens, the loss buyer's ability access control buyer's tokens, the loss eth buyer's account. the event such theft technical issue, there may remedy, and holders tokens are not guaranteed any remedy, refund, compensation. the project and all the matters set forth the white paper are new and untested. the project might not capable completion, implementation, adoption. possible that blockchain utilizing the project will ever launched and there may never operational platform. even the project completed, implemented, and adopted, might not function intended, and tokens associated with blockchain adopting the project may not have functionality that desirable valuable. also, technology changing rapidly, tokens and the project may become outdated. the regulatory status cryptographic tokens, digital assets, and blockchain technology unclear unsettled many jurisdictions. difficult predict how whether governmental authorities will regulate such technologies. likewise difficult predict how whether any governmental authority may make changes existing laws, regulations, and/or rules that will affect cryptographic tokens, digital assets, blockchain technology, blockchain applications. such changes could negatively impact tokens various ways, including, for example, through determination that tokens are regulated financial instruments that require registration. company may cease the distribution tokens and/or the project cease operations jurisdiction the event that governmental actions make unlawful commercially undesirable continue. ownership private cryptographic keys for the wallet where noahcoins are stored equal ownership noahcoins themselves. the general public, however, not yet accustomed using secure cryptographic methods and managing private keys. participating the offering, expected that you will hold the private cryptographic key keys and prevent private key disclosure. private cryptographic keys are vulnerable cyber theft. the theft may login credentials third party provider access ethereum wallet similar how credentials traditional online brokerage account would stolen. the theft may private cryptographic key keys individual investor repository containing private keys. white paper vulnerability present with digital assets given that participants this offering may later find out that they have not properly avoided disclosure their private keys from others. also, many third party providers access ethereum wallet are small unregulated entities. they may vulnerable cyber criminal attacks well and may not able compensate participants this offering whole part should someone steal the digiatl assets provided this offering. there can assurance that such theft would detected time hold the culprit accountable. the risk theft private keys from third party providers ethereum wallets heightened long centralized repository holds the private keys behalf security holders, the thief able target single security system for breach multiple accounts. business risks company plans conduct closings sales tokens funds are received. less than $,, received from the sale tokens, company may have insufficient cash implement its plans described, and buyer shall heightened risk loss. company's principal competitors may have greater financial resources than those available company and thus better position attract talent, initiate projects, and offer lower prices for electricity, crucial factor for coin miners. company's ability remain competitive may depend part upon its ability create new and enhanced products services and introduce these products services timely and cost-effective manner. addition, product and service introductions enhancements company's competitors the use other technologies could cause decline sales loss market acceptance company's existing products and services. there can assurances that company shall successful selecting, developing, and marketing new products and services enhancing its existing products services. failure successfully may adversely affect the company's business, financial condition, and operation results. company's ability realize its objectives shall depend its ability attract and retain qualified personnel. competition for such personnel can intense, and there can assurance that company's results shall not adversely affected difficulty attracting and/or retaining qualified personnel. the industry which company operates new and may subject heightened oversight and scrutiny, including investigations enforcement actions. there can assurance that governmental authorities will not examine the operations company and/or pursue enforcement actions against company. such governmental activities may may not the result targeting company particular. all this may subject company judgments, settlements, fines, penalties cause company restructure its operations and activities cease offering certain products services, all which could harm company's reputation lead higher operational costs, which may turn have material adverse effect tokens and/or the development the project. company will not support otherwise facilitate any secondary trading external valuation tokens. these tokens are not intended liquid assets and should not treated such purchasers tokens. cases variation, the english version shall prevail. white paper