whitepaper oir community built, privacy driven. october table contents introduction ii. why community-governed? iii. goal iv. economic model specifications vi. zerocoin protocol vii. mining viii.masternodes ix. voting system introduction noir whitepaper noir (nor) decentralized cryptocurrency that seeks provide secure and untraceable payment service for its users. being based the proven cryptographic technology the zerocoin protocol, noir offers anonymity and privacy its users when desired. noir comparison many other coins completely governed the community and belongs all who want participate shaping its future. noirofficial.org ii. why community-governed? noir whitepaper the reason why noir has become community-governed cryptocurrency ingrained its history. was the community who decided take over the project after was abandoned the original dev(s). today, the noir team consists volunteers from the community and who offered their time, knowledge, experience, and dedication the development noir. the near future, major decisions will made the community whole. this will done through voting, which will integrated the official wallets (see roadmap). through this process, people with different ideas, goals, and opinions will able help shape the future noir. noirofficial.org iii. goal noir whitepaper our goal the road ahead the goal turn noir into currency for one's daily payments. our plans for the next few years include: coin that not only traded for speculative reasons, but currency that enables people buy products and services secure and untraceable way. one the main goals therefore develop wallet that integrates markets, users democracy, exchanges, communities and security for both buyer and seller. mobile wallets ios and android add noir more exchanges add real-world usescases get noir into existing crypto creditcard community voting build right into the wallet shared masternodes service for up-to-date roadmap, please visit https://noirofficial.org noirofficial.org iv. economic model noir whitepaper its purpose the development reward fund the noir team will release financial report the end every month. was voted the community, has been instated and initiate block until block increasing block rewards and allocation noir per block the fund. this means full transparency towards the community the costs and funding the project, but also the community's participation how want and can fund future development. this will not affect miner rewards, once block reached, block rewards will back where what donation addresses the financial reports can found the official website and will offer updates and information on: the current balance the development fund nor btc cost current and past projects information how donate nor btc nor zljuiiyzfnsdydrrvfccradj btc etuzdslgbubkbthjarkbzythevu noirofficial.org specifications noir whitepaper launch date november community coin premine, ico only mineable per cpu zerocoin protocol total coins: million proof work, algo lyraz (,,) initial reward nor per block with block the reward nor and halving every blocks block time: minutes noirofficial.org vi. zerocoin protocol noir whitepaper what zerocoin? zerocoin project fix major weakness bitcoin: the lack privacy. our goal build cryptocurrency where your neighbours, friends and enemies can't see what you bought for how much. this project began with proposed extension, called "zerocoin", the bitcoin protocol that allowed users mix their own coin. collaboration between the original zerocoin project members and cryptographers mit, the technion, and tel aviv university, has produced far more efficient protocol that allows for direct private payments other users. how zerocoin works with the new zerocoin protocol, zerocoin allows direct anonymous payments between parties. zerocoin transactions exist alongside the (nonanonymous) normal transactions. each user can convert non-anonymous coins into anonymous coins, which call noir-zerocoins. users can then send noir-zerocoins other users, and split merge noir-zerocoins they own any way that preserves the total value. users can also convert noir-zerocoins back into normal noir, though principle this not necessary all transactions can made terms noir-zerocoins. zerocoin scheme for bitcoin for more information about the zerocoin protocol, please visit http://zerocoin.org noirofficial.org vii. mining noir whitepaper initial reward nor per block reward halves every blocks total coins million hard cap mined blocks mature blocks block time min noirofficial.org viii.masternodes noir whitepaper what masternode? masternodes are nodes running the same wallet software the same blockchain provide extra services the network such instant send, coin mixing support privacy, and help stabilizing the network. anyone can run masternode and the objective have enough online provide true level decentralization, which doesn't favour country, geography, company, person. for providing such services, masternodes are also paid certain portion the reward each block. how much noir for one masternode? create masternode called noirnode, user needs lock specific amount noir. noirnode noir noirofficial.org ix. voting system noir whitepaper noir's online-based voting represents ideal decentralized platform for exercising democracy. one our goals create decentralized voting system that allows anyone vote and participate from his wallet. that ensures the entire network can't taken over single entity and that every member the community gets say important decisions. noirofficial.org noirofficial.org oir community built, privacy driven. the noir team