www.noku.io the blockchain money company white paper (draft release ..) "money the language use communicate value other people. well... the alphabet changing." roberto gorini noku.io table contents the money today the purpose money cryptocurrency the real world the noku goal buy-back tokens custom tokens the noku account one-time utility token: noku master token flowchart noku ecosystem noku ico marketing and social media allocation value collected roadmap noku platform noku card noku pay technology privacy customer service our team advisor noku legal disclaimer noku.io the money today people need reliable and affordable chain value order prosper and produce wealth. physical money (usd, eur, etc ...) old, slow, expensive, and inflated. every major nation, financial problems are oppressing the economy through increasing bureaucracy and capital control. moreover, many people operate outside the bank system and can't easily exchange money. you can't exchange value, you can't contribute your society, and you are unable grow and produce prosperity. but every problem has solution, and people (and markets) always find way make progress. indeed, the end someone assembled new technology exchange value. they named blockchain, and invented new digital money called bitcoin. more and more people began adopt this kind technology, developing and integrating its services, making even more complex products, and extending the chain value and trust. from there, several new projects began emerge. more companies and digital currencies were developed and realized, such ethereum, zcash, litecoin, dash, monero and others. noku.io the purpose money money essentially serves purposes: reserve value money must hold its value over time, guarantee that people can use the future needed. people work hard for money when possible, that they can then use survive and prosper future when they may longer able work. this essential function that physical money, with its constant inflation, longer able fulfill. medium exchange money has facilitate transaction. without money you can only use barter conduct transaction. however, this can only take place only there double coincidence matching needs and desires, which very limiting. money permits exchange everything with single medium and turn into anything want. this fundamental quality what allows people specialize their careers specific line work. unit value money common measure value for goods and services. this enables the market have "prices" and better understand costs. this also allows for faster transactions. noku.io cryptocurrency cryptocurrency was created solve today's money problems. works well reserve value, and also quite good medium exchange. admittedly, doesn't work well for setting "prices". it's too volatile, there are too many different cryptocurrencies and bitcoin has majority the market share. but this not problem! our vision the future global market with different currencies: some that are best for preserving value, others that are more efficient for exchanging value and fiat money will probably still used for measuring units value each different country. the real world are living exciting times: the era cryptocurrencies! this technology creating new, revolutionary money... but live physical world and fiat money will still around for long time. need way incorporate this technology, create links with our physical world and use improve our standard living. noku.io the noku goal our mission connect crypto economy real life focus creating products and services that help people save, spend and invest value the "real" world, while still enjoying the advantages crypto technologies. our first three products will be: buy-back tokens custom tokens one-time utility tokens buy-back tokens preserve your value cryptos our first product will token that sell for eur (plus transaction cost) and which then buy-back for eur (minus transaction cost) should the customer wish sell back the noku company. serie tokens will follow. for example will possible for noku release: gbpn for gbp, chfn for chf. noku.io customer wants buy "buy-back token", has register for noku account and the kyc procedure. the token (not the customer) has buy-back right with the noku company. however, customer wants sell buy-back token, must have registered noku account, register noku account with kyc procedure. customer does not comply with the kyc/aml noku procedure, they cannot buy sell buy-back token from/to the noku company. only noku company can sell buy noku buy-back token. believe that people deserve fast and reliable service all over the world. think that buy-back tokens will useful for several reasons: payments noku buy-back tokens can used for payments with equivalent value fiat currency (as long it's digital), meaning can also used smart contract. noku.io savings you can store value with token that can sell-back for fiat currency, without ever needing exit the crypto world. trading you can add pegged digital currency your trading system and balance your fiat and cryptocurrencies real-time without leaving the digital world and without sending your private keys third parties. custom tokens create your token without writing code with noku account, you can use the noku platform create your own tokens. these can used for several activities: international remittance complimentary currency payments bill payments manage points gift cards voucher coupon noku.io gamification ... and anything else people may need regardless who our customers are and what are they need, provide powerful and flexible solution manage their communities, giving them reliable network that transmits value and trust. with noku platform, customers will able create, move burn their own tokens. token can anything community decides. all the tokens created through the noku platform are automatically recognized the noku wallets (both the web and apps versions). this gives customers holistic solution without the need write code buy servers. advanced services will available the near future, such white labeling platforms wallets. noku tokens will erc token compliant. this time ethereum the most reliable platform for smart contracts and token creation, but our research department will continue closely study progress other noku.io technologies such bitcoin lighting network, rootstock, bitshares, waves, nxt and whatever else might help people more easily distribute value and trust. will develop user-friendly platform give our customers the best and most powerful solutions and will release clearing rooms make our platform compatible for multi-blockchain network. time, during any procedure, noku company store the private keys the customer's tokens. the noku account when customer wants buy noku tokens, use the noku platform, aml/kyc procedure necessary the identification procedure has three steps: verification identity verification document verification noku.io using third party service (like jumio) noku never directly stores any sensible customer data. world-check customers must have valid identity and documents, well clear global position. noku will check this through third party service (like thomson reuters). one-time utility token: noku master token some the noku ecosystem services are free (like the web wallet and app wallet). other services (like creating tokens white labelling wallet) require payment. all fees are payed with the noku master token. this one-time utility token. can pre-purchased with cash discount, exchanged the market and can used once the noku platform. this means that when noku token spent the noku platform, noku company will not sell back the market. noku fees are published monthly basis and may calculated percentage transaction, fixed value monthly fee. noku services can paid only with noku master token. noku.io flowchart noku ecosystem noku.io noku ico the noku master token will available for pre-sale ico event (or tge event token generation event). the pre-sale allows noku collect value develop all the services described the roadmap. the ico not allowed for citizens following countries: usa, china, canada, israel, south korea and vietnam. during the online procedure, investors are responsible for determining their eligibility invest. the initially coin offering (ico), noku company will pre-sale maximum the total amount noku master token, which will fixed mln, the ico will have maximum cap mln noku master token offered. the rest the tokens (and the unsold tokens) will preserved the noku reserve locked and released twenty years, the percentage per year. the value the noku master token will officialized hours before the start the ico. there will pre-sale ico for early investors (family, friends and innovators) discounted price (less than ico price) using reservation contracts. zero tokens will reserved for founders, advisors, developers. the ico has target noku maximum cap. noku.io the ico has soft cap and hard cap with the following structured: soft cap equal hard cap equal will possible participate the initial coin offering donating either ethereum, bitcoin, litecoin dash. those not donating with eth will also asked provide the ethereum address which they would receive the noku master tokens. this point will reminder contributors that are not responsible for mistaken addresses. will also take this moment remind them that will only possible contribute sending ethereum from wallet which the contributor holds the private key, and that will not possible contribute sending ethereum from exchanges. the soft cap not reached, the total amount all donations received will returned. the minimum amount eth donate during the ico eth per person and the maximum amount eth per person. the tokens sold during the initial coin offering will part the maximum amount .., meaning that after the ico (and considering that all the initial tokens will sold), there will still available. the amount tokens locked and only the will unlocked the beginning each year after the first (january the following year). the first year this percentage will unlocked the end the ico guarantee that all the services associated with the noku platform will fully functional through the use noku tokens payment. noku.io noku distribution early investors ico hold locked noku (released per year) meaning: december january january ico start ico end noku tradable the rock trading exchange thus the maximum number tokens circulation will limited for total supply noku circulation. some tokens still haven't been sold the end the ico, the remaining tokens will locked along with the other tokens stored the company. noku.io marketing and social media customers and investors will contacted through marketing social media channels such as: medium facebook twitter telegram github all these accounts are ready and some them are already operation. the same time, communication campaign running through the advice certain influential web-users and "crypto evangelist" that are well known the countries where the ico system allowed. moreover communication and information campaign already underway through meetups and scheduled events. noku will also finalize the structure press office, which will coordinate marketing and social media. noku.io allocation value collected the total amount noku tokens sold, the ico surpassed the soft cap, will used develop the following roadmap and may allocated such: research development, infrastructure, marketing, legal compliance, management administration. research development infrastructure marketing legal compliance management administration allocation may vary and noku company can use the total amount collected develop acquire the market all the competence products needed. noku.io roadmap step web wallet done want give people the possibility store value with cryptocurrencies, user friendly environment. the user interface simple but powerful. people can manage different accounts with different tokens the ethereum. other blockchains, like zcash and bitcoin, will come later. you can course move tokens from your wallet third-party's wallet certain exchanges. noku.io step buy-back token eurn done described, the very beginning our activity we'll release some buyback tokens for value eur, gbp, chf. these first products can used save, spend and invest the crypto world. you can use them through our wallets and certain selected exchanges. noku.io step android and ios wallet february will develop android and ios wallet that synchronized with our web wallet, manage different accounts wherever and whenever users wish. people can label accounts, register new tokens, obtain official quotations send equivalent amount fiat money directly from the wallet without leaving the interface, and several other useful functions. people can manage different accounts with different tokens the ethereum network, using all the erc tokens released. other blockchains, like zcash and bitcoin, will come later. noku.io step noku platform march step noku card june step noku pay october noku.io noku platform the noku platform will give people the possibility creating their own tokens and managing them. we'll start with the ethereum network and the future we'll add support for different blockchains that make sense. we'll also develop clearing rooms people can manage tokens different ways. every token will compatible with all versions our wallets. noku.io noku card addition the possibility store tokens our wallets, we'll enable people spend them directly from the wallet through prepaid card (visa mastercard) the real world. allowing users live and spend without leaving the crypto-space, wherever prepaid card accepted. noku pay the next step will develop payment module, virtualize pre-paid card directly into the smartphone, with nfc technology. this way, people don't need carry plastic card, but can simply use the noku pay app for payments wherever prepaid card accepted. noku.io the noku pay module can also implemented different web site, apps, social network the internet world. technology blockchain technology, which the basis for bitcoin and ethereum operations, fantastic invention created satoshi nakamoto (whoever this may be). are thankful. inventions like this don't just appear out thin air though. there always process knowledge creation. based certain type scientific knowledge, and then taken step further, expanding the technology. this also what happened with cryptocurrency. the invention blockchain the sum whole series technologies that have been combined with few new additions, such "consensus". noku technology noku master token and noku buy-back token will created the ethereum blockchain, erc compliant. the web and mobile wallet are written javascript. noku platform, for the creation, movement and burning custom tokens, developed with solidity. the beginning noku company will release the platform and tokens the ethereum ecosystem, while still being implanted the bitcoin ecosystem, with lightning network, well with zcash technology and dash the near future. noku.io privacy noku users have full control over both their data and accounts privacy. they will have two level operating setting. level user can use free service like web mobile wallet. never store private keys the tokens stored noku wallets. every passage only the customers can access the data. level customer wants use noku platform buy/sell noku tokens directly the noku company, has register himself with kyc/aml procedure and has buy noku master token pay services. customer service noku provides online customer service for level noku users. whenever users need assistance, customer service specialists can reached via the noku.io website. when user submits inquiry, the customer service team will respond within one working day. the noku goal provide consistently excellent customer assistance. noku.io our team roberto gorini ceo serial entrepreneur with over twenty years experience. graduate economics, well thousands hours experience trainer and coach for numerous courses and conferences. blogger, public speaker, and author the books matrix economy and crypto economy (). cryptocurrencies evangelist. marco guarducci cto simply coder. skilled c++, javascript, sql and most the other languages, linux windows kernel, networking, embedded systems, bigdata and highways video monitoring... blockchain enthusiast since has been project manager and entrepreneur information technology since manuel olivi coo when you combine passion for technology with criminology degree, you end exploring lot uncharted territory. years experience security privacy engineering, computer science, digital, web and startups. started working full time blockchain, cryptocurrencies and decentralized applications projects with the goal change the world. also the founder iki lab. noku.io cosimo sguanci mobile developer years old computer science graduate, android developer and computer engineering student politecnico milano. passionate about everything that's related computer science. fabio gori system developer system, knowledge and software engineer, biker. deep knowledge linux kernel and gnu software universe. full stack developer. expert algorithms and methods for content extraction from unstructured semistructured datasets. designer highly complex and abstracted ontologies. woo jeon park web developer ceo fabbrika new media, art director mathema. skilled web&mobile development interface design, php, jquery, bootstrap, wordpress, e-commerce and blender noku.io davide zucchetti marketing manager business school ore keynote speaker (https://ilsoleore.academia.edu/ davidezucchetti); knowledge manager hiskill; gorocketmarketing ceo; marketing management consultant. davide luigi borella community manager crypto evangelist, startup advisor, community manager and web influencer the crypto economy. since november member the crypto valley. has been project manager, entrepreneur and blockchain enthusiast since thanks the support his team, actually manage more than telegram channels all about the crypto-world, blockchains and icos. the crypto-world known with the alias "dave" "crypto dave". advisor paolo rebuffo advisor business angel, serial blockchain advisor (gnosis, eidoo, edgeless, bitcrystal, monetha). masters economics and years experience stock and derivative trader since discovering blockchain. born italy, and currently lives zug switzerland. member the cryptovalley and cryptopolis associations. noku.io davide baldi advisor entrepreneur, business angel, director digital identity ch, advisor eidoo. member the cryptopolis association. davide vicini advisor investment banker, ventura sicav bod member, cfo nowboat.com and advisor swiss companies. studied westminster university (ba) and sda bocconi (master degree). ping pong fanatic and avenger's team member. alfredo malgrati advisor entrepreneur, business angel, graduated economy (bocconi milan). ceo several european companies. noku.io noku legal disclaimer general information order fund the development the noku ecosystem, tokens will sold the public exchange cryptocurrencies. the noku token coin, which will allow the user access the service provided the noku platform. users that intend purchase noku token are subject the acceptance the general terms conditions. the noku token does not have the legal qualification security, since does not give any rights dividends interests. the sale noku tokens final and non-refundable. noku tokens are not shares and not give any right participate the general meeting noku ag. noku tokens cannot have performance particular value outside the noku platform. noku tokens shall therefore not used purchased for speculative investment purposes. noku tokens will not listed any regulated stock exchange. this white paper nor any other material relating the offer, noku platform noku tokens, has ever been ever will filed with regard legal standards such the federal act stock exchanges and securities trading law, the financial market infrastructure act, the collective investment schemes act, which are not applicable this token sale. therefore laws and acts that ensure that investors are sold investments that include all the proper disclosures and are subject regulatory scrutiny for the investors' protection, are not applicable this case. every purchaser the noku token should seek proper advice order understand whether the purchase the token appropriate for them not. anyone purchasing noku tokens expressly acknowledges and represents that she/he has carefully reviewed this white paper and fully understands the risks, costs, and benefits associated with the purchase noku token. noku.io knowledge required the purchaser noku tokens undertakes that she/he understands and has significant experience cryptocurrencies, blockchain systems, and services, and that she/he fully understands the risks associated with crowd-sale well the mechanism related the use cryptocurrencies (incl. storage). noku ltd shall not responsible for any loss noku tokens, situations making impossible access noku tokens, which may result from any actions omissions the user, any person undertaking the acquisition noku tokens, well case hacker attacks. risks acquiring noku tokens and storing them involves various risks, particular the risk that noku may not able launch its operations and develop its products and provide the services promised. therefore, prior acquiring noku tokens, any user should carefully consider the risks, costs and benefits acquiring noku tokens the context the crowd-sale and, necessary, obtain independent advice this regard. any interested person who not position accept understand the risks associated with the activity (incl. the risks related the non-development the noku platform) any other risks indicated the terms conditions the crowd-sale, should not acquire noku tokens. important disclaimer this white paper shall not and cannot considered invitation enter into investment. does not constitute relate any way, nor should considered as, offering securities any jurisdiction. this white paper does not include contain any information indication that might considered recommendation that might used basis for any investment decision. noku tokens are just utility tokens which can used only the noku platform and are not intended used investment. noku.io the offering noku tokens trading platform done order allow the use the noku platform and not for speculative purposes. the offering noku tokens trading platform does not change the legal qualification the tokens, which remain simple means for the use the noku platform and are not security. noku not considered advisor any legal, tax financial matters. any information the white paper provided for general information purposes only and noku does not provide any warranty the accuracy and completeness this information. noku not financial intermediary and not required obtain any authorization for anti-money laundering purposes. acquiring noku tokens shall not grant any right influence over noku's organization and governance the purchasers. regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing businesses and operations associated with cryptocurrencies the world. that respect, regulatory measures, investigations actions may impact noku business and even limit prevent from developing its operations the future. any person undertaking acquire noku tokens must aware that the noku business model, the white paper, terms conditions may change need modified because new regulatory and compliance requirements according any applicable laws any jurisdictions. such case, purchasers and anyone undertaking acquire noku tokens acknowledge and understand that neither noku nor any its affiliates shall held liable for any direct indirect loss damage caused such changes. noku will its utmost launch its operations and develop the noku platform. anyone undertaking acquire noku tokens acknowledges and understands that noku does not provide any guarantee that will manage achieve it. they acknowledge and understand therefore that noku (incl. its bodies and employees) assumes liability responsibility for any loss damage that would result from, relate to, the noku.io incapacity use noku tokens, except case intentional misconduct gross negligence. representation and warranties participating the initial coin offering, the purchaser agrees the above and particular, they represent and guarantee that they: have carefully read the terms conditions attached the white paper; agree their full contents and accept legally bound them; are authorized and have full power purchase noku tokens according the laws that apply their jurisdiction domicile; are not u.s. citizen, resident entity "u.s. person") nor are they purchasing noku signing behalf u.s. person; are not resident china, canada, israel, vietnam south korea, nor are they purchasing noku signing behalf person resident china, canada, israel, vietnam south korea; live jurisdiction which allows noku ltd sell noku tokens through crowd-sale without requiring any local authorization; are familiar with all related regulations the specific jurisdiction which they are based and that purchasing cryptographic tokens that jurisdiction not prohibited, restricted subject additional conditions any kind; will not use the crowd-sale for any illegal activity, including but not limited money laundering and the financing terrorism; have sufficient knowledge about the nature the cryptographic tokens and have significant experience with, and functional understanding of, the usage and intricacies dealing with cryptographic tokens and currencies and blockchain-based systems and services; purchase noku tokens because they wish have access the noku platform; are not purchasing noku tokens for the purpose speculative investment usage. governing law and arbitration noku.io the client acknowledges and accepts that the noku ico operation taking place within switzerland legal environment that still under development. the parties agree seek amicable settlement prior bringing any legal action. all disputes arising with the papers provided, shall resolved arbitration accordance with the switzerland law. disclaimer there are risks and uncertainties associated with noku and/or the distributor and their respective businesses and operations: the noku tokens, the noku initial token sale, and the noku apps (each referred this white paper). you can find description the risk related the token sale under the legal section, which should read carefully. this white paper, any part thereof and any copy thereof, must not taken transmitted any country where distribution dissemination token sale initial coin offering like the one described this white paper prohibited restricted. the noku tokens are not intended constitute securities any jurisdiction. noku tokens are utility token and cannot have performance particular value outside the noku platform. therefore, this white paper cannot constitute prospectus offer document for investment securities. this white paper does not constitute, form part of, any opinion any advice sell, any solicitation any offer noku ltd purchase any noku tokens, give any help any investment decision. you are not eligible and cannot purchase any noku tokens the noku token sale (as referred this white paper) you are citizen, resident (tax otherwise) green card holder the united states america, you are resident the people's republic china, canada, israel, vietnam south korea. noku.io