limit fantasy sports llc nolimitcoin whitepaper copyright (c) limit fantasy sports llc table contents executive summary .................................................................................................................................. introduction .............................................................................................................................................. history fantasy sports .......................................................................................................................... daily fantasy sports (dfs) ........................................................................................................................ fantasy sports platforms ................................................................................................................... issues facing existing fantasy sports platforms ....................................................................................... high fees........................................................................................................................................... complicated verification procedures ............................................................................................... slow transfer funds ..................................................................................................................... limit fantasy sports ............................................................................................................................ lower fees ........................................................................................................................................ accelerated verification ................................................................................................................. faster transactions ......................................................................................................................... fair play ........................................................................................................................................... our platforms.................................................................................................................................. ... limit fantasy sports (nlc platform) ............................................................................ ... cost fantasy sports (free platform)............................................................................... regulation compliance ................................................................................................................... sports offered ................................................................................................................................ rake poker................................................................................................................................. nolimitcoin ............................................................................................................................................ predecessor .................................................................................................................................... the nlc blockchain ...................................................................................................................... how obtain nlc ...................................................................................................................... cryptocurrency exchanges .................................................................................................... visa, mastercard alipay ..................................................................................................... celebrity endorsement marketing ...................................................................................................... conclusion .............................................................................................................................................. our core team........................................................................................................................................ contacts and sources ............................................................................................................................. disclaimer ....................................................................................................................................................... copyright (c) limit fantasy sports llc executive summary although the online fantasy sports industry growing significantly each year, the chances winning and the costs involved are taking toll for players due little competition saturated market. fantasy sports platforms make most their revenues through high entry fees, high rake fees and high withdrawal fees. addition, they also reduce players chances winning they compete against computers that are programmed perform the betting tasks more efficiently than humans do. overall, limit fantasy sports has realized gap the fantasy sports market and have capitalized this through the application blockchain technology that far more reasonable the players and the fantasy sport community. the limit fantasy sports platform uses its own cryptocurrency, nolimitcoin ("nlc") overcome those issues: the fees are lot lower than our competitors, saving players their winnings. through using nlc players can instantly transfer funds without waiting for days credited. our verification process lot faster being linked your email account. moreover, users are not barred nationality because least one our platforms will suit the user. global players compete against each other and not against programmed computers, giving them better chance winning. the following whitepaper, intend further elaborate the issues faced players the existing fantasy sports platforms and how our nlc crypto fantasy platform will utilize blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies solve these current issues. the application such innovative design will revolutionize the fantasy sports industry providing players fast, secure and cheap method funding. copyright (c) limit fantasy sports llc introduction the fantasy sports industry one the fastest expanding markets worldwide, growing from million players million players the united states and canada alone compared when players spent average each the u.s., the average american player spent june the fantasy sports market was valued above billion although the density fantasy sports players the rest the world lower than america, this result lack strong fantasy sports platforms seeing the interest fantasy sports there the growth fantasy sports market figure the growth the fantasy sports market limit fantasy sports provides the opportunity for people all over the world experience the joy playing fantasy sports without the strict regulations and high expenses that are characteristic existing fantasy sports platforms. implementing nolimitcoin (symbol: nlc), limit fantasy sports the first online fantasy sports platform harness blockchain technology. this application cryptocurrencies will revolutionize the fantasy sports industry enabling provide fast, secure and cheap method fund and reward player accounts. limit fantasy sports designed appeal global audience offering competitions wide variety sports. the first sport implemented was american football (nfl) during the season. the immediate success this rollout was evident both users the platform and our partners, who have enabled our new growth into additional sports. august launched european football (soccer) and started with leagues english premier league, liga spain, liga mexico and mls usa. with increasing demand from players and opportunities for growth the market, will expanding this list additional leagues. addition nfl and soccer, the platform will launching hockey (october basketball (november mma (november cricket (january and baseball (june the fantasy sports community. copyright (c) limit fantasy sports llc expansion other soccer leagues league name bundesliga serie eredivisie ligue country continent germany italy netherlands france type league club domestic club domestic club domestic club domestic abbreviation deb itsa nle frl limit fantasy sports hosts competitions for players build virtual teams across multiple leagues, composed active players, score points and compete against other teams created other members. additionally, friends can compete against each other through our private peer-to-peer platform. the limit fantasy sports platform has been developed highly qualified team with years experience both the fantasy sports industry and the cryptocurrency environment. built blockchain technology, offer four primary benefits which combine provide better fantasy sports experience all users: significantly reduced fees section fast and easy verification process section practically instant deposits and automatic withdrawals section protection against unfair practices section cater all members the global fantasy sports community and will host contests plethora sports. addition, nolimitcoin, the cryptocurrency that powers cryptofantasysports.com, runs one the most efficient blockchains the market. has great potential revolutionize the industry and ultimately used extensively across many fantasy sports and other game networks. copyright (c) limit fantasy sports llc history fantasy sports modern fantasy football can traced back the late wilfred "bill the gill" winkenbach, oakland area businessman and limited partner the oakland raiders. new york hotel room during raiders eastern cross-country trip, winkenbach, along with raiders public relations man bill tunnel and tribune reporter scotty stirling, developed system organization and rulebook, which would eventually the basis modern fantasy football. the inaugural league was called the gopppl (greater oakland professional pigskin prognosticators league), and the first draft took place the rumpus room winkenbach's home oakland, california august the league consisted eight members, made administrative affiliates the afl, pro football journalists, someone who had purchased sold season tickets for the raiders' season. each roster consisted the following the gopppl: two quarterbacks, four halfbacks, two fullbacks, four offensive ends, two kick/punt returners, two field goal kickers, two defensive backs/linebackers and two defensive linemen. the current gopppl roster now includes: two quarterbacks, four halfbacks, six wide receivers/tight ends, two kickers, two defensive backs, one return team, and bonus pick for any position. the gopppl celebrated its season and still maintains its td-only scoring heritage. for years, the popularity fantasy football grew slowly. cbs launched the beta version the first publicly available free fantasy football website. the game immediately became widely popular. within three years, all major sports media launched competing fantasy football websites. the nfl released their own official game (nfl.com) further driving the fantasy football industry's growth. fantasy football now the single most important marketing tool for the nfl. estimated over million people compete public and private leagues online nationally. fantasy football was christened mainstream with fantasy football based sitcom, the league. copyright (c) limit fantasy sports llc daily fantasy sports (dfs) fantasy sports term that refers contests skill which participants compete amongst themselves creating virtual teams consisting players from professional sport. point system used quantify the performances the selected players and these scores determine the overall results the competitions. fantasy sports competitions are split into categories differing timeframes and participant counts. within the fantasy sports world there exist two main types concepts determined the timeframe the contest: traditional fantasy sports played over entire sports season daily fantasy sports accelerated variant occurring over shorter period, typically spanning over week this whitepaper pertains daily fantasy sports. fantasy sports competitions are also separated their number participants. head head games refer contests between two participants, while guaranteed prize pool games are essentially tournaments with unlimited participants and predetermined prize amount. fantasy sports platforms fantasy sports platforms are businesses that utilize the internet host competitions and connect participants one another. they utilize data feeds from real world sports matches allocate points selected players and fantasy team picks. return for their services, these platforms profit taking cut, known the rake, from the prize amounts. the dfs market saturated primarily two large providers draftkings(tm) and fanduel(tm). limit fantasy sports fanduel(tm) sports available nfl, mlb, nba, nhl, mma, soccer, cricket nfl, mlb, nba, nhl, mma, golf, soccer, nascar nfl, mlb, nba, nhl compatibility cryptocurrency (nlc) fiat currency fiat currency fees rakes (as low verification process quick (email verification) withdrawal speed instant seconds) payment method nlc, visa, mastercard alipay (section lengthy (government id, proof residence, etc.) days (electronically) weeks (by check) visa, mastercard paypal lengthy (government id, proof residence, etc.) hours (paypal) days (by check) visa, mastercard paypal copyright (c) limit fantasy sports llc draftkings(tm) issues facing existing fantasy sports platforms the united states, two existing online fantasy sports platforms, draftkings(tm) and fanduel(tm), currently control the industry. the companies announced merger this year and our company quickly filed very strong complaint with the federal trade commission (ftc) opposing such merger. this merger would take two dominant operators and combine them over the market, effectively creating monopoly. the ftc decided reject and block this merger. there are issues that members currently face using the existing platforms including high fees, lengthy verification procedures, slow transfer funds and the unfair advantage some players gain gaming the system using computer algorithms. high fees existing fantasy sports services generate significant income from players the fees charged for participating competitions, also called rake. average, these platforms charge rake more. also, the players with the smallest buy-ins are burdened highest fee rates. head head (rake per site) pool size small medium large site buy players total buy ins total prizes rake fanduel draftkings fanduel draftkings fanduel draftkings figure ... rakes charged fanduel(tm) and draftkings(tm) for head head games copyright (c) limit fantasy sports llc guaranteed prize pool (rake per site) pool size small medium large site buy players total buy ins total prizes rake fanduel draftkings fanduel draftkings fanduel draftkings figure ... rakes charged fanduel(tm) and draftkings(tm) for guaranteed prize pool games complicated verification procedures players fanduel(tm) and draftkings(tm) are required submit tedious verification procedures order deposit withdraw their funds. draftkings(tm) requires users supply government issued id, proof residence, and "more information deemed necessary." fanduel(tm) requires their members provide their social security number before withdrawing winnings these issues are inherent platforms that use fiat for gameplay. slow transfer funds according draftkings(tm), withdrawals take eight days processed electronically and between two and three weeks processed check fanduel(tm) claims process withdrawal requests faster hours through paypal and between seven and ten days check) but "reserves the right refuse your withdrawal and/or close your account" their discretion copyright (c) limit fantasy sports llc limit fantasy sports our mission provide fair, fun and fast fantasy sports experience all players. our fantasy sports platforms have been created run the cryptocurrency nolimitcoin ("nlc") which will discussed further detail. it's our belief that the cryptocurrency platform will eventually become the most attractive platform terms cost, efficiency and return for money. lower fees our competitive advantage fact that have cryptocurrency platform that allows the movement coins occur very low cost. fees will vary from depending the platform used and whether the transactions use cryptocurrency fiat currency. the fees the u.s. dollar fiat platform will approximately whereas the crypto fees will predominantly range between fees low for the larger contests the crypto platform possible aim least cheaper than the fiat costs. small pool size medium pool size large pool size limit fantasy sports fanduel(tm) draftkings(tm) fees fees fees figure ... fees charged for head head games small pool size medium pool size large pool size limit fantasy sports fanduel(tm) draftkings(tm) fees fees fees figure ... fees charged for guaranteed prize pool games copyright (c) limit fantasy sports llc accelerated verification access the complete capabilities our platforms, you simply need verify your email address. additionally, registrants are not barred from our platforms nationality. least one our platforms will suit your needs, even you reside region with legislation banning pay-to-play fantasy sports. verification time limit fantasy sports fanduel(tm) draftkings(tm) quick (email verification) lengthy (id, proof residence, etc.) lengthy (id, proof residence, etc.) figure verification length faster transactions because transactions are irreversibly confirmed the nlc blockchain within minute (half the block time) average, loading account with nolimitcoin from wallet withdrawing nlc wallet achieved almost instantly. believe that the benefits implementing blockchain technology will naturally attract users our platform they see and experience the benefits. limit fantasy sports withdrawal speed instant seconds) fanduel(tm) hours (paypal) days (by check) draftkings(tm) days (electronically) weeks (by check) figure withdrawal speeds fair play limit fantasy sports committed creating fantasy sports experience enjoyable all protecting players against computer algorithms making hundreds team entries. address this, users will limited certain amount entries per competition, rendering gameplay skill-based and organic. the amount entries will vary depending the size the contests reduce computer algorithms influence. the result this significantly higher chance winning our platforms. result, our players can experience fantasy sports they were meant played. copyright (c) limit fantasy sports llc our platforms fulfill the varying needs the vast global audience have created three separate fantasy sports platforms: limit fantasy sports (nlc platform): www.cryptofantasysports.com cost fantasy sports (free platform): www.nocostfantasysports.com overview our three fantasy sports platforms criteria limit fantasy sports cost fantasy sports platform accessibility full access limited sports available all sports all sports cryptocurrency required yes compatibility btc nlc fees rakes free rolls verification processes quick quick withdrawal speed instant seconds) instant seconds) payment method purpose nlc, visa, mastercard alipay (section improve efficiency fantasy sports expand awareness other (nlc) platforms ... limit fantasy sports (nlc platform) limit fantasy sports our main platform and only compatible with nlc cryptocurrency. using only the nlc coin our platform will rake the most benefits for our customers will increase the overall efficiency improving both the transaction speed and cost. members will enjoy all the advantages using nlc when they compete with their virtual teams. fiat currencies are currently not accepted this platform. cryptocurrency and online fantasy sports platforms are match made heaven. the ease movement the coin and the potential for value appreciation provides supercharged equation that leading mass participation. participation has come from both sides the spectrum. expect that unique player environment will arise from the blending cryptocurrency enthusiasts new fantasy sports and experienced fantasy sports players exposed cryptocurrencies for the first time. copyright (c) limit fantasy sports llc this our flagship product. will unite people sports contests from many corners the world. the draw our coin has enticed people play, learn and enjoy american football (nfl) from over countries. the other hand, people the usa that may never have had played fantasy soccer, now are common participants these contests. with all the sports will continuing add the platform, expect see this trend continue and expand participation massive scale section ... cost fantasy sports (free platform) this platform intended provide the complete fantasy sports experience players areas where pay-to-play fantasy sports restricted law, and those that wish play before they pay. this platform not considered gambling website because will only sponsor contests that are free join. these contests, known free-rolls, will reward winners with nlc payouts with the goal expanding awareness and use the coin. this platform will fully supported revenue. players wish familiarize themselves with fantasy sports before putting any money, recommend this platform great starting point. regulation compliance our dollar-based platform has recently received full kyc ("know your customer") certification well legal opinion certifying the legality the service the usa, both which are necessary steps partnering with payment processors. the level our certification equal those obtained fanduel(tm) and draftkings(tm). compliance with state laws related online fantasy sports wagering, not currently offer either our pay-to-play platforms the following u.s. states and territories october alabama, arizona, arkansas, colorado, delaware, florida, georgia, hawaii, idaho, illinois, indiana, iowa, louisiana, massachusetts, michigan, mississippi, missouri, montana, nevada, new hampshire, new york, north dakota, pennsylvania, tennessee, texas, vermont, virginia and washington and puerto rico. have started the legal process obtaining licenses operate arkansas, massachusetts, mississippi, missouri, new york, tennessee and vermont. for the time being, users restricted states and territories that wish participate can play and win nlc coins through our free rolls our nocostfantasysports.com platform. october members from all other countries can access our pay-to-play platforms. copyright (c) limit fantasy sports llc legal illegal processing figure ... the legality our platforms the united states sports offered our platforms will offer competitions the most popular sports the world including nfl, soccer, hockey, fantasy crypto, basketball, baseball, mma and cricket. within each sport, also plan implement various leagues. for example, october our football tournaments allow users choose players from the premier league (england), primera division (spain), mls (u.s.) and liga (mexico). copyright (c) limit fantasy sports llc rake poker also launched the world's first rake online poker platform, powered nolimitcoin (nlc). together with our brand ambassador johnny chan will attempt change the online poker industry offering rake poker for the very first time. the nolimitcoin poker platform fully web based with install files needed and has rake players get keep all their winnings. the platform provides for players all stake sizes, from micro high-stakes. our main goal creating demand for nolimitcoin (nlc) and offering premium experience for our users. our great partnership with experienced and tested poker platform allows offer our poker players rake, which absolute game changer. view more information www.nolimitcoinpoker.com copyright (c) limit fantasy sports llc nolimitcoin nolimitcoin, abbreviated nlc, efficient and secure cryptocurrency that has been developed for use our crypto fantasy sports platforms. however, the use nlc not exclusive only the fantasy sports industry. since the technical details this coin renders fast transactions low cost, even for cryptocurrency standards, are looking into partnerships and developing code that would allow nlc utilized payment token. nlc coin specifications algorithm block size block time pos rpc port port testnet rpc testnet port coins circulation* average yearly inflation wallet address public key shad pos minutes per annum lower than starts with "n" pubkey *as jan predecessor although the idea fantasy sports platform built blockchain technology was conceived the implementation has been refined through years work. the original nolimitcoin, abbreviated nlc, was created fork the bitcoin blockchain. like the currency bitcoin, nlc was generated through proof work ("pow") algorithm, under which miners confirmed transactions solving mathematical problems return for nlc. these mathematical problems required extensive computational power solve, however the value nlc suffered miners sold their coins cover their time, electricity and hardware costs. speed, security and low cost were the three main drivers for success the fantasy sports industry, novel approach was required upgrade our blockchain and methodology. copyright (c) limit fantasy sports llc the nlc blockchain the two aforementioned factors rendered nlc unviable option support our fantasy sports platforms. the nolimitcoin codebase was upgraded with subset the peercoin and bitcoin blockchains. confirm transactions, the nlc blockchain employs proof stake ("pos") algorithm which new coins are distributed pseudo-random fashion staking wallets. each wallet that stakes nlc rewarded for its role improving the strength, security and size the network. all staking wallets receive increase their balance yearly; new coins are distributed regular intervals depending the amount staked. since not all coins will staked, estimated that the supply nlc will increase annual rate between and from the initial supply million coins november the nlc blockchain has safeguards implemented against possible manipulation nefarious actors, with the pos algorithm being one them. the other system place the fact that the staking difficulty retargeted after each block. doing prevents wallets with large amounts nlc from unduly weighting the staking algorithm, creating fair and profitable reward system for investors nolimitcoin. designed service the millions potential fantasy sports players our platforms, the nlc blockchain one the most efficient available. transactions, which are propagated the network almost instantly, are confirmed rapidly, averaging seconds per block. single confirmation sufficient solidify the integrity transaction. lastly, the pos algorithm renders the blockchain extremely energy-efficient compared pow algorithms. nlc was designed currency for use our fantasy sports platform. the coin becomes more widely adopted and used, will investment grade coin. with its unique architecture, nlc can serve many other areas the economy including traditional merchants and online merchants any kind. copyright (c) limit fantasy sports llc how obtain nlc being able easily purchase coin vital importance order for coin grow its market capitalization. nearly all cryptocurrencies are bought through exchanges like coinbase, kraken, bitfinex, etc. only few cryptocurrencies can bought directly with fiat currency. nlc now joins the ranks these select few. cryptocurrency exchanges october nlc traded with bitcoin number cryptocurrency exchanges such bittrex, cryptopia, coinexchange, cryptobridge, nova and yobit. major gateway exchanges such gemini, kraken and coinbase, fiat currency (e.g. usd) used buy bitcoin via bank account transfer credit card. this can then exchanged for nlc one the aforementioned exchanges. figure the path from fiat currency nolimitcoin moreover, have partnered with coinpayments allow our members purchase nlc with bitcoin directly our main platform. order encourage participation competitions, free nlc coins gifted new members upon registration crypto fantasy sports. additionally, promote our crypto fantasy sport platforms, each competition held cost fantasy sports offers members the opportunity win free nlc. visa, mastercard alipay for the average person, one the biggest barriers entry the current blockchain market converting their fiat currency into cryptocurrency. due government regulations and other legal legislations, there are very few places where consumers can for these services. while there are websites available where you can buy coins directly from people your area, requires substantial amount effort and diligence for the average person and therefore they end opting for services such coinbase. coinbase without doubt one the most popular ways buying cryptocurrencies with fiat money, but even they have their limitations. besides the waiting periods for the verification copyright (c) limit fantasy sports llc process and high purchase fees, the main problem the small selection currencies available for purchase. currently, coinbase only supports the direct purchase and sale blockchain based assets: bitcoin, litecoin, and ethereum. when these assets were added the platform their values increased they became some the most easily accessible coins obtain. what this means that all the other cryptocurrencies have purchased first buying bitcoin from site like coinbase. they then have transfer their bitcoins separate cryptocurrency exchange buy their desired cryptocurrency. this far too unfriendly process for most people and many will simply give rather than put the effort learn the process. adding the option for nlc purchased directly off the limit fantasy sports platform with visa and mastercard, nlc joins select few coins that have barrier entry. this will not only huge for the adoption nlc, but also for cryptocurrency many fantasy sports players will directly introduced blockchain assets for the first time through nlc. addition, nlc can purchased from our platform via alipay.com which china's leading third-party online payment solution. with million active monthly users and million transactions per day, the platform the ideal vessel bring the chinese population billion easier access cryptocurrency. copyright (c) limit fantasy sports llc celebrity endorsement marketing major aspect our marketing campaign includes endorsements from high profile celebrities; johnny chan (professional poker player) has joined our team brand ambassador for nlc and joe theismann (nfl legendary quarterback) will running charity tournaments our platform. the combined fame and stature johnny chan and joe theismann and will help introduce limit fantasy sports and nlc the public and their fan base. joe theismann legendary professional football player and was the quarterback for the washington redskins for seasons, where was two-time all-pro and led the team consecutive super bowls, winning super bowl xvii. following his retirement from football theismann worked sportscaster and analyst pro football broadcasts with espn for nearly years joe theismann will used promote limit fantasy sports, playing his own feature competition for charity where players get the chance play joe theismann himself the platform. his fame and stature will tremendously increase the brand awareness nlc and will help bring attention the unique opportunity cryptocurrencies offers daily fantasy sports. his presence alone, tailgate parties, will and have been great addition nlc can seen this video. joe theismann will also spotlight our future fantasy shows. another great addition the nlc team johnny chan. professional poker legend, who has won world series poker bracelets. also won the and world series poker main events. because his world-famous status the poker world, johnny chan was featured himself the hollywood movie "rounders" and considered one the greatest poker players alive. limit fantasy sports will offer "johnny chan package" where players can win one four seats every six months play against johnny chan for and also offer freeroll win ticket the wsop world series poker main event. copyright (c) limit fantasy sports llc will also actively market our platforms across variety channels increase public exposure our services, which should logically correspond mass adoption our platforms and the growth the value nlc. our marketing strategy includes strong presence traditional social media sites such facebook, twitter and youtube well emerging blockchain ones, such steemit and somee.social. will target cryptocurrency enthusiasts advertising sites such bitcointalk and coinmarketcap. create brand awareness and grow our community, are also considering partnerships with other online gaming services. our members also play significant role raising awareness through word mouth and they are rewarded with share future profits through our affiliate program. additionally, plan partner with sports bars and sponsor tailgates across the globe raise awareness within the sports community. have budget for advertising and will creating awareness our platforms the united states during the nfl and nba seasons. copyright (c) limit fantasy sports llc conclusion the online fantasy sports industry growing like never before, with the number players doubling every seven years. there are million players the and canada this year. according fsta, the industry's estimated value will billion online fantasy sports platforms make most their revenue from the high entry fees deposits), high rake fees (%), and high withdrawal fees. they also reduce players' chances winning they compete against computers that are programmed perform the betting tasks more efficiently than humans do. addition, online fantasy sports platforms have strict regulations that are time consuming and cumbersome for the average player deal with. members are required follow complicated verification processes and wait days receive payments, which often can take longer. the verification processes prevent users who are not residents the country operations (e.g. usa) register and play, which limits player access the platform. the limit fantasy sports platform uses cryptocurrency nlc overcome those issues: global players are able register and compete. the contests are fair because players compete against each other and not against programmed computers, giving them better chance winning. the fees are lower than other online fantasy sports platforms, saving players lot more their winnings. finally, players can fund their accounts instantly using nlc without waiting for days for deposits credited. this allows user avoid the necessity for complicated and time-consuming verification processes. nlc value will increase over time due the supply and demand dynamics the market, well the thriving industry that awaiting revolutionary tech upgrade the blockchain. this offers players and investors massive earning and profit potential their holdings nlc grow with our market penetration, user base and integration with third party platforms across all facets the gaming industry. copyright (c) limit fantasy sports llc our core team founders rafael groswirt (ceo) telecom veteran for over years, rafael groswirt founded alliance payphone inc and developed software monitor and repair over payphones nationwide addition long distance services. his love for technology and sports led him develop and patent one the first automated poker tables featuring johnny chan one the partners: patent us/ nov lightning gaming(tm), inc. acquired poker automation, llc. nov limit fantasy sports, llc was formed and began introduce set new tools and games related fantasy sports. two years later, during the development the limit fantasy platform, the ideal pairing was created with the cryptocurrency, nolimitcoin. nlc was designed power fantasy sports platforms like ours and others. oscar peralta (co-founder limit fantasy sports and nolimitcoin) mr. peralta -year technology veteran who has raised over which invested gaming platforms and telecommunication companies. has worked with rafael groswirt for over years and shared successful exit with investment poker automation llc. mr. peralta arranged the capital needed grow limit fantasy sports and nlc coin project using his existing partnerships. copyright (c) limit fantasy sports llc brand ambassador johnny chan johnny chan chinese-american professional poker player. johnny chan holds immortalizing poker record that prognosticators say might never broken. won back-to-back world series poker main-event championships and and followed them with second-place finish considering the large fields the wsop recent years, will likely the last person ever win two main-event bracelets row. chan was inducted into the poker hall fame currently tied with doyle brunson for second-most wsop bracelets. has nearly million winnings and high-stakes cash-game player. limit fantasy sports will offer called "johnny chan package" where users can win one the four seats every six months play against johnny chan for $,. these spots can earned through daily fantasy sports and satellites. there will also playoff structure place take nlc players the world series poker main event las vegas june. the players will dinner the day before the event with johnny chan and can talk through tactics. they will all receive nlc branded gear with the hope one the nlc team members johnny chan himself will make the final table. copyright (c) limit fantasy sports llc charity tournament host joe theismann joseph theismann former professional nfl football player, sports commentator and corporate speaker. played quarterback the national football league (nfl) and canadian football league (cfl), achieving his most enduring fame seasons with the washington redskins, where was two-time pro bowler and helped the team consecutive super bowl appearances, winning super bowl xvii and losing super bowl xviii. was inducted into the college football hall fame following his retirement from football theismann worked sportscaster and analyst pro football broadcasts with espn for nearly years. joe theismann will used promote limit fantasy sports, playing his own feature competition for charity where users get the chance play joe theismann himself the platform. his fame and stature will tremendously increase the brand awareness nlc and will help bring attention the unique opportunity cryptocurrencies offers daily fantasy sports. his presence alone, tailgate parties, will and have been great addition nlc can seen this video. joe theismann will also spotlight our future fantasy shows and will host series charity tournaments our fantasy sports platform where all joe theismann's winnings from contests will donated charity. copyright (c) limit fantasy sports llc advisor will walker will walker financial consultant with years private equity experience who has raised over billion usd his life. deep into crypto mining and has raised for eth mining korea. also does weekly conferences financial shows money (the world's largest payments financial innovation event) and will speaking about nlc. there's shortage investment opportunities with small business owners, start-ups and existing businesses search venture capital and funding resources. unfortunately, finding the right, quality investment opportunities challenge for investors just much businesses find difficult locating experienced honest investors willing provide venture capital. for more than years will walker has helped match countless businesses seeking venture capital and angel funding experienced investors search emerging companies. will hands-on business advisor, working side side with entrepreneurs and business owners seeking take their business the next level. his mastery understanding what investors are looking for what has helped him consistently bring entrepreneurs and investors together and launch successful, high growth ventures. will internationally respected public speaker, trainer, business coach and successful entrepreneur. the founder walker group ventures, where advises entrepreneurs and business owners how prepare their business for funding and matching them with experienced and motivated funding sources including venture capital and angel investors. will's years experience financial consultant will pivotal part nlc's growth over the coming years. copyright (c) limit fantasy sports llc our team pranav zadafiya dharmesh bharodiya john hartman lead backend developer lead frontend/full stack developer advisor anthony yencken danny bonello drew graham community manager project strategist copywriter james stroud blockchain developer philly delorme jacque fux fantasy analyst expert business consultant contest director copyright (c) limit fantasy sports llc our team maarten keizer sunerok digital designer cryptography developer dotan yaish yoni tabac china business development business advisor copyright (c) limit fantasy sports llc contacts and sources contacts nolimitcoin website: https://nolimitcoin.org/ ii. nolimitcoin platform: www.cryptofantasysports.com iii. free platform: www.nocostfantasysports.com iv. nlc explorer: www.nolimitcoin.info slack: http://slack.nolimitcoin.org/ vi. telegram: https://t.me/nolimitcoinnlc vii. discord: https://discord.gg/bjmh viii. twitter: www.twitter.com/nolimitcoin ix. twitter: www.twitter.com/nlcdfs twitter: www.twitter.com/nlcpoker xi. linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/company// xii. instagram: https://www.instagram.com/nlcofficial/ xiii. email: support@nolimitcoin.org xiv. reddit: www.reddit.com/r/nolimitcoin xv. facebook: www.facebook.com/nolimitcoin xvi. steemit: www.steemit.com/@nlc xvii. ong.social: www.ong.social/nlc xviii. bitcointalk: www.bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=. xix. github: https://github.com/nolimitcoin/ sources fsta.org/research/industry-demographics fsta.org/fantasy-sports-participation-grows-dramatically-hits-new-milestone-reaching-nearly-million-in-u-s-and-canada fsta.org/press-release-fantasy-sports-now-a--billion-industry www.legalsportsreport.com//european-daily-fantasy-sports-growth www.isaacfaber.com/thoughts////the-enormous-growth-of-fantasy-sports-thanks-todaily-markets www.rotogrinders.com/articles/bang-for-your-buck-a-look-at-dfs-industry-rake- fanduel.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/ www.draftkings.com/help/faq www.nytimes.com////magazine/how-the-daily-fantasy-sports-industry-turns-fans-intosuckers.html www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/--/you-aren-t-good-enough-to-win-money-playingdaily-fantasy-football www.nytimes.com////sports/football/draftkings-fanduel-new-york-attorney-generalinjunction.html www.sportsbusinessdaily.com/journal/issues////opinion/from-the-field-of-fantasysports.aspx www.mostpopularsports.net/in-the-world https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joe_theismann https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/johnny_chan https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/unlawful_internet_gambling_enforcement_act_of_ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fantasy_football_(american) copyright (c) limit fantasy sports llc disclaimer this document technical whitepaper setting out the current and future developments limit fantasy sports llc. this paper for information purposes only and not statement future intent. limit fantasy sports makes warranties representations the successful development implementation such technologies and innovations, achievement any other activities noted the paper, and disclaims any warranties implied law otherwise, the extent permitted law. person entitled rely the contents this paper any inferences drawn from it, including relation any interactions with limit fantasy sports the technologies mentioned this paper. limit fantasy sports disclaims all liability for any loss damage whatsoever kind (whether foreseeable not) which may arise from any person acting any information and opinions relating limit fantasy sports the limit fantasy sports platform contained this paper any information which made available connection with any further enquiries, notwithstanding any negligence, default lack care. the information contained this publication derived from data obtained from sources believed limit fantasy sports reliable and given good faith, but warranties guarantees, representations are made limit fantasy sports with regard the accuracy, completeness suitability the information presented. should not relied upon, and shall not confer rights remedies upon, you any your employees, creditors, holders securities other equity holders any other person. any opinions expressed reflect the current judgment the authors this paper and not necessarily represent the opinion limit fantasy sports. the opinions reflected herein may change without notice and the opinions not necessarily correspond the opinions limit fantasy sports. limit fantasy sports does not have obligation amend, modify update this paper otherwise notify reader recipient thereof the event that any matter stated herein, any opinion, projection, forecast estimate set forth herein, changes subsequently becomes inaccurate. limit fantasy sports, its directors, employees, contractors and representatives not have any responsibility liability any person recipient (whether reason negligence, negligent misstatement otherwise) arising from any statement, opinion information, expressed implied, arising out of, contained derived from omission from this paper. neither limit fantasy sports nor its advisors have independently verified any the information, including the forecasts, prospects and projections contained this paper. each recipient rely solely its own knowledge, investigation, judgment and assessment the matters which are the subject this report and any information which made available connection with any further enquiries and satisfy itself the accuracy and completeness such matters. whilst every effort made ensure that statements facts made this paper are accurate, all estimates, projections, forecasts, prospects, expressions opinion and other subjective judgments contained this paper are based assumptions considered reasonable the date the document which they are contained and must not construed representation that the matters referred therein will occur. any plans, projections forecasts mentioned this paper may not achieved due multiple risk factors including without limitation defects technology developments, legal regulatory exposure, market volatility, sector volatility, corporate actions, the unavailability complete and accurate information. limit fantasy sports may provide hyperlinks websites entities mentioned this paper, however the inclusion link does not imply that limit fantasy sports endorses, recommends approves any material the linked page accessible from it. such linked websites are accessed entirely your own risk. limit fantasy sports does not accept responsibility whatsoever for any such material, nor for consequences its use. copyright (c) limit fantasy sports llc this paper not directed to, intended for distribution use by, any person entity who citizen resident located any state, country other jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availability use would contrary law regulation. this communication shall not constitute offer sell the solicitation offer buy cryptocurrency nor shall there any sale any state which such solicitation sale would unlawful prior registration qualification under the laws any such state. every user responsible check local laws determine how cryptocurrency defined. nolimitcoin, crypto currency that trades publicly multiple exchanges, may fluctuate value significantly and the acquirer acknowledges the risk involved partial even total loss value. cryptocurrency digital medium exchange that uses encryption secure the processes involved generating units and conducting transactions. cryptocurrencies are subset digital currencies and, such, have physical representation. they may used for online in-person transactions with any vendors who accept them. in-person transactions using cryptocurrencies are typically conducted through mobile payment from digital wallet. there are hundreds cryptocurrencies around the world. among them, bitcoin the most prominent example fact, other cryptocurrencies are sometimes referred altcoins, alternatives bitcoin. the bitcoin protocol enables peer-to-peer (pp) exchange decentralized system that, unlike conventional currencies, not associated with any financial institution government. bitcoin-to-bitcoin transactions are conducted through anonymous, heavily encrypted hash codes across peer-to-peer network. each user's digital wallet maintains their bitcoins. the wallet also stores all addresses the user sends and receives bitcoins from, along with private key known only the user. the network monitors and verifies bitcoin transfers. other cryptocurrencies include litecoin, ethereum, and nolimitcoin/nlc. this document contains certain financial projections. these financial projections relate future performance and reflect our views the date this document and are subject known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause future results, performance achievements differ materially from those expected. the company makes guarantee such projections can met time the level that has been prognosticate. the investment cryptocurrency can lead loss money over short even long periods. the investors should expect prices have large range fluctuations. the information published the website cannot guarantee that the investors would not lose money. the users the website are solely responsible determinate what, any, taxes apply their bitcoin transactions. the owners of, contributors to, the website are not responsible for determining the taxes that apply bitcoin transactions. the financial projections were prepared management assist with planning and operational decision making well targets based various scenarios. the financial projections have been included this document tool make informed decision regarding the subject matter this document and readers are cautioned that the financial projections may change and vary either direction. actual results could vary for many different factors either our control out our control. all readers must undertake their own research. investment ncl does not constitute ownership shares limit fantasy sports llc. nlc not securities investment, rather token used access and participate fantasy sports games owned and operated limit fantasy sports llc. this material released under the creative commons attribution-share-alike license copyright (c) limit fantasy sports llc limit fantasy sports foothill blvd verne, limit fantasy sports properties: cryptofantasysports.com nlc platform nocostfantasysports.com free platform copyright (c) limit fantasy sports llc