white paper login simply all biometric: passwords. and using your logins track you. control your data keep yourself protect your one sees not even pay securely without storing sharing your data verify moments prove you're you trust network only trusted people and businesses take back control your data nuggets e-commerce payments and platform. stores your personal and payment data securely the blockchain, you never have share with anyone not even nuggets. that means more data breaches because companies don't have store your data. you can use services and make payments without worrying about your privacy and security. take part the token sale and find out more telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain take part the token sale and find out more telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain copyright (c) october nuggets tokens ltd all rights reserved page contents introduction nuggets enables people take back control their data personal data abused and risk security personal data trust transactions eroded manually updating locations passwords are not fit for purpose solving the privacy crisis perfect storm. ideal opportunity our vision: take back control your data how nuggets works the fundamentals for consumers nuggets and shopping online email and communication channel protection consumer benefits business benefits user onboarding process technology biometrics private key storage key recovery data encryption blockchain token ecosystem nuggets tokens building nuggets tokens value your information using nuggets tokens how consumers will able use nuggets tokens how merchants will able use nuggets tokens charity earning nuggets tokens for sharing data take part the token sale and find out more telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain copyright (c) october nuggets tokens ltd all rights reserved page contents launch strategy and audiences building user loyalty and organic growth right-time, performance marketing business: banks, card schemes, retailers and their user bases partnership criteria nuggets will distributed through four main sources: consumers token sale funding purchasing nuggets tokens overview this offering development roadmap key development milestones for nuggets features, initial and future releases nuggets product features expected roadmap the team founder and ceo alastair johnson co-founder and coo seema khinda johnson acting cto adi ben-ari payments fraud diarmuid considine customer experience mark nichols financial services steve castle fca cfo robert seok cmo andrew amadeo conclusion legal notices take part the token sale and find out more telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain copyright (c) october nuggets tokens ltd all rights reserved page introduction nuggets enables people take back control their data nuggets consumer blockchain platform with the power revolutionise payment, privacy and security. puts personal data back control individuals, enabling 'self-sovereign identity' mass scale. and solves the biggest single headache for businesses: data security. nuggets was inspired its founder's personal experience having his payment details used fraudulently and the complicated, frustrating process that ensued. nuggets solves this problem, using zero knowledge storage, encryption, privacy, security and trust, all combined with the immutable ledger that's decentralised. this creates entirely new, blockchain-enabled platform for making simple e-commerce payments without having sacrifice control their personal data. this consumer platform that everyone will use every day, make trusted transactions with one simple, biometric verification. those transactions well beyond payments. nuggets also enables secure login, verification and courier deliveries with many other applications and opportunities the pipeline. nuggets solves range related critical issues for consumers and business alike: personal data abused and risk merchant and business databases are prime targets for breaches personal data routinely used and abused businesses security personal data stolen payment card details stolen identity information trust transactions eroded trust consumers and retailers alike manually updating locations replacing expired credit cards adding new payment cards changing address details passwords are not fit for purpose dozens sites dozens vulnerable passwords hard remember and manage many people stick the same one take part the token sale and find out more telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain copyright (c) october nuggets tokens ltd all rights reserved page well solving these problems, nuggets also the key unlocking the vast potential e-commerce which growing explosively across the globe. worldwide e-retail sales amounted trillion usd dollars. those revenues are projected grow over trillion usd. (source: emarketer.com) the same time, the global mobile payments market set double between and from billion usd over billion usd. (source: ovum mobile) mobile platform, nuggets connects directly into this vibrant market. enables and secures payments using the most popular forms online payment: credit cards and debit cards (source: cigi-ipsos global survey) well offering value-add for popular digital payment systems like android pay, which can include nuggets payment option instead payment card. nuggets also enables payment cryptocurrency. any online purchaser potential nuggets user. from the dad with his little black book passwords, the individual who enjoys retail therapy but has the same password for everything. and these purchasers range across every age group. (source: office for national statistics (uk)) blockchain platform built protect their data, nuggets solves online consumers' most pressing worry. survey, the primary concern about online purchasing was the potential theft personal data. (source: international) solving that worry not only good news for consumers. for merchants, also has the potential unlock many more transactions. nuggets also makes transactions simpler another key boosting sales. many online transactions never happen due overly complicated processes, forms and payments (source: digital commerce nuggets users can pay with one simple biometric verification. that will unlock huge numbers otherwise abandoned baskets. nuggets achieves these many benefits using blockchain technology revolutionise the way personal data handled. the simple proposition consumers that you can use all the services you love, without having share store your personal data with anyone. instead, "nuggets" personal data are encrypted zero knowledge storage, blockchain. this means that not even nuggets itself can access your data, and whenever possible none your information shared. when you decide share it, the platform shares the minimum required for the transaction. these "nuggets" also have value. the more you use the service, the more nuggets tokens you'll accrue pay for products and services. you'll also gain tokens you choose share data finally putting real value your personal information. transactions are encrypted, and use immutable ledger with inherent trust principles, validate trust transactions with both consumer and merchant. take part the token sale and find out more telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain copyright (c) october nuggets tokens ltd all rights reserved page for consumers, nuggets single, secure sign-on for payment, login and verification, with tracking and selling your activity. access purely through biometrics: more usernames passwords. and you need update your details, you only have once, nuggets. for businesses, means the end vast, vulnerable databases customer data, minimising the risk regulatory and reputational issues. and will hugely reduce losses from fraud, false positives and fraudulent charge backs, and increase revenue. the nuggets platform agnostic, and will available across e-commerce platforms and payment gateways. can even used existing payment platforms: instead entering existing payment method, you could select "nuggets" option. nuggets are best-in-class team. the founders are former global directors skype and microsoft, backed best-in-class blockchain development team. nuggets has already been selected the financial conduct authority (fca) for project innovate, and now testing with consumers the regulatory sandbox. take part the token sale and find out more telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain copyright (c) october nuggets tokens ltd all rights reserved page solving the privacy crisis these days, the average person has sensitive personal data emails, payment card details, home addresses, passwords stored with over online accounts. and that's set double the next five years. the same time, there are almost daily reports data hacks and breaches, often involving millions sensitive customer records. earlier this year, for example, credit monitoring firm equifax made news around the globe after hackers stole the personal details million americans almost half the population. these details included social security numbers and birth dates: invaluable information for identity fraud. equifax admitted that records had also been illegally accessed the same incident. this devastating breach just one the more high-profile cases trend that has been growing almost exponentially year year. digital security firm gemalto reports that 'since over nine billion records have been lost, stolen compromised.' gemalto also discovered that over billion records have been compromised the first half alone. (source: gemalto) even the securities exchange commission has had admit that hack from still affecting its operations. (source: npr) "we've lost control our personal data," wrote the web's inventor, tim berners-lee march and the fact is, none the existing 'solutions' are any good. may barclays ceo ashok vaswani acknowledged the growing "digital safety gap" between the innovations cyber criminals and consumer security measures. but his advice consumers change passwords regularly clearly inadequate. even everyone could remember continually update their passwords across more than accounts, impossible fully confident that those services are secure. how can we, when even large, established brands like equifax and yahoo, well governmental bodies like the sec, have proven vulnerable? and breach just one account compromises all them. given how dependent are all becoming online services and transactions, this urgent and growing issue for consumers. it's also huge risk business. regulation tougher than ever. starting may general data protection regulation (gdpr) demands data minimisation, and allows for much harsher penalties than the current data protection act. fines can run annual global turnover, eur million whichever greater. the federal trade commission act u.s.c ssss-) federal consumer protection law that permits the federal trade commission bring legal actions against organizations that have violated consumers' privacy rights, misled them failing maintain security for sensitive consumer information. the reputational damage could even more serious. how does business win back trust after compromising millions consumers' personal data? identity theft and card fraud are major factors, too. card and identity fraud cost billion the alone. losses and revenue passed due false positives genuine transactions mis-identified fraud totalled billion. short, have rapidly escalating crisis online payment, privacy and security, affecting consumers and businesses alike. but one has come with single, comprehensive solution, simple enough for consumers use and yet powerful enough address the overwhelming cyber security challenge. now, however, the founders and team behind nuggets believe they have developed just such solution: consumerfriendly platform that will fundamentally transform the way all interact and transact with online services. take part the token sale and find out more telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain copyright (c) october nuggets tokens ltd all rights reserved page perfect storm. ideal opportunity data security critical state. hacks and data breaches have compromised billions personal records alone. sometimes single incident. fraud and 'false positive' card declines cost companies millions lost revenue and passed revenue. regulations are tougher than ever, with the upcoming introduction general data protection regulation (gdpr) and the federal trade commission act u.s.c. ssss-), among others. the average user has online accounts and that's set double five years. we'll all have biometrics our smartphones the end technological advances. ethereum blockchain, zero knowledge storage and the immutable ledger make solution possible. nuggets that solution. take part the token sale and find out more telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain copyright (c) october nuggets tokens ltd all rights reserved page our vision: take back control your data with nuggets, anyone can take back control their data. instead handing over payment and personal information, each individual can choose and when share data and only their own terms. nuggets returns power the people. and also liberates companies from the burden trying manage and secure huge data silos. atomising those silos, can remove the biggest challenge facing companies today: cyber security. take part the token sale and find out more telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain copyright (c) october nuggets tokens ltd all rights reserved page how nuggets works instead handing sensitive personal information companies, store vulnerable databases, nuggets encrypts personal information zero knowledge storage blockchain. that zero knowledge storage essential nuggets. the user the only person who can access the encrypted data there 'backdoor' through which third parties could access users' information. compare this most modern storage systems, where there usually root-level admin access, which could compromised. this gives each user personal cloud data that one can access not even nuggets itself. and the 'nuggets' data you store take genuine value through nuggets tokens, which you can accrue for use with product and services. the user's nuggets tokens are recorded dashboard the product. nuggets tokens offer both valuable reward for consumers, and powerful commercial tool for merchants. merchants can offer nuggets tokens incentive for purchasing products. users get nuggets tokens free for various actions, they can effectively get discount when paying merchant using those nuggets tokens. using nuggets tokens also direct transaction. this massively reduces the merchant's costs, which means they can offer discounts for customers paying nuggets tokens. for consumers, nuggets tokens offer much more versatility than conventional reward retailer loyalty points, nuggets tokens can used anywhere the nuggets ecosystem. for example, the tokens you receive for using service might towards clothes from online store, supermarket delivery. that makes the original incentive especially appealing: imagine using your air miles with any flight company even for new coat. all nuggets transactions are encrypted and stored immutable ledger with inherent trust principles, which validate trust both the consumer and the merchant. every successful transaction stored transparent manner without revealing the contents the context through the use privacy framework. over time, this builds trust profile that shows the user good actor the network and that their payment methods are good. the retailer also has demonstrate that they are good actor the network too. business terms, nuggets will generate revenue from day one, through small retailer transaction fee (payable tokens) and revenue share (payable fees) savings made merchants. the token sale will enable nuggets operate until turns profit. small percentage the transaction fee also goes the retailer's consumer's choice charity. bank take part the token sale and find out more telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain copyright (c) october nuggets tokens ltd all rights reserved page the fundamentals for consumers nuggets personal data that only you own and control are encrypted zero knowledge storage blockchain. transactions are encrypted, and use immutable ledger with inherent trust principles, validate trust both consumer and retailer. get nuggets tokens when you sign up, refer, pay, login verify and you choose share information. use nuggets tokens purchase products and use the services you love. nuggets tokens put genuine value your information, which you can use for products and services. take part the token sale and find out more telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain copyright (c) october nuggets tokens ltd all rights reserved page nuggets and shopping online shopping online simpler and safer with nuggets. once you've chosen your items, you just choose the nuggets option checkout. this effectively logs you in, and the site pings your nuggets app that you can verify the transaction with your biometrics. that completes the payment, and your package the way. you don't have give your address (unless you wish to): send gps location the courier company. accept the package, you simply confirm your identity when the courier pings your nuggets app upon delivery. you're not around when they arrive, you can leave unique code for the driver. they can use show they arrived, and tell you the next steps. you can use give them alternative arrangements. much has been said about how blockchain can used for shipping and deliveries. with nuggets, the consumer control. you know where the package not just where the courier says is. everything fully transparent, and you can also feed back the supplier and courier transparent, yet private, manner. it's private people logistics. importantly, while nuggets keeps user data private, retailers will able track behavioural data individual level. they can still personalise experiences useful ways for the individual without needing access individual's personal data. this greatly reduces the potential for misuse that data. nuggets users can also choose share personal data with merchants return for, say, discounts offers. for example, user could choose share their personal email return for receiving news discounts, sales, etc. email and communication channel protection most merchants require email communications for invoices and communications. but nuggets all about keeping your personal information private. create unique email use with each merchant, which then route back your normal email keep things simple. what that means that that merchant hacked, the email address passed on, would blacklisted from any other source other than the specified merchant. it's useless anyone else. and one steals sells useless information. take part the token sale and find out more telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain copyright (c) october nuggets tokens ltd all rights reserved page e-store e-store user select product checkout with verify payment with verify delivery using (using your prefered payment method) biometric app biometric app code sticker consumer benefits uncontrolled storing sharing your data but still use the services you love. privacy and security assured leveraging the blockchain and data encryption. payment with existing methods and crypto currency including credit and debit cards. single sign-on, without tracking and selling your activity. biometric access: simple and secure. passwords, social engineering, hijacking phone accounts. update everything once, instead dozens services individually. rewards for loyalty and referrals, which you can spend with any merchant the ecosystem, well charitable benefits. business benefits reduce fraud billion has been lost card and identity fraud the us. reduce false positives billion has been lost passed the through false positives. reduce fraudulent charge backs these currently make retail fraud losses. more transactions thanks greater peace mind from trusted and verified transactions. minimise regulatory exposure massively reducing data silos means less risk non-compliance with upcoming general data protection regulation (gdpr) and the federal trade commission act u.s.c. ssss-) (ftc act). customize experiences using anonymous behavioural data offer the services users want, without compromising their privacy and security. offer nuggets tokens incentives nuggets tokens will valuable and attractive form incentive, users can spend them with any merchant the ecosystem. take part the token sale and find out more telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain copyright (c) october nuggets tokens ltd all rights reserved page user onboarding process nuggets simple for consumers sign for and use: critical feature ensuring the platform's success. once user has signed the platform, transactions become simple selecting "nuggets" (like any other payment service) and supplying biometrics the app. usernames, passwords, data type in. watch video the process. onboarding simple, one-off process: sign using biometrics (no usernames passwords) provide photo take selfie, which compared the photo for verification add payment method, and enter the security code tap validate this process verifies the consumer trusted nuggets user. retailers know they can trust that user's transactions and that trust profile becomes stronger with every successful transaction. but retailers never have store the user's information. nuggets acts validated proof the person, their identity and their payment method. this also covers the merchant's requirement for know your customer (kyc), but without storing revealing private information third parties. customer services phone call, the agent can choose the nuggets option verify the user's identity. their system pings the app, and the user confirms their identity with biometrics. again, there are security questions work through; need work out the fourth, sixth and eleventh characters password. nuggets also spares users the laborious task updating dozens separate services with new details such new address payment card. instead, simply updating nuggets itself effectively updates everything. take part the token sale and find out more telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain copyright (c) october nuggets tokens ltd all rights reserved page technology nuggets' technology split into three distinct layers: biometrics: confirms user identity (without storing) data encryption: keeps data private blockchain: stores encrypted data tamper-proof form combining these technologies allows more control than central corporate server the user's device. biometrics allow nuggets verify the user their device, without retaining the required data outside the device. the nuggets software enables the device used this way, and the encryption itself done the user's device. that means the user sole control who can decrypt the data. finally, blockchain ensures that are not dependent any one entity (including nuggets itself) for storing maintaining the integrity the data which means they also can't compromise it. one the core principles nuggets future-proofing. practical terms, this means that have designed solution that works today, but are also fully aware that all three areas nuggets' technology (biometrics, encryption and blockchain) are evolving rapidly, are ready adapt the platform they so. biometrics for example, biometrics checks can plugged into our system. our devices, and the biometrics checks they provide, become more sophisticated and reliable, nuggets can improve and utilise these secure its underlying transactions. today, use biometrics for multi-angle face scan combined with document forensic scan and ocr (optical character recognition) for initial kyc. the user then uses on-device biometrics, such fingerprint scan and facial recognition for subsequent authorisations. more sophisticated techniques, including vein matching, are developed and become more reliable, these can incorporated the overall nuggets solution. once the kyc checks are complete nuggets, biometrics will only ever stored the user's device for native biometrics authentication. private key storage the user identity nuggets underpinned the private key stored device. this private key will stored hardware secure enclave (hse) devices operating systems where this provided the manufacturer. the hse provides hardware secure storage controlled native biometrics, ensuring that the nuggets private key cannot compromised any software (such malware, rogue apps, etc) the user's device. key recovery user has replace their device (if it's lost, stolen, repaired upgraded, etc), nuggets provide secure key recovery solution. this allows the user recover their key securely. nuggets cannot create new private key. keys are generated and managed outside the blockchain, and are therefore agnostic the underlying blockchain platform. take part the token sale and find out more telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain copyright (c) october nuggets tokens ltd all rights reserved page data encryption nuggets encrypts all the user's personal data their own device before it's sent the blockchain. that means the encryption/decryption occurs outside the blockchain, it's agnostic the underlying blockchain platform. data only available for decryption those parties (keys) specified the user. during ecommerce purchase, for example, merchant cannot decrypt user's credit cards details only card payment processor has access the secure emv card token. similarly, the merchant's key does not give them access the consumer's delivery location. that only available the key belonging the courier, and ideally sent the form gps coordinates rather than plain text address. this way, nuggets information are isolated and only shared required and permissioned the user. the system dynamically generates and shares encryption decryption keys. the anonymity this provides, combined with zero knowledge storage and privacy network, lays the foundation for gdpr compliance blockchain solution. encryption techniques are evolving particular with advances quantum computing, homomorphic encryption and zero knowledge proofs (zksnarks). while these technologies are still nascent, and many cases not yet ready for mass market adoption, already include them our research, ensure that nuggets engineered way that will allow include and adopt them they mature. for example, quantum proof encryption algorithms become available, will look use these underpin personal data storage. similarly, homomorphic encryption and zksnarks mature, will look provide independent integrity checks the data our smart contracts, without revealing the underlying data. take part the token sale and find out more telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain copyright (c) october nuggets tokens ltd all rights reserved page blockchain the blockchain nuggets used ensure that the underlying storage the nuggets information not controlled and cannot removed/destroyed any one party. the blockchain also provides platform for the nuggets token. nuggets issuing erc-/ token the ethereum public blockchain network power the underlying transactions. ethereum has always been the platform choice for nuggets, although the data storage architecture place evolve future versions ethereum, any other blockchain platform, scalability improvements are made. avoid undue load the current public ethereum network, data storage aspects the nuggets solution will initially hosted private consortium sidechain channel. nodes will distributed set independent partners the nuggets ecosystem. each node will hold copy the data, but that data will not accessible anyone but the user, thanks the encryption. all users will have visibility transparency ledger integrity, and the side chain /channel will pegged the public ethereum network. the public blockchain becomes more scalable, and/or improved scalability options become available (e.g. polkadot, raiden channels sharding), nuggets will look adopt these provide more trustless solution. ipfs may used alongside ethereum later stage for larger data document storage. encryption/decryption data stored ipfs will handled using exactly the same mechanisms for data stored the smart contracts, with full control their data the decentralised platform provided the user. take part the token sale and find out more telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain copyright (c) october nuggets tokens ltd all rights reserved page token ecosystem nuggets tokens its heart, nuggets tokenized system. nuggets user will accrue nuggets tokens (nug) from day one, downloading the app and using the platform various ways. building nuggets tokens users will receive nuggets tokens reward when they sign up, refer someone, nuggets, log in, make payment verify their id. they will also receive nuggets tokens they choose share certain "nuggets" their private data. value your information currently, users routinely give away their valuable information dozens companies, return for using the services they loved. but nuggets tokens will put real value that information, reflecting the enormous value has companies. using nuggets tokens consumers can use their nuggets tokens buy physical and digital products and services from nuggets-enabled merchants. nuggets tokens have genuine value. how consumers will able use nuggets tokens products: pay for physical and digital products from e-commerce stores part-payment for products from e-commerce stores pay for subscriptions services: transport utilities communications how merchants will able use nuggets tokens products: pre-pay for nuggets service services: pay transaction fees for payments fulfilled through nuggets pay for customer login services pay for customer verification pay for future nuggets services take part the token sale and find out more telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain copyright (c) october nuggets tokens ltd all rights reserved page charity nuggets will give part each transaction fee charity. any time, users can also use nuggets tokens donate list charities selected nuggets. earning nuggets tokens for sharing data users will also able earn nuggets tokens from merchants sharing personal data with those merchants. for example, user might share their email address with merchant (with the option the right forgotten) return for discount and nuggets tokens. the user might share their first name, chosen representative name, receive communications like sale notices, return for nuggets tokens from the merchant. user continues use the platform, they build more and more "nuggets" information their profile, all securely protected zero knowledge storage. nuggets gradually becomes more powerful either being able provide data the user chooses share without the user having re-enter it, validating user's identity with more services through the trust network. users win both ways. nuggets can validate the user's identity through the trust network, there's need for the user share any data with merchant. or, user chooses share data, the user will rewarded with nuggets tokens, which can used buy products and services. take part the token sale and find out more telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain copyright (c) october nuggets tokens ltd all rights reserved page merchant social posts social referral sign merchant merchant pays transaction fees with nuggets pay with nuggets existing payment methods referred get nuggets nuggets for signing sign user signing nuggets gets nuggets user gets nuggets for referal sign user gets nuggets for referral referal single sign verified identification good payment each user who refers gets nuggets. each sign-up from referral earns the referred and referrer nuggets each user using single sign gets nuggets each user who verifies their communication gets nuggets each user making good payment gets nuggets nugget values only suggestion. actual value confirmed take part the token sale and find out more telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain copyright (c) october nuggets tokens ltd all rights reserved page launch strategy and audiences the nuggets platform will launch the and and china many the merchant and payment partners involved the launch are global players, and nuggets also exploring new partnerships other markets. recent successes the digital payments space show that, even this busy and maturing market, any platform offering genuinely simpler, faster, friendlier way pay can gain considerable consumer traction. the commercial offer potential partners equally compelling. nuggets promises add significant value existing market players, rather than simply competing with them. many such businesses have already recognised the potential the platform, and nuggets teams are discussions with major global banks, merchants and payment services. several cases, these discussions include formulating joint go-to-market strategies. nuggets has two key audiences: consumers this busy and confusing market. nuggets will the game-changer that offers the combination trust and ease that consumers crave. nuggets not only makes individual transactions simpler, transforms the whole experience managing and using personal data online. consumers will not need any understanding the complex technology involved appreciate the leap forward nuggets offers simplicity and security. are launching nuggets the adult market: those aged and will segment that audience attitudinally, rather than age: those concerned about online privacy and security those who want pay online simply those who want simplify their online identity launch, will focus this further, concentrate the launch partners' customer bases. organic growth through user referral drive adoption, early nuggets users will rewarded with nuggets tokens when they download the product, refer friends and use nuggets pay, login verify their with retailers and service providers. this will help nuggets create strong relationships with its users from day one. rewarding users ensures they feel valued, and see the value nuggets. and referral authentic way building brand awareness and positive reputation. the more user uses nuggets and refers friends and family, the more nuggets tokens they accrue and can use for products and services. take part the token sale and find out more telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain copyright (c) october nuggets tokens ltd all rights reserved page building user loyalty and organic growth the nuggets community program will underpin all communications. this programme will focus forging real and strong relationships with our audience and partner audiences, encourage them product developers and brand evangelists, spreading the word and bringing their friends and family. this will supported key influencers advocating key product features drive their audiences nuggets. right-time, performance marketing will run mobile-first, paid media plan targeting payment providers and retail partners, well tech-savvy customers. will lead with relevant and informative content marketing strategy, fuel social conversation and conversion. business: banks, card schemes, and retailers and their user bases will launch with universally trusted, frequently-used payment providers and retail partners including those with history data breaches that need recover trust with their user base. these brands are journey transformation, they proactively address the data security crisis and aim reduce fraud, the same time offering more efficient tools for their consumers. the more partners sign up, more users can convert into nuggets users. we'll use the member-get-member and sign-up incentives described earlier drive customer conversion launch. take part the token sale and find out more telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain copyright (c) october nuggets tokens ltd all rights reserved page partnership criteria partnership objectives engage market leaders/ catalyst for change who will influence other partners integrate with nuggets launch partners criteria large web app-based audience the uk, us, global frequent customer purchase rate mobile-first user base frequent customer purchase rate mobile-first user base increase frequency use per current user post launch attract new users least part-shared audience with launch partners (increase frequency use offering more opportunities for the user) large web-based audience with growing mobile base the uk, and other markets regular customer purchase rate history hacking fraud nuggets will distributed through four main sources: for consumers: through apps the google play store for android devices the app store for ios devices for business: through apis banks and card schemes partner retailer sites: alongside current payment methods take part the token sale and find out more telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain copyright (c) october nuggets tokens ltd all rights reserved page token sale funding once the platform launched, the ecosystem will focus primarily creating network effect amongst retailers and users, and attracting more participants the platform. that end, nuggets intends sell all nuggets tokens (nug) during its pre-sale and public nuggets token sale fund platform development, partnerships, platform launch and commercialization nuggets. any unsold tokens the will burnt after the public sale. nuggets intends reserve another the nuggets tokens for post token sale supplier and administrative costs. nuggets will hold trust tokens which will locked for minimum years and used for the continued commercialisation nuggets. nuggets intends set aside all nuggets tokens incentives, and for use the ecosystem. nuggets intends keep nuggets tokens long-term project contingency reserves with one-year lock up, and for nuggets employees with two-year lock up, and vesting after one year. some early retail adopters may receive nuggets tokens, pay some fees and capitalise the network effect the ecosystem grows. nuggets will control such distribution protect the economics the ecosystem. nuggets will also release proportion nuggets "team tokens" existing employees and consultants and and when new members join the team. "project reserves/contingency tokens" are long-term reserves with one-year lock up. there intention releasing these onto the market one go. they will released and when required controlled manner that benefits the ecosystem whole. final the total nuggets tokens will used cover legal, regulatory and miscellaneous costs leading launch each market. these will sold and when required cover service provider expenses. take part the token sale and find out more telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain copyright (c) october nuggets tokens ltd all rights reserved page purchasing nuggets tokens buyers will able purchase nuggets tokens with btc, eth and usd. this open non-us residents. the pre-sale has minimum purchase purchasing with usd, minimum for btc eth purchases and maximum purchase. the nuggets tokens will allocated the token sale. tokens will available for discount the presale. the public sale scheduled start june the token sale will hard capped total raise eth. have allocated eth's worth tokens for the public token sale which will run for days for until maximum number tokens has been sold, whichever sooner. the proceeds from the token sale will fund continued platform development, partnerships, launch and commercialization nuggets. take part the token sale and find out more telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain copyright (c) october nuggets tokens ltd all rights reserved page overview this offering nug token erc smart contract for use unit account and means exchange between consumers and retailers the nuggets platform tokens offered total, nuggets will issue billion nuggets tokens launch, with billion sold the pre-sale and public sale. tokens will available discount the pre-sale. the token sale will hard capped total raise eth. price per unit usd per nug token the pre-sale and usd per nug token the public sale currencies accepted btc, eth and usd. subscribers for nug tokens using usd must purchase minimum nug tokens pre-sale minimum purchase purchasing with usd, minimum for btc eth purchases public sale commencing june minimum purchase purchasing with usd, minimum for btc eth purchases take part the token sale and find out more telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain copyright (c) october nuggets tokens ltd all rights reserved page roadmaps key token sale milestones for nuggets key development milestones for nuggets take part the token sale and find out more telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain copyright (c) october nuggets tokens ltd all rights reserved page features, initial and future releases nuggets product features expected roadmap features launch post launch secure payments reduced card fraud reduction false positives prevent fraudulent chargebacks passwords all biometrics trusted reputation model own and control your identity (zero knowledge storage) single sign-on platform and device agnostic rewards for referral and loyalty, and charitable benefits protects email identity cryptocurrency verify for customer services nfc virtual credit shipping location direct courier integrate with existing payment tools such android pay take part the token sale and find out more telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain copyright (c) october nuggets tokens ltd all rights reserved page the team nuggets led two highly experienced founders, who have gathered passionate, expert team specialists. founder and ceo alastair johnson alastair has spent over years entrepreneur and innovator, almost entirely digital innovation: taking big ideas and design through delivery. with deep knowledge across technical, production and commercial areas, has led global integrated product development and product marketing for brands like microsoft, skype, office, xbox, hololens, disney, ted and the bbc. has created and led multi-disciplinary global teams both start-ups and multinational businesses, both client and agency side. co-founder and coo seema khinda johnson seema has over years' strategic experience leading teams and delivering large-scale commercialization, products, campaigns and projects. she has successfully launched global products across many regions and cultures for brands like skype and microsoft, achieving major user engagement and acquisition. acting cto adi ben-ari adi respected within the blockchain development community with over years' hands-on experience designing, developing and leading technology solutions and teams. has worked across the telco and fintech sectors. blockchain expert, adi ceo applied blockchain team blockchain professionals focused creating real-world applications that harness the unique properties the blockchain. together, they have delivered platform-agnostic products and privacy/security frameworks that deliver real business objectives. chairman steve lau establishing nuggets and leading business development china. eagles fund founder and managing partner, founder and chairman for china fortune holdings limited, managing partner dfj dragon fund angel investor behind beijing technology limited senior strategic advisor joshua bouw joshua develops new partnerships and advises nuggets' technical strategy. innovator blockchain technology, established blackcoin the world's first proof-of-stake currency joshua was the receiver the first ever smart contract, one those involved the blackhalo and bithalo smart contracting platform. one the godfathers proof-of-stake, joshua popular speaker alternative currencies, and has represented altcoins okcoin and huobi events. take part the token sale and find out more telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain copyright (c) october nuggets tokens ltd all rights reserved page strategic advisor sebastian quinn-watson payments fraud diarmuid considine sebastian quinn-watson leading asia and focused blockchain fund raiser and ico advisor. has advised number successful and market leading projects such powerledger, bluzelle, simple token, canya, viberate, airswap and others. also sits the advisory boards powerledger, canya and bluzelle. addition has interest crypto currency exchanges, firms and marketing firms across the world. award-winning risk management leader with over years' experience the telecomms and digital goods industries, diarmuid has deep understanding daily operational issues multinational companies like skype, microsoft and mastercard. internationally recognised leading expert fraud and payments, has served the board, and chair the european advisory board, the merchant risk council. customer experience mark nichols mark customer-centric, strategic leader with deep delivery experience and record transformation and benefit realisation global scale. board-level influencer, has executed numerous performance improvement strategies and investible end-to-end customer experience initiatives across multiple channels, markets and languages. mark has held numerous senior leadership roles organisations including telefonica, skype, microsoft and currently the customer experience virgin mobile usa. financial services steve castle fca with years' experience international financial services, steve has held leadership (board level) positions range companies including lv= general insurance (which helped grow five-fold, into the uk's third-largest motor insurer) and rbs insurance. his wide-ranging experience encompasses work over countries, and considerable experience acquisitions and disposals, well integration. entrepreneur, steve has also co-founded, developed and sold two financial services businesses his own. cfo robert seok rob has been finance professional for the past years, specialising media and tech. has worked many multinational organizations such kpmg, ubs, bt, and virgin media, roles ranging from commercial strategy pricing. has also helped tech company successfully ipo the aim, exceptionally challenging conditions. cmo andrew amadeo andrew has worked advertising and marketing for years them management level. he's led and produced award-winning, innovative work for global brands like nike, unilever, p&g, honda, inbev and diageo. recent years, has specialised multi-channel, integrated consumer campaigns. former creative chief collett dickinson pearce, mustoes and grey london, offers wealth knowledge, across marketing, creative and leadership perspectives. take part the token sale and find out more telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain copyright (c) october nuggets tokens ltd all rights reserved page conclusion nuggets will revolutionise the way pay online, login and verify our identities. will give people control over their personal data, and make easier use the services they love. bringing trust and peace mind online transactions, nuggets promises make them quicker and simpler. and unlock millions new transactions currently not made because security fears, complicated processes false positives. nuggets will save companies billions fraud, false positives and fraudulent charge backs, and will minimise their regulatory exposure hugely reducing the currently enormous silos customer data. nuggets not simply new product. fundamental change the way online consumer transactions work, worldwide. it's the future. nuggets.life take part the token sale and find out more telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain copyright (c) october nuggets tokens ltd all rights reserved page legal notice nothing herein constitutes offer sell, the solicitation offer buy, any tokens, nor shall there any offer, solicitation sale nuggets tokens any jurisdiction which such offer, solicitation sale would unlawful. you should carefully read and fully understand this white paper and any updates. every potential token purchaser will required undergo on-boarding process that includes identity verification and certain other documentation, which you should read carefully and understand fully because you will legally bound. please make sure consult with appropriate advisors and others. this white paper describes our current vision for the nuggets platform. while intend attempt realize this vision, please recognize that dependent quite number factors and subject quite number risks. entirely possible that the nuggets platform will never implemented adopted, that only portion our vision will realized. not guarantee, represent warrant any the statements this white paper, because they are based our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions, about which there can assurance due various anticipated and unanticipated events that may occur. please know that plan work hard seeking achieve the vision laid out this white paper, but that you cannot rely any coming true. blockchain, cryptocurrencies and other aspects our technology and these markets are their infancy and will subject many challenges, competition and changing environment. will try update our community things grow and change, but undertake obligation so. take part the token sale and find out more telegram: https://t.me/nuggetsblockchain copyright (c) october nuggets tokens ltd all rights reserved page