highly customizable blockchain infrastructure highly customizable blockchain infrastructure highly customizable blockchain infrastructure abstract nuls blockchain that architecturally enables extendibility using smart contracts, modules and sub-chains. open-source project that separates its features into customizable modules such smart contracts, the multichain system, cross-chain consensus and other operating mechanisms. the future, nuls will have multiple sub-chains that are based functionalities the main-chain. they will use the underlying protocols and infrastructure nuls offer businesses simplified and tailored solution based their needs. website: nuls.io mail: hi@nuls.io highly customizable blockchain infrastructure highly customizable blockchain infrastructure since the beginning human civilization, have strived survive, learn, adapt and move humanity direction that sustainable for future generations. our desire constantly improve not only our own lives but the lives others has brought into the beginning the century, "the technological era". every day more fast-paced than the last and there sign slowing down. the creation blockchain technology has catapulted innovation even further and acted catalyst for creative thinkers get involved the space. the rich incentivized environment blockchain has created opportunities that not only interests the technological savvy individual, but also the individual that simply wants involved the growth world-wide disruptive technology. this technology continues mature, the demand solve real world use cases becoming more evident. blockchain however still its infancy and impartial gap exists between itself and real-world adoption. part the issue that the technology has steep learning curve. the other issue that many blockchains that currently exist either have narrowed focus the problems solves, are too broad fit the needs individuals and businesses. new type blockchain required that not only can comfortably fit the needs wide range businesses, but also something that can easily handle development improvements without threatening the underlying protocol. nuls blockchain with modular based architecture enabling customizable modules and sub-chain operability. its two-part design the microkernel and the functional modules. the microkernel provides the underlying mechanisms for the network while the functional modules are the compartmentalized features the blockchain. they have been built with the goal maintain the well-known programming practice high cohesion and low coupling. they also adopt the hotpluggable principle allowing modules added removed during operation. the decentralized nature nuls creating business model that bridges the gap trust using the technology well allow users customize their chain fit with their needs. the simplicity implementation comes from the architectural design nuls where complex concepts such cryptography, consensus mechanisms and storage methods are abstracted away from the developer and they need only concerned with what they want build that within their skillset. the simple base the main-chain will provide set modular component that can customized the user's needs. users will free choose the rules consensus, storage, smart contracts, arbitration, account systems, anonymity policy highly customizable blockchain infrastructure well other permissions designate their sub-chain. sub-chains will not limited being public chains but can also designed private consortium chains. blockchain uses the chain structure which limited performance due the size the database, difficulty synchronization and the complex task performing technical updates decentralized network. blockchain was needed that not only solves real world problems but also makes the developer's life easier. the ability customize modules suit the developer's needs promotes innovativeness and does not constrain the possibilities what can potentially built. solve these problems and promote the commercial use blockchain technology, nuls was born. after conducting market research and analysis, found that there are various problems that hinder the growth and development blockchain. talented individuals the sector are already hard come and developers who are then also experienced blockchain rarity. this creates higher cost for development these individuals can charge premium exchange for their services due the simple economic function demand exceeding supply. this issue cannot solved the short term and will only solved over time more developers learn and understand the technology. existing blockchains are limited performance and cross-chain communication still being explored. organizations and businesses will not interested using consortium private chain that isn't completely trustworthy. nuls will provide reliable solution these problems. the learning curve for developing nuls reduced hiding some the complexity from the developer. the goal the platform improve development time offering simple programmable environment that caters the less experienced developer while facilitating extendibility for the more experienced individual. highly customizable blockchain infrastructure the application layer where the developer can take advantage the infrastructural support that has been designed part the platform. the developer can easily perform basic tasks and make use the modular parts such the multi-chain system and smart contracts. nuls understands the importance performance and the limitations current blockchains and committed solving these for widespread adoption. using parallel expansion technology through the multi-chain system, millions transactions per second can processed through the main-chain and sub-chains. for organizations and businesses, data confidentiality and security are utmost importance. the open-source and transparent nature blockchain generally makes them hesitant use this new technology. although nuls open-source, protects the confidentiality the data sub-chains through data isolation and cross-chain auditing. this balance between transparency and confidentiality data why nuls will appeal commercial businesses despite being open-source. the token nuls will used promote the entire ecosystem. will used support nuls based applications, pay for application costs, perform exchange for sub-chain digital assets, support nuls development, reward miners and pay transaction fees. the tokens will airdropped million) owners the erc placeholder token. the total tokens million) will towards continued development. once the main net live, these tokens will unlocked the rate million) per month over the course months. highly customizable blockchain infrastructure the tokens million) will allocated for building the community, and more than million tokens will ever used per year. the tokens million) will used for business partnerships and support high quality nuls based third party projects. more than million tokens will ever used per year. million nuls will created through the proof credit (poc) consensus each year reward miners and secure the network. order create healthy ecosystem, all nuls' sub-chains are required pay certain amount nuls tokens (amount decided the future). the purpose this certify that the sub-chain indeed sub-chain nuls. the amount that would required paid will adjusted over time relation the current price that always remains within reasonable range and will determined community votes. the token used the main-chain nuls and all sub-chains will able support their own basic token. this will considered nuls' asset and the sub-chain highly customizable blockchain infrastructure can easily issue these contract tokens known iou assets. the nuls system will provide the conversion nuls tokens for smart assets and vice-versa. sub-chain chooses issue smart assets, certain amount nuls will need paid. when the smart assets have been created, the user will set initial ratio for the smart asset and the nuls token. nuls capital pool and smart asset pool will also automatically generated and the ratio will fixed for conversion but influenced market values. the value the smart assets the sub-chain rises, then the nuls capital pool will require more nuls support this appreciation value. more quality subchain projects work with nuls, this will turn appreciate the value nuls. the modular architectural design nuls supports the insertion new functional modules well the replacement the core functional modules the consensus mechanism. the user can set the rules for their sub-chain and customize them their needs. the main-chain will use the proof credit (poc) protocol that the first its kind designed the nuls team. works like proof stake where certain number tokens will need locked before the user can run node the network. this exact amount has yet decided and the community will vote it. when user wants stop running node, they can immediately unlock their tokens. highly customizable blockchain infrastructure when user generates block during internet disconnection, computer crash when experiencing network issues, this will not considered violation the networks rules. however, because this will affect the entire system, warning will given with the coins frozen for period (e.g. hours) and the credit ratio downgraded. the case hostile attacks, double spend attacks, attempts forking the system deliberately trying attack the system, the nuls network will able detect and protect from vulnerabilities and exploits. any hostile nodes will have their coins frozen for longer period (e.g. month) and their credit ratio will downgraded again meaning they are longer able meet the minimum amount participate the network. the crediting system the coefficient that used determine user's integrity and trustworthiness the network. credit ratings are between and and are automatically calculated based the behavior the node using the credit rating algorithm. credit evaluation formula: credit cardinality coefficient capacity coefficient duty coefficient capacity: calculated based the number blocks generated the past coefficient duty: calculated based violation cases and accuracy blocks generated ensure balance and fairness the entire nuls system, the consensus reward computed based the amount staked coins and the node credit submitted all consensus nodes. nuls provides the underlying infrastructure for all sub-chains and allows applications built top their own sub-chain. nuls gives the user the building blocks required easily customize their own sub-chain with their own token and own rules relation consensus e.g. (pow, dpos, pos, pbft, pool) that users can decide how their chain will operate. highly customizable blockchain infrastructure the design structure nuls was born out the understanding that technology going continue advance rapid rate and static technologies will left behind. nuls incorporated the modularity the linux kernel give the flexibility dynamic blockchain. since everything module, technical upgrades can easily made add the latest improvements the blockchain. nuls modular structure nuls kernel: the nuls kernel consists module manager, service bus and event bus. the kernel manages all the following modules: modular components: smart contract, account, storage, account, consensus, processor nuls built-in modules service module pack: rpc service module processor module pack: event processor module smart contract processor module basic module pack: consensus module- network module- storage module- news module- account account book the module manager where all modules can managed, loaded and unloaded from the chain. once module loaded, able communicate with other modules and allow for various actions performed. from standard technical point view, nuls like program that has been designed with the open-closed principle mind. open for extension but closed for modification. highly customizable blockchain infrastructure the verification blocks will occur through cross-chain consensus and nuls can circulate through both the main-chain and the sub-chains. sub-chains report the main-chain and the main-chain audits and verifies the block headers. partial nodes the main-chain and the sub-chain make the cross-chain consensus domain (cd). the nodes agree cross-chain transactions between each other and share the data with other nodes their own chain. main-chain consensus domain (surrounded nodes main-chain) sub-chain consensus domain (surrounded nodes chain sub-chain consensus domain (surrounded nodes chain overlapped /connected area: cross-chain consensus domain cross-chain consensus domain nodes that join cross-chain consensus need load modules that are operable across both chains such the cross-chain network module and the cross-chain protocol processor module. highly customizable blockchain infrastructure nuls nodes main-chain module pack: operates main-chain logic cross-chain module pack: ncm network control module, processor module communication, protocol sub-chain module pack: operates sub-chain logic cross-chain consensus protocol consists two policies guarantee safety for the network. -minimum node requirements for cross-chain consensus prevent centralisation the domain. -dynamic adjustment (rotation) prevent single cross-chain node from broadcasting information continuously the network. nuls has built-in smart contract virtual machine (nulsvm) that structurally between the external service module (e.g. rpc module) and the underlying infrastructure module (e.g. network module, storage module account module). the smart contracts are used the higher-level applications, interpreted the interpreter, stored the storage module and computed the nulsvm module. also supports various higher-level programming languages cater towards the developer that wants develop their desired language and compiles the program through the interpreter that the can understand and read the application. highly customizable blockchain infrastructure nuls open-source project that driven the blockchain community. the open-source nature the project offers transparency and trust for developers which vital building strong community. the community will provide comprehensive development documentation and fully developed tools assist and support developer's. nuls has setup the community foundation with million nuls that will used support excellent projects and reward contributors the nuls ecosystem. the nuls community foundation registered singapore (nuls foundation pte. ltd. g). the main goal nuls promote community-driven development platform that incentivizes innovative projects developed and offers the tools simplify and fast track development for the developer. highly customizable blockchain infrastructure the nuls team aware the current issues the blockchain space. trust illusion that has been continuously exposed hackers, exploitable bugs, malicious nodes and untrustworthy individuals. nuls' mission statement "making trust simpler" makes them value driven blockchain that fortifies its network with the plan bridge the gap between businesses and blockchain adoption. the lack talented blockchain developers barrier that will continue exist blockchain hindering the growth the space. nuls will become the solution this problem and their goal build ecosystem that benefits developers, businesses and supporters the project.