observer business note weather observation: blockchain-based weather data trading platform dec version narva mnt, kesklinna district, tallinn city, harju county estonia english table contents key concept weather industry weather data services crowd-sourced weather observations observer business model new paradigm weather observations observer ecosystem observer coins observer coin (obsr) allocation observation compensation use funds coin lockup roadmap legal considerations and risks observer business note key concept the observer innovative platform where individuals and private firms trade daily weather data. anyone the world can trade weather data that collected smartphones, mini weather stations, automobiles, and receive observer coins compensation. the quality the collected data verified through big data analysis technology, and the details are recorded the blockchain. this allows the observer create high-resolution weather data that has never been available before. weather observation: blockchain-based weather data trading platform observer business note weather industry industry revenue estimated weather data services billion (ams state the weather and showing evidence the weather market's solid the weather market, which has been dominated public services, rapidly growing size. the portion the u.s. gdp that affected weather events estimated billion annually, and the economic value weather information estimated roughly billion (nws enterprise analysis report the total private weather billion, with service provider revenue estimated climate enterprise). the annual budget the u.s. national weather service the range billion dollars, and the aggregated amount weather- related budgets for countries that operate weather observation networks estimated several billion dollars. considering the recent m&a major weather companies, the capitalization the private weather industry estimated above billion and growing rate percent annually (university corporation for atmospheric research). ibm and monsanto recently entered the weather business acquiring weather companies, further growth potential. ibm purchased the weather company for billion. ibm now combining its global cloud with the weather company's data, which enables enterprise clients access weather-related big data solutions. monsanto, leading provider agricultural products, acquired the climate corporation for approximately million. monsanto has achieved higher corporate value integrating its expertise agriculture analytics with the climate corporation's weather data. weather data creating value wide spectrum sectors. along with business analytics, has also become prominent factor the corporate decision-making process. estimated capitalization the u.s. private weather industry (as weather observation: blockchain-based weather data trading platform observer business note agriculture weather important factor for agricultural productivity, necessary monitor, analyze, and predict the weather maximize crop yields and mitigate losses from unforeseen disasters. large agriculture companies are already using weather data order optimize yields, reduce environmental impacts and cut operational costs. energy power generation using weather data, power companies are able overcome challenges like volatile energy prices, rising pressure from environmental activists and the growing use alternative energy sources. large power companies, particular, can take advantage weather data better manage its plants and power distribution. insurance weather data enables insurance companies create and develop weather-based products. also plays key role establishing compensation model for weather-related insurance (e.g., storm and flood insurance). retail wholesale weather, like air temperature and rainfall, can cause great changes customers' buying patterns. retailers and wholesalers are monitoring the weather maximize sales and better manage their inventories. weather observation: blockchain-based weather data trading platform observer business note airlines airlines are using weather data prevent flight delays and cancellations. weather data also being used for various purposes such steering aircraft, controlling air traffic, and maintaining runways ensure flight safety and logistical efficiency. traval leisure accurate weather information essential for developers travel and leisure products, enables them plan activities and minimize potential losses due the unexpected weather. financial investment weather data already contributing factor investment decisions. customized weather data enables investors evaluate companies weathersensitive sectors (i.e., energy, agriculture, insurance, transportation and distribution). disaster prevention and management weather information closely monitored and analyzed government agencies and international organizations that are committed protecting people from natural disasters. weather data helps them predict natural disasters and devise emergency plan for each stage prevention and evacuation. weather observation: blockchain-based weather data trading platform observer business note hyper-local weather observations crowd-sourced weather data the biggest challenge facing weather companies the lack hyper-local weather data. while macro data widely available, hyper-local data still remains very limited. attempts have been made but have not been successful partly due the absence proper compensation scheme that motivates people provide region-specific weather data. even cases where data collected volunteer observers, data reliability issues have hindered its commercial use. weather observation: blockchain-based weather data trading platform observer business note observer business model the observer founded the vision that "anyone can produce weather observations and purchase them reasonable price." weather observations are made worldwide timely basis, weather services that require large initial investments new paradigm individuals and private firms make their own weather stations across the world and using real- with data being made available the public without government interference. big data technology allows for systematic data management, while blockchain platform enables transparent data exchange. achieve this goal, the observer collects data, conducts quality control and develops standards for data transactions. unlike public and industry sophisticated instruments, crowdsourcing enables time data feed multi-billion dollar weather observations any place and time. weather observation already indispensable part people's daily lives. for example, person can measure air temperature pressure using his/her smartphone and share the data online. other words, without any expensive instrument expertise, individuals can measure meteorological conditions and instantly send out their data via worldwide cable and wireless networks. this may help overcome the limitations existing public observation systems and inefficient data exchange platforms. the weather company has access over industry. the observer aims broaden such weather networks including over three billion smartphones, one billion automobiles, aircraft, vessels, and countless private weather stations across the world. individuals and private firms could easily collect and share their data using simple instruments that not require sophisticated skill sets. once the collected data quality checked, the data can sold real time both private and public sectors. all transactions take place blockchain platform transparent manner. observer ecosystem weather observation: blockchain-based weather data trading platform observer business note observer ecosystem observer platform the observer ecosystem consists data providers, buyers, and the observer foundation. data providers send real-time observations the observer foundation where observations are quality controlled with big data technology and processed into the database. once verified, data providers receive payment observer coin (obsr), and buyers purchase the data with obsr. since the observer foundation accepts data from many different sources, quality control critical. all data subject quality control the observer foundation. although this may seem different from the idea decentralized blockchain platform, necessary move ensure data quality. buyers historical and real-time weather data could individuals, companies government. customers, like weather service providers, can process observer's data offer real-time information urban weather. weather information obtained from automobiles can directly applied automobile navigation systems. combining observer's data with technology (e.g., ibm's watson and google's deep learning algorithm), weather service providers can make hyper-local short-range weather forecasts. daily observations can also purchased government agencies agriculture, energy, disaster prevention and public services. among others, the data archived the observer foundation can useful for local governments looking develop smart cities. airlines and ship routing companies can take great advantages observer's real-time weather data well. airlines can use observer's data check airport weather and monitor clear air turbulence. for ship routing companies, they can monitor real-time weather and marine conditions with observer's data. weather observation: blockchain-based weather data trading platform observer business note observer business expansion strategy the observer's business expands, various observers participate the world and real-time data related the world's weather collected the observer. addition the platform business purchase and use collected weather information, the observer foundation can provide data suitable for the use various individuals, companies and buyers such retail, leisure, energy, airline business, and autonomous driving business. will further invest and improve our data collection, analysis, and processing technologies. weather observation: blockchain-based weather data trading platform observer business note observer coins all payments and transactions the observer are made obsr, transaction coin. obsr (observer coin): coin for transactions observer and blockchain technology exchanges and used transactions the data. enable transparent data management, effortless obsr coin listed the cryptocurrency the data providers receive obsr two separate occasions: the first when their data quality- checked and the latter each time the data sold. the observer uses blockchain technology data trade and efficient compensation. buyer can immediately purchase the weather order access weather data, buyers need data paying with obsr anywhere the world. and pay the observer foundation. the value from conventional purchasing methods, such purchase obsr from the cryptocurrency exchanges obsr will increase with greater public interest the observer project and higher demand for its data. this, turn, will result better compensation for the data providers. the use obsr eliminates the issues that arise unstable foreign exchange rates and disturbances wiring and mailing remittances. the details transactions are recorded the blockchain and are managed transparently. economic model observer weather observation: blockchain-based weather data trading platform observer business note observer coin(obsr) allocation the total supply obsr limited ,,, billion) units, and they will allocated below ensure the success the business. coin allocation weather observation: blockchain-based weather data trading platform observer business note observation compensation the two third the total supply (%) are allocated the observation compensation pool. the total amount obsr allocated annual weather observation compensation flexible and determined each year. use funds coin lockup will used for the establishment the observer one year after the initial. the locked-up coins are not the cryptocurrencies raised through the obsr sale will converted into fiat currencies, which foundation and its marketing activities. observer foundation establishment meteorological instruments development distribution development weather solutions operational expenses data quality control the coin supply allocated the observer foundation team and advisors (%) locked for distributed among individual team members but will kept the observer foundation e-wallet. this quantity cannot sold through the cryptocurrency exchanges third party during the lockout period. this intended encourage the team members and advisers devote themselves the success the observer project. the unlisted coins the listing pool (.%) are also locked for one year. the coins allocated additional operational costs (%) are locked for six months. weather observation: blockchain-based weather data trading platform observer business note roadmap may. sep. oct. technical note, business note release observer weather station prototype production construction observer beta server switch over observer main-net development real-time observation data quality control algorithm development weather station ver. development new weather sensors weather station network construction (korea) weather station network construction (overseas) development weather station ver. business model development -observer app release (weather observation mining) business model expand development big data processing technology release weather station ver. development observer a.i algorithm (forecast) observation data sales development autonomous driving linkage system advancement weather information processing system (aviation industry) personal weather station (pws) development and sales partnership with major smartphone manufacturers weather observation: blockchain-based weather data trading platform observer business note legal considerations and risks contributions can only made people obsr utility coin and does not provide any entities that have broad knowledge, experience, and rights other than the rights use the observer contributor understands that despite the collateral speculative purposes. the contributor understands understanding about cryptocurrency markets. the efforts parties involved the development the observer project, possible that the project might fail and the observer coin (obsr) becomes worthless. the contributor also understands that even the observer project successfully developed and launched, the project could dissolved due lack public interest, changes law and legislation other uncontrollable reasons. hence, the contributor understands that the platform. obsr distributed not for investment that obsr does not supply any kind income and/or ownership rights, rights receive any kind future income and/or ownership rights. the contributor understands that they will not possess any voting rights governance rights, any rights influence the development the observer project any way. this document any other materials provided observer project involves significant financial risks, the observer foundation does not constitute they should not participate the observer project. investment. this document does not pertain any and they are not the position accept risks, prospectus any kind, and not solicitation for way offering securities any jurisdiction. neither this nor any other document nor material has been will registered prospectus with any regulatory authorities. weather observation: blockchain-based weather data trading platform