whi tepaper wri ttenandpreparedby fabri cedi stefano thank you for taking the time read our whitepaper. hope that the information presented here will allow you understand our potential team, investment tool and last but not least powerful addition which will greatly benefit all well the waves' ecosystem. enjoy our first prototype: https://gravit.ws the problem blockchain not transfer value between and anymore, can things which are lot more complex. from the already available token creations(cat) the future smart contracts, the waves platform building the strongest link between the blockchain and real world applications, companies and individuals. there's now more exploitable data available inside the blockchain than ever, and also lot related external data most the tokens and transactions are connected actual projects. this amount data however very hard read, and even harder analyze. the solution oceanlab will act the missing link between transactions and people, you'll able read the blockchain you were reading newspaper, accessing information related trading, new uses the blockchain, new technologies, projects, ... without browsing through enormous amount data. information one the most precious asset from this era and our aim master able provide anyone the way needed. we're the process creating the technology able gather and process enormous, ever growing amount data and plan make the tools make that technology available everyone. but also... we're looking deeply into waves ever growing capabilities invent new features and application fields for the waves blockchain, our lab already working several projects unavailable any other existing platform and some our tests are already succeeding. blockchain mass adoption slow process and our lab will contribute acting technical incubator for european projects, imagining new use cases and helping the best ideas become reality. who behind oceanlab? we're basically team two, @dibatch designer with work experience gaming websites design and i'm @sphearis, developer who worked mainly dev for the belgian government (education) and regional manager for one the biggest transportation company. but we're also surrounded team professionals trading, business management, community management and designers who help regularly our projects become even better than imagined with incredible motivation and dedication. what oceanlab? both fell love with waves and blockchain development, the platform was awesome, simply the one were looking for (having followed crypto for nearly years). started creating few community oriented projects around the waves blockchain well set tools interact easily with the platform. created the faucet engine which making thousands transactions every day, automatically updated token database and few community/full nodes tools. are now willing unleash the potential waves creating the most awesome set tools and innovative uses the blockchain that waves deserve. there are lot great ideas our notebook, but these aren't just ideas empty promises, know the logic behind every one them and we're able develop them. have the required technical knowledge (clearly defined development and technical execution plans), the efficiency (the faucet engine for waves and tokens was made less than one week, starting from scratch and creating the first version our dot net library the same time) and have the will make waves our next career move, we're also ambitious and determined. we're ready whatever takes make one the biggest moves blockchain history. our prototype gravit gravit engine created allowing develop easily and efficiently new websites and features (including some innovative uses unavailable other blockchains), this engine used our first flagship product: https://gravit.ws gravit.ws actually like blockchain explorer combined with search engine and community website. every aspect using some kind gravit engine features such in-depth information gathering, stats generation, anonymous and safe user submitted content, blockchain authentification and interaction... advanced trading analysis also planned with the inclusion the dex well other exchanges data and marketcap. you can interact, add content, asset informations, comments even chat simply sending tokens with commands the gravitbot attachment. you can also create polls and get votes registered into the blockchain. all these features provide users blockchain secured and permanent information well form identification while remaining anonymous. why gravis important? gravit will first the best community building website around waves and the most reliable source information the blockchain, its features will make other blockchain projects notice and realize the vast potential the waves platform. having sufficient resources create gravit and other related projects this point will allow oceanlab become key player for the waves platform and the community will benefit lot from most our projects will have open/community version free for personal asset creator use. what are the first gravit.ws features blockchain explorer/search engine for transactions/addresses/assets realtime information and in-depth analysis the blockchain, fast response time user interaction: introducing gravitbot which able receive commands the blockchain and execute them realtime. user interaction: blockchain powered chat rooms for every address asset generated automatically the blockchain (based address assetid) well global chatroom. blockchain chat engine automatically identifies asset creators admins and highlights their chat messages asset creators can add more information about their own assets sending commands gravitbot with the address that created them (website, link news, exchanges urls and such) assets: user reporting, reviewing and official/fake flagging. addresses: all balances (waves and assets) seen tiles (tiles colors generated from the assetid) with the coin logo available, direct links the asset database and official/fake flags. poll creation non intrusive and blockchain related ads, gravit creating automated and blockchain powered publishing service. addresses: realtime calculation full wallet value using the dex and other exchanges provided information gravit's planned features (short term) dex trades integration the search engine addresses: put assets spam folder custom user folder chat: upvote/downvote with gravitbot command chat: tipping bot/chat bot ads: autonomous blockchain powered ads assets: codes generation, richlists and full distribution lists community powered icos and news section nodes info, map and status realtime revenues info and leasing calculator node tools: passive monitoring, block notifier, leasing reports advanced stats/custom stats easy use api and widgets for web pages/cms(wordpress, ...) and long term... assets: store logos the blockchain (based future oceanlab storage project) chat: and machine learning integration the chat channels customizable automatic trading bot system custom realtime stats generation for users/asset creators well premium service for companies other major blockchains integration (ethereum, bitcoin, ...) with user content submission create the largest and most practical crypto ecosystem website. addresses: real portfolio and budget management, multiple wallet viewing and interactions (drag and drop assets between wallets, ...) blockchain wiki and history blockchain snapshot: view the status any address the waves blockchain particular date/time blockchain powered and automated kickstarter like funding interface for new projects the waves platform making gravit become the first full featured cryptocurrencies social network ... few other projects are working iot and automation: waves token powered coffee machine prototype almost functional, will lead developments around waves powered food and drinks distributors, blockchain triggered devices, blockchain communication between devices and data storage. blockchain storage: storage text and small pictures directly the blockchain with transactions indexing and attachments, will used gravit for logo storage. writers are being contacted right now publish their first book the blockchain. asset creator subscriptions for transactions processing: system allowing several full nodes benefit from the revenues subscription plan aimed processing transactions for asset creators their own tokens, making cheaper for them launch big projects the blockchain. digital rights management the blockchain (for music, lyrics, texts, scientific papers, ...) blockchain (artificial intelligence the blockchain, interacting bots and experiments, shared knowledge and analysis waves) waves and tokens payment system with realtime token conversion the desired currency for the trader, realtime quote for the seller. will available for any token having market valuation the dex. digital goods the blockchain (software and games keys, subscriptions tradeable dex transferrable). multiple coins gateway the blockchain: ethereum, dogecoin, bat, gnt, you name it... directly the waves blockchain tokens, trading and out instantly with extremely low fee. token lottery: automated, blockchain powered, human intervention and randomization based blockchain content. lotteries available for any token. thank you and support all those who were there waves infancy, the small fee we'll ask for running the lotteries will distributed amongst wct holders. posall: have found way provide pos (proof stake) feature any token created the platform, soon we've built the engine, will made available anyone. bic (blockchain information channels): publishing information and analysis directly the blockchain like price tickers, meteo, data analysis... and give easy access anyone directly and constantly available the blockchain, easily readable and easily published under any form you like. free technical demo released with our gravit prototype, the waves price ticker from bittrex continuously published the waves blockchain. fuel system will created pay for server maintenance and resources: anyone will able provide funds the bots running the channels and keep them activated. one the first channels we'll working trading alert channel (important volume changes alerts warn real time about crypto price growth opportunities.) roadmap our projects and labs will vary and evolve. but here's our main roadmap: ico august august oceanlab launch (st september first quarter (month gravit: new server infrastructure, data consolidation, scripts improvements full blockchain explorer (prototype working with limited set data) full paginated transaction lists and trading info advanced search crypto news integration the search engine social networks integration the search engine design improvements, mobile friendly version gravit ads: blockchain powered, autonomous publishing service fountain perpetua: full website redesign, new features (earnings calculator, ...) wavesdrop: design improvement with new color themes, adding the ability create your own faucet easily for free through gravitbot commands (with your own ads) posall: development and deployment the community pos system, proof stake available for any token created the platform. partnership: starting the development the energrid project, energy sharing service second quarter (month tech: deployment the data indexing and storage capability the waves platform first full exclusive book stored the blockchain digital rights management the blockchain gravit: token logos and profile pictures (for addresses) stored the blockchain blogposts for tokens (stored the blockchain) advanced trading features (charts, stats, ...) creation reusable components for fast integration our other projects/designs wavesdrop: games and blockchain powered token lottery system partnership: development starting for the openjam project, tokenized github/social music making network development the best trading alert system partnership with professional traders, alerts are published the blockchain, available everyone continued development the energrid system third quarter (month gravit: rest api, websocket and easy use components for webmasters community trading bot full online wallet and portfolio management anycoin: multicrypto automated gateway for the wavesplatform with more than coins launch. openjam: continued development tokengames: arcade platform which pays you play and first blockchain powered games fourth quarter (month gravit: easy, anonymous and secure payment system for websites tokengames: development multiple blockchain powered games partnership: we'll start the development tokenized family entertainment center belgium: kids areas, animations, lasergames, drone races, ... with tokens reward and payment system. creation waves/tokens atm and nfc card reloading terminal. after our first year continued development all our products and partnerships. creation open blockchain makerspace where new devices will designed and ideas put into application. the lab will evolve with research and development automation, and machine learning linking the blockchain real life (smart) applications. we'll also start working our second big project, innovative application the blockchain for everyone: will used communities, companies and every household. don't release any information about this project right now but know will game changer for waves, mass adoption cryptos general and the use the blockchain. what will the funds used for actually both have day job and have work our free time develop all these motivating projects. can hard sometimes even really love what do. especially when you've got family behind you, supportive everyone can be. the funds will allow able spend more time and focus our projects while being less dependent our daily income. our personal investment will know transition phase first, but soon the company begins generating revenues we'll able dedicate ourselves completely our projects and research. least the services we'll deploy our first year operation will generate revenues. the funds will also used upgrade our current infrastructure (network, servers, ...). this will greatly improve speed, reliability and will make our engine able evolve the same rate the waves blockchain. have good work experience some the most complex industries and/or public services, i've worked consultant for small companies and know how manage our money make the most any resource have, that's already what we're doing now, we're getting results with almost nothing our hands. will use the funds with precaution. there will monthly usage limits based what our infrastructure needs remain effective, our salary and those future employees well sponsoring events and participate conferences where can promote our products. the funds will also serve reserve allowing pay for new hardware services required our contractors start developing their projects. our work will switch between contracts and community services building/experiments/innovations around the blockchain. know people are worried about ico cash-outs, don't plan any that, analyzed our needs correctly for the first few years operation and evolution and already planned work very limited budget for least one year. there won't any bad surprise the markets (not from anyway). raise money not for ourselves but for our projects, we'll still win lot the end proving who are. oceanlab's ico structure we've been following many icos from the beginning the end, taking notes about their strategies and analyzing the aspects which helped them succeed fail. the following proposed structure (which could subject change) based our conclusions and the ones our advisors: we'll have fixed amount tokens: tokens will kept for our internal operations (%), these won't used for will used for bounties and events (%) (.%) will airdropped wavescommunity tokens holders gesture (.%) will airdropped mrt holders gesture appreciation for their the remaining (%) will sold our ico. least two years and will released only needed with monthly limit per month. appreciation for their support waves community members support the waves network the ico will planned this way: you'll able invest oceanlab with any verified token the waves platform having market valuation (you'll able invest ripto bux, euro, ethereum waves community tokens for example) sending them waves wallet address which will revealed when the ico starts. there will first day bonus (hours) second day bonus and third day bonus from day permanent bonus will added people who invest our project with waves. price not fixed and will depend the amount invested, we'll distribute according ratio and bonus the last day. have set several funding targets for our ico. even the "baby squid" level already allows keep working our initial plans, any additional amount collected will grant more efficiency and support the completion the whole project intended. tier the baby squid target: token valuation approx. new infrastructure (hardware, network, ...) and ability provide advanced functionalities. continued development and promotion actual projects (gravit, fountain perpetua, wavesdrop including all dependent services and features the whitepaper) with the current team. limited partnerships with other projects creators. tier the squid target: token valuation approx. everything from tier core team improvement with people assigned specific products enhance their quality. more active partnerships and external projects. more focus research and development community services. tier the giant squid target: token valuation approx. everything from tier and small blockchain makerlab for devices and real world applications (sales, automation, smart objects ...). blockchain technology introductions project creators, collaborative projects building and classes. tier the colossal squid target token valuation approx. everything from tier first official blockchain center/blockchain lab europe (opening due the limited budget plan for the first year operation). we'll act ambassadors for the blockchain europe, with events, classes and labs introduce many people possible, from individuals governments. more resources for research and developments. more resources for individual projects, more development speed, support and quality. high-end infrastructure allowing create and maintain more community services, commercial services and information systems. hard cap: tokens will released the week september. fabrice distefano, co-founder copyright (c) oceanlab.eu. all rights reserved.