online.io white paper version july |page disclaimer the purpose this white paper present online.io and oio (pronounced oyo) tokens prospective investors connection with the upcoming token sale. the information set forth this white paper may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. aims providing relevant and effective information potential token holders with the intent help them decide whether and when purchase oio tokens. the content this white paper not binding for online.io blockchain technologies ("the company"); furthermore, the company reserves its right adjust, add remove sections and content within this white paper for any reason and any time before, during and after the sale oio tokens posting the amended white paper the website. this paper should not considered solicitation for investment and not composed accordance with, nor subject to, laws regulations any jurisdiction, which are designed protect the investors. moreover, this white paper does not constitute investment, legal, tax, regulatory, accounting other advice, and does not aim being considered the sole basis for any evaluation transaction regarding the prospective acquisition the oio tokens. prior acquiring the oio tokens, the prospective client should consult his/her own legal, investment, tax, accounting and other advisors evaluate the potential benefits, burdens and other consequences such investment. the oio token utility token and not digital currency, security, commodity, any other kind financial instrument. hence, has not been registered under the securities act the securities laws any state the united states america the security laws any other country, including the securities laws any jurisdiction where potential token holder resident. the oio tokens are not intended for sale use any jurisdiction where the sale use digital tokens may prohibited the laws governing the respective jurisdiction. also, the oio tokens will not sold distributed, otherwise resold their holders citizens of, natural legal persons with their residence place incorporation any country territory where deals with digital tokens are prohibited any manner restricted the applicable laws regulations that jurisdiction. such purchases are made, the person responsible for the acquisition shall bear the risks and negative consequences for acting unauthorized fraudulent way. the company reserves its right refuse cancel oio token purchase requests any time our discretion when the information provided the client the kyc (know your client) procedure not detailed enough, inaccurate misleading. the company does not carry any business activities, nor does offer distribute oio tokens singapore, people's republic china other countries territories where there are restrictive laws regulations, the company must registered licensed with any applicable governmental authorities respect transactions with digital tokens. each prospective holder oio tokens reminded that this white paper presented him/her the basis that he/she the person entitled make investments. moreover, prospective token holders that bear the ultimate responsibility determine he/she can legally purchase the oio tokens his/her jurisdiction and whether the prospective token holder can then resell the oio tokens another person any given jurisdiction. certain statements, forecasts and financial information included this white paper represent forward-looking statements. such affirmations take into consideration certain known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which may lead actual events results being materially different from the estimates the future results expected the forward-looking statements. the white paper conducted the english language and this version remain the primary official source information about the project. the information contained the english version will translated into other languages, and may happen that the course the translation process some the information contained the english language version may lost, corrupted misinterpreted. the accuracy such alternative versions cannot guaranteed. case any conflict inconsistencies between the translations other languages and the official english language version, the provisions and statements the english language original document shall prevail. |page contents disclaimer............................................................................................................................ abstract................................................................................................................................ what online.io platform? ....................................................................................... vision............................................................................................................................. mission.......................................................................................................................... context objectives .................................................................................................. token generation event overview .......................................................................... purpose the token generation event ................................................................. summary the token generation event .............................................................. market overview ....................................................................................................... advertising market ................................................................................................... cyber security market .............................................................................................. blockchain current and future evolution .............................................................. online.io platform..................................................................................................... context overview...................................................................................................... features for end user ............................................................................................... online.io ecosystem ................................................................................................. smart contracts workflows components ......................................................... online.io financial model ........................................................................................ online.io technical specifications .......................................................................... roadmap .................................................................................................................... online.io team advisors ...................................................................................... selected team members .......................................................................................... advisors ...................................................................................................................... legal aspects ............................................................................................................. gdpr compliance ..................................................................................................... risks ............................................................................................................................ references ........................................................................................................................ |page abstract this white paper outlines first off challenges faced internet users nowadays internet things: security, privacy and scamming, secondly shift digital advertising providing untamed potential, well the business and technical specifications the online.io project aimed capitalize this potential. what online.io platform? vision our ultimate goal reinvent the world wide web experience placing people's privacy our top priority, thus offering more secure, non-trackable, without malware and free internet. mission government agencies and big internet companies that shall remain unnamed thrive tracking your every move! only together can put stop this! nowadays websites are full ads that try sell you something they think you need creating unfriendly and irritating browsing experience. also, lots them have hidden malware, scammy ads mining scripts. online.io platform aims making groundbreaking change the internet, revolutionizing the browsing experience and making faster, non-trackable, without malware and free. website operators gain significant amount revenues from ads, which can changed implementing our solution based the highly scalable, transparent and fully accountable blockchain technology, which will ensure they get fair remuneration based the number visitors, time spent their pages and the interaction with the site, creating more suitable environment for quality, opposed spammy cash driven webpages. |page new website rating system will developed for the community and you part this community will decide the quality the websites you visit. this will lower the time and stress spent click bait pages and you'll have more time for valuable pages. ... ecosystem overview context objectives when people hear about "blockchain", they think about bitcoin, the world's first cryptocurrency, which aims changing the global economy. however, blockchain, bitcoin's underlying technology poised disrupt other sectors well. starting last year there was huge hype around the blockchain technology stack and especially ethereum-based start-ups developed impact more common areas our day-to-day routine and not only the banking and financial sectors (where paying intermediaries fees are longer required). blockchain technology started used for activities such grocery shopping, online marketplace, paying for your dream house, car, holiday, etc. the advertising industry yet another sector that going reshaped the blockchain technologies, which accordingly market experts could the most groundbreaking change within the industry since the emergence smartphones and social media. considering that over world's population has internet access, the advertising business enjoys large source data, and recent years, their focus has been big data. however, evolving capabilities and changing regulatory prospects will affect how advertisers connect and engage customers the near future. |page recent studies regarding users experience with digital ads revealed that more and more consumers seem consistently unhappy with digital advertising for three main reasons: security, privacy and fighting annoyance from intrusive formats. online.io implementing decentralized ecosystem which combines all necessary features for faster, safer, and more private internet browsing. moreover, through the online.io platform developed using the most advanced blockchain technology, both internet end users and website operators will benefit alike. enhanced online experience for internet users. bypassing digital advertisements means faster webpage loading time and more enjoyable browsing experience due removal disturbing formats. according survey, consumers appreciated that digital ads were more intrusive than two years ago, while them stated that they have closed browser exited webpage because pop-up ads. also, online.io offers enhanced protection consumer data first off due added security blockchain technology which will eliminate demographic and behavioral profiling from being collected and used without prior consent. internet users are able rate each website according their experience, this will lead the creation ranking trust-worthy websites. ... features for internet end user privacy blocking the trackable techniques used monitor consumers and create comprehensive and trust-worthy community detailed behavioral profile user can rate the websites irrespective they adhered online.io platform, thus creating community trusted websites security spammy ads malicious software distributed bad free actors are eliminated, visit website completely free, without leading increased seeing any intrusive ads paying for website's security any subscription |page more satisfied consumers, higher ranked webpages, and new and profitable revenue stream for website operators. implementing the online.io solution, the website operators will offer their visitors cleaner version their webpage. this will consistently enhance the browsing experience since the focus will the website's content and quality, without any disruption from intrusive formats. furthermore, the websites and visitors will benefit from the highest security level, since the spammy ads and malicious software distributed bad actors are eliminated. nowadays society, internet users are becoming increasingly aware the fact that the second they start using the internet, their behavior being tracked and used create "profile" which then sold companies for advertising and other purposes. since, hard-to-detect tracking techniques are used, even very sensitive information often collected including financial data, which rises privacy concerns among both users and authorities. online.io solution comes meet such threats visitor's privacy and help website operators adhere the latest regulation changes (i.e. gdpr regulation) blocking the online tracking practices, which gives the user the opportunity browse the internet without having the feeling being monitored and stalked. website operators may consider that using the online.io solution, their revenues might downsized since they are longer monetizing the ads posted, but fact the online.io solution will unlock untamed potential revenue stream. the website owners will have financial benefits even without embedding advertisements, capitalizing the time spent the visitors their webpages. since the visitors will able rate the websites based their experience, the free, secure, private webpages will definitely enjoy higher ranking, which turn will attract more visitors and consequently more revenues for their owners generated online.io tokens. using the online.io solution, the browsing experience upgraded for end users and website operators alike. while the former enjoy faster, free, more secure, and private online experience, the latter keep their website protected from bad ads and malicious software, while rewards accrue based the time spent visitors their websites. online.io created the ethereum platform, thus the online.io tokens can used for any financial operations within the ecosystem. furthermore, the online.io platform designed using new consensus algorithm, proof-of-online. opposed the other already known proof concepts, the one used online.io does not require massive hardware resources which consume large quantities natural resources. our ecosystem designed generate ice tokens based the number visitors websites that integrated our solution. furthermore, optimized for minimum gas consumption the ethereum platform. token generation event overview purpose the token generation event online.io offering the potential clients its platform the right pre-purchase its own oio tokens through token generation event that projected start june th, oio tokens will distributed direct correspondence with the amounts paid the potential clients during the token generation event. |page the design and implementation the online.io token generation event has been prepared accordance with industry's best practices. hence, the potential contributors benefit from the enhanced levels security and are also reassured that the distribution tokens will performed according the smart contract conditions used online.io. the funds received during the pre-sale and the public token generation event for the oio tokens will remain unused until the distribution oio tokens token holders. summary the token generation event the team online.io has been intensively working bringing this idea life since june the next step developing our platform and thus creating enhanced online experience will release beta versions for several modules latest early our vision continually develop the platform thus keeping line with the latest technology developments. order fund the development the online.io project, plan organize public token generation event aiming attract investors, who are willing support our goal: creating faster, ad-free, more secure and private internet experience. prior the opening public token generation event for the online.io platform, are offering pre-sale opportunities oio tokens, with bonuses awarded token ranging between and depending the investment's value. further details the token generation event and the potential benefits oio tokens ownership are provided this whitepaper. the binding terms and provisions the oio token sale will outlined the terms conditions provided https://online.io/ (the "website"). ... token generation event characteristics the public token generation event planned commence june th, characterized the following: maximum number tokens: ,,, oio token price: usd payment methods accepted: ethereum, bitcoin, litecoin, bitcoin cash, bitcoin gold, dash, eth. classic adjustable distribution: unsold and unallocated tokens will destroyed further token issuances: no, only single token issue for the token generation event hard cap of: usd soft cap of: usd |page ... bonuses the first day launching the token generation event, namely june th, bonus will granted oio tokens. following the launch day, the below scheme bonuses will awarded: the oio token price will not suffer any modifications, but the investors will receive bonus accordance the above-mentioned scheme. investors will able withdraw their corresponding oio tokens, without the bonus one, the end the token generation event immediately after the all the tokens are sold. the oio tokens received bonus will eligible for withdrawal only after days. ... distribution tokens will distributed the oio community total oio tokens will reserved for the company oio tokens will allocated for marketing and loyalty purposes*) oio tokens will reserved for partner advisers the percentage includes also the tokens rewarded referral |page market overview today's interconnected society characterized increased capability everyday devices connect other devices and people through the internet infrastructure, the high degree connectivity raises myriad consumers' privacy and data security concerns. the advertising industry enjoyed negative attention both from the large public and the authorities because its less transparent practices online tracking and behavioral profiling. following technological developments, online tracking became increasingly sophisticated, thus longer limited the "cookies" installed the user's devices order monitor websites user visits, but can track real-time data accessed user and triangulate that with information stored about that user's location, financial data, health records, etc. these results are then complied into complex and rather comprehensive consumers' profiles that are sold digital advertising companies for better targeting their promotional campaigns. very sensitive information often collected thus violating consumer privacy. moreover, the consumers not have access the data collected about them and consequently cannot correct any inaccuracies. the internet things provides handful opportunities for cybercrimes aiming gathering data regarding intellectual property, confidential personal information, financial data, etc. consequently, the cybersecurity market continuous upward trend, being driven cybercrime. since, there dramatic rise cyber-attacks, creation malware software both for pcs, laptops, but also for smartphones and tablets, both the companies and the end users are becoming increasingly focused safeguarding their personal data and thus enhancing the cyber security. advertising market the media work changing rapid pace, given the developments technology (i.e. expansion mobile telephony, faster mobile broadband adoption, and high degree interconnectivity seen recently), users' preferences and behavior and business models. according statistics, around the population had access internet the equivalent over billion people online the number growing very fast. hence thrive such interlinked environment, the media and entertainment companies have upgraded their products offering with more developed advertising formats, more sophisticated video and more consumer centric targeting tools. the media and entertainment industry estimated have reached over usd trillion revenues, accounting for approximately share global gdp. the main driving force behind the industry's revenues greater extent, but also behind the consumer spending the digital media. the market continued fueled the transition from traditional digital media, the last years, the advertisers gradually directed their budgets towards online advertising, they benefit from increased availability consumer data and improving software for data algorithms track down consumers' preferences and thus creating better tailored ads. consequently, according recent reports and statistical data, estimated that marked the year when digital media spending equaled that for global non-digital media for the first time history. digital media was the fast-growing entertainment and media (m&e) segment, with historical -year annual growth rate compared growth rate recorded the non-digital segment. the trend expected remain the same, digital media continuing the driver the m&e industry registering growth rate while the non-digital media forecasted remain relatively flat, with growth rate only .%. media and entertainment industry revenues trillion usd) non-digital media digital media digital media defined digital advertising, broadband, over-the-top transactional and subscription digital video, satellite radio subscription spending, digital recorded music downloads, digital recorded music streaming subscriptions, digital out-of-home advertising, consumer magazine digital circulation spending, daily newspaper digital circulation spending, electronic consumer books, digital learning materials, online video games, mobile video games source: mckinsey, global media report big data dominated the advertising trends the last affect load time bandwidth decade, with google being the first paid search advertising and facebook reigning display advertising. essentially, these two internet giants account for market share digital advertising. the recent years the online advertising attracted some negative attention for being not that transparent with its practices. research regarding the consumers' opinions revealed ads are disruptive with respect consumers' experience, the latest create security concerns are intrusive that they are becoming less and less tolerant the barrage unnecessary, unwanted, irrelevant ads' messages. various surveys concerning the people's attitude online advertisements exhibited the following top concerns: therefore, considering the way the consumers' perceptions are evolving, the future online advertising looking increasingly tenuous. cyber security market the increasingly dependency technology and internet today's society has twofold effect: one side new business models and revenue streams were created, but also revealed new gaps and opportunities for the cyber-attacks, which became more complex being carried with more sophisticated malware software. the cyber attackers are trying gather valuable and sensitive data like intellectual property, personal information, health records, financial data, gaining data access through the use advanced ransomware techniques. statistically, the cyber security market valued over usd billion, being estimated surpass usd million cyber security market value (usd billion) source: statista, size the cyber security market worldwide, from (in usd billion) only more that million adults countries globally were exposed cyber security attacks. financially wise estimated that those who were the victims cybercrime globally lost over usd billion. the future, the cybersecurity market value expected increase exponentially driven the cybercrimes. according vulnerability assessment, the websites were found have vulnerabilities that can exploited cyber-attacks. cyber security market specialists consider that blockchain technology can help companies improving cyber defense, since can secure and avoid deceitful activities through the consensus algorithm and detect data tampering based its characteristics transparency, auditability, data encryption and operational resilience. blockchain current and future evolution each distributed system needs consensus algorithm validate transactions. over the last few years the proof-of-work algorithm has dominated, not say was the only one used. the cryptocurrency ecosystem evolves the race create better consensus algorithm began. the current year can become the year competition between different mining algorithms strategies. the following strategies are currently most widely known: proof-of-work (pow) (reference #). coins are distributed based the work performed the user demonstrate his input processing transactions and doing work for the whole infrastructure. this the group algorithms that provides slow calculation some result and fast verification this result. this helps ensure that miners have perform some complex computations their hardware find block, but blockchain network users that confirm this block don't need perform such computations and can easily check that result correct using low resources. proof-of-stake (pos) (reference #). coins are distributed based the user's previous investments. the more investments user has the more coins will receive. proof-of-elapsed time (poet) (reference relatively new concept. coins are distributed based the proof that the user was doing some specific action for rather long period real time. proof time algorithm was invented intel and mainly associated with their hardware platform that provides very fast consensus model. generates random numbers (wait time) miner's nodes and then chooses the node with the lowest number. so, works like lottery but with more complex algorithm designed provide more optimizations. intel promises that this algorithm cannot broken external actions and provides honest consensus model. this makes poet perfect for private blockchain when you need performant distributed storage and don't want force your hardware make complex computations. the only minus the restriction intel's platform (sawtooth lake). the proof-of-elapsed time has not become popular and well adopted yet. but the near future may intensively developed. future adoptions may not the exact algorithm designed intel, but rather some variations the concept. online.io platform context overview malicious software application that was created for particular bad purpose. most existing applications are created for normal purposes while some applications have hidden features which are not doing what expected, but fact their purpose find, steal destroy files, track any data just annoy the user. this started long time ago: the first computer virus was called elk cloner and was first found mac over years ago new kind malware appeared and was called adware. was distributed through security holes windows and internet explorer. adware can also use security holes java and flash player even javascript. but why developers create adware? the main reason monetization, course. any adware capable embedding paid advertisements brings its owners huge income. starting from pop-up ads, embedded browser toolbars, search hijacking, etc. how can stop any kinds malware from being created? can stop alter monetization and make creating malware less attractive! features for end user ... free the internet problem: historically, users had pay visible hidden fee browse the internet, the most popular methods payment currently use are advertising, ecommerce and subscription. there are no/or least next none/truly free sites currently operating, even wikipedia asks for donations from its users' base. solution: integrating online.io solution, websites will now have completely new revenue stream based time spent their visitors their webpages, that will not require any form payment from the end user. ... security problem: most the websites the internet are full ads and lots them are also infected with malware. order capitalize their websites, the operators will also appeal promoting ads, and hence they put their webpages and consequently their visitors the risk being the victims bad ads, other types malware software. solution: online.io platform will integrate custom anti-malware and ad-blocking solution that will made available end users, they can enjoy better experience all websites. mass adoption this solution also has the benefit putting pressure website operators use our system making more popular and robust. ... privacy problem: there money customers profiling. huge companies (think google and facebook) invest massively tracking users across myriad websites and actions they can profile users better sell them ads, products even information. this has the added downside that person now becomes set numbers and will tend live information bubble, you only see the information the companies think you want, the products they think you need, the ads they think you will click on. solution: online.io will integrate tracking script blocker that will severely disrupt the ability companies track and profile real people. ... quality problem: the current incentive for websites attract users them any means necessary this usually involves using tricks and immoral methods (i.e. clickbait, spam, phishing). its own system that allows website operators monetize attention and also provide clean browsing experience does not really address the issue quality and will doubt lead websites that appeal the lowest common denominator being remunerated greatly for shady tactics. solution: online.io will integrate voting platform that will allow users voice their opinions the quality the websites they visit, warning them websites they are about visit are deemed low quality. online.io ecosystem ... desktop browser extensions extensions for all the major browsers will contain the blocker, tracking script blocker, anti-malware well web wallet. the voting system will also included the extensions allowing users rate all websites, not just the ones using our solution. ... mobile applications mobile applications will function wallet, blocker, tracking script blocker, antimalware. ... wallet our wallet will work all major operating systems and browsers. mobile phones and tables will have one app for wallet, blocker, tracking script blocker, anti-malware. desktop operating systems will have dedicated app wallets. the wallet will integrated the desktop browser extensions. the wallet will feature advanced security including but not limited to: two-factor authentication; fingerprint and face recognition; second device; passphrase pin; automatic wallet encryption; vault option (you have set amount time cancel your payments before they through). ... marketplace earned lot ice? you may wish spend for getting some products services. the marketplace you can find all the places where you can pay with the ice token. ... merchant system you can accept payment multiple cryptocurrencies and receive the funds either fiat ice. opting receive the funds ice will come with commission guaranteed, while fiat payments will have commission. best market rates will applied for all payments using multiple exchanges. ... other plugins for all major ecommerce shopping solutions (shopify, magento, prestashop, opencart, woocommerce, whmcs, etc.); api sdk for custom integrations. smart contracts workflows components ... three types coins online ethereum token (oio). oio tokens are the key element the ecosystem. the web operators will required stake oio tokens order use our technology and mine ice tokens. (through proof-of-stake and proof-of-online algorithms). ice ethereum token (ice). the purpose the ice coin used for micropayments and daily use. trust token (tst). exists only within the private blockchain. used for stimulating users rank websites and for ranking gamification. tokens are described detail later. ... what online master-node? master-node will used secure the network and will receive the information from collection private nodes. the master node ethereum contract which keeps token balances. ... what are private-nodes? private nodes are controlled the network operators and will process and count the number online users each website every minute. each week the private node aggregates all usage statistics for websites and makes transaction all webmasters receive the appropriate token amount. ... prerequisites for user counted must pass turing test (cloudflare our custom verifications); the visit must last more than minute; should counted (stored the private node) every minute, once per minute. ... work with the browser addon when user visits website that using the online.io platform, will notified tooltip informing him why this website not running any ads. through this, can also install browser addon that can used wallet and protection. when you install the addon, will work also tracking blocker any other site that not using the online.io solution. the same time, this will help the online.io platform learn how block new types ads while also improving its ability classify users real not. ... use cases and roles online.io solution designed for the following types users: visitor. the internet end user who browsing the web for his own needs. webmaster. the one who owns website and wants monetize the time spent his visitors the webpageby earning the ice tokens. infrastructure operator. the organization which maintains guardian, security rules and token issuing procedures. online.io financial model ... online token (oio) the online tokens (oio) are generated once and sold the token generation event. out the maximum number tokens generated, the oio will reserved for year the company and will not available for sale during that time. after the token generation event the oio tokens will available various exchanges. the purpose the oio tokens bootstrap the development online.io platform. the oio tokens will also function proof stake and generate ice tokens, all generated ice tokens will distributed oio token holders who keep their tokens special wallet. the website operators that implement the online.io solution will have possess oio tokens able receive ice tokens based the time spent their visitors their webpages. the oio tokens required manage the websites, will kept ethereum smart contract. ... ice token (ice) fixed number ice tokens will generated every week and will distributed follows: oio token holders; founder rewards for future developments online.io solution and marketing and partnership purposes; website operators: the system will calculate score for each website based the trust rating and number visits (see "mining proof online" ..); each website will receive ice tokens amounting the percentage score from the total pool. after the oio token generation event and after some time since the first production ice tokens, they will available various exchanges. ice tokens are mined based the time spent end users websites attached the ecosystem. issue them infinitely? the ice token unlimited, but the issued amount reduced each month for years. after years, the number ice tokens generated per year remains fixed. ecosystem features our benefits mission internet without ads, trackers and malware. mineable ice tokens will mineable. mining algorithm proof stake, proof online. inflation model unlimited ice token issuance. blockchain visibility private blockchain for intermediate state trust tokens and public blockchain for the ice tokens. public blockchain ethereum javascript guardian vanilla javascript stack ecosystem features web, and mobile compatible wallets with multiple securing methods. pc, mobile, chrome firefox extensions that will block ads, trackers and malware. ecommerce plugins for popular platforms like opencart, prestashop, whmcs, etc. instant payments for those who use online.io wallet. ... trust token (tst) the trust token kept the private blockchain, due gas costs and not publicly available. end users will receive tst tokens for actions that allow the system determine the quality the websites they visit (voting, reviewing). tst tokens will also able burned allow users get rewards for them: increase their rank making their ratings and reviews more important; badges; achievements; skins; custom titles; prizes. tst tokens will not listed exchanges traded any way prevent websites from increasing their rank artificially. tst rewards will fixed per action. online.io technical specifications ... mining proof online the basis rewards for website operators will the proof-of-online which number that quantifies how many minutes users spend each website. websites will have script embedded them (for example http://online.io/script.js?site=site_id) the webserver http://online.io will node.js cluster hosted behind cloudflare. the combination cloudflare's protection and our own custom implemented solution the cluster will count real people online (multiple sessions from the same user the same time will count one). the webserver will store each website's stats. every week each website's visits will converted ice tokens after period days (visits for the month will paid the th, etc.). example: website http://example.org has average visits per day for average session duration minutes, this translates minutes per day minutes per week. http://example.org will get score of: score trust rating http://example.org will receive ice tokens amounting score/sum(score all websites) ice coins generated this round million) http://example.org has trust rating and the sum all website's score then example.org will get coins this round. ... trust rating users will able rate website from stars, stars representing the highest quality websites, star representing the lowest quality websites. the number stars will initially converted trust rating simply dividing them (i.e. stars will represent trust rating stars will represent trust rating star will represent trust rating .). default, websites with ratings will have trust rating (equivalent stars). the future, the trust rating formulae will probably evolve include many more factors. ... platform architecture .... data flow the following infrastructure keeps the websites secured with the online.io code: components diagram .... financial subsystem, private blockchain online.io private blockchain clustered replicated storage. stores users' statistics for each website information about users who have spent more than minute per session and number total minutes spent. ice tokens are issued based the time users spend online. the scheme for issuing all ice tokens given the following components diagram: the javascript guardian does all necessary checks and passes data the events microservice kept the store. when the time comes, the events aggregator builds intermediate calculations based these events. the financial dispatcher periodically triggers ice token and trust token distribute token values based the aggregated data. the store has entities described the class diagram below: the event belongs some website and may belong some user. the event theoretically exists but not want track all events under high-load conditions. track the siteweeklyaggregate instead, which accumulates all events. the user can authenticated his logon and password oauthcredentials. user has role, usersettings, and collection uservote entries. the website belongs some user and has unique uri. for website there may exist lot siteweeklyaggregate entries. each siteweeklyaggregate created for one website per one week. has the start date, and totals for time, score and votes. score total calculated based time and votes. the events and authentication microservices (api microservices) contain business logic from the class diagram below: .... private nodes it's clusterized master backend hosted cloudflare with the following functionality: receiving users' statistics (linked with website key) from private nodes, calculation generated units per-website. weekly conversion website units the ice token specified rules. sending ice token website wallets (via smart contract public blockchain) for websites that have reached required number generated units. users' identification (checks that user isn't robot, includes cloudflare functionality custom checks). .... master node public blockchain all oio and ice tokens are kept the ethereum blockchain. the contract master node receives transactions from the private node and distributes ice token accordingly. ... guardian architecture guardian embedded javascript that will included into webpages and will work the browser. the goals are: detect all external adware scripts the website and block them according the blacklist; detect that users are that webpage and there some activity from them; calculate time spent user this website and every minute notify backend that user spent more than minute this website. guardian diagram ... bad actors prevent bad actors from trying game online.io and include ads their websites well our platform, the included script and the blocking extensions will check for the presence ads the page and prevent visits that include ads from being counted towards the proof online calculation. one more method preventing abuse will use automated crawlers and check for the presence scripts the same pages and flag pages that are seen include ads. ... initialize guardian script and activity event listeners include guardian script into "head" html sure that will loaded before all other scripts; initialize guardian params (website token, blacklist, whitelist, intervals and activity counters settings); attach activity event listeners; attach mutation observer listeners (to detect website code changes). ... initialize and start verification timer what the website initially fine, but produces malicious scripts after some period time? website operator will able choose wants use hash checks not for the website. interval for this check should big enough will not abuse website performance. will periodically verify that content webpage has not changed lot. can calculate hash every iteration and the same previous time don't need validate elements. here are setting interval between webpage verifications and flag check hash not. addition, can monitor events within the dom tree find out that the website has changed greatly and need re-validate for malicious scripts. ... verification timer iteration set 'verified' flag false (to disable sending stats backend until make sure that page clean). scan for external scripts, iframes, embedded. search document and look for and tags. ii. check every found element specified (for current type) pattern and pattern matches with suspicious: create suspicious element object with specified type (script, iframe embedded), link the element dom and other required paraments. add suspicious element object the list external scripts. iii. proceed each found element the list: element blacklisted: remove from page; possible remove any instance created suspicious code global scope; notify user (via snackbar modal). element whitelisted it's hash correct continue with next element; else: remove from the page; possible remove any instance created suspicious code global scope; notify user (via snackbar modal). element not black white lists decision depends initial config parameter (can splitted into multiple rules for different types suspicious element: script, iframe, embedded). scan forms: search the dom document for tags; ii. check every element found whether it's value matches any specified (for current type) pattern and whether this pattern matches any suspicious patterns. for example, some browser extension can inject javascript sql into hidden textarea text input, form "action" attribute can modified send form data external resource: clean the suspicious attribute; notify the user (via snackbar modal) about suspicious pattern. set the "verified" flag true enable sending statistics backend; ... initialize and start the activity timer. activity timer iteration equal true: "no" iteration ends; ii. "yes": check that activity counters exceed the threshold: "no" iteration ends; "yes" send statistics backend. ... gas usage considerations .... what gas and how does work? gas ethereum the name measurement unit that used specify the amount calculations. each transaction ethereum must executed some hardware (miner's hardware). this hardware has its price amortization maintenance price. also, consumes electricity that isn't free. and access the internet also isn't free. so, can assume that transaction execution cannot free. plus, want prevent bad guys newbies from running unlimited complex calculations network hardware for free. non-free calculations within ethereum framework limit network users from running unwanted calculations. each operation has its own fixed cost gas: operation gas cost description step default amount gas pay for execution cycle. stop free. suicide free. sha paid for one sha operation. sload paid for sload operation, getting from the permanent storage. operation sstore gas cost description paid for normal sstore operation (doubled waived sometimes), putting into the permanent storage. balance paid for balance operation. create paid for create operation, contract creation. call paid for call operation, initiating read-only call. memory paid for every additional word when expanding memory. txdata paid for every byte data code for transaction. transaction paid for every transaction, basic fee. contract changed homestead from creation but gas cost cannot directly converted ethereum. ethereum market price changes rapidly and isn't related hardware price maintenance price electricity price. that's why the gas price should set ethereum per-transaction and hardware owners (miners) will decide this price enough the market decides what correct computation price dynamically. another one important moment that user sets not only gas price but also the limit gas that can used execute transaction. the issue that one transaction can initiate multiple operations that can recursively initiate another operations and user's wallet can get empty before transaction executed all required operations (that can never happen has bad malicious code). so, user sets the limit total gas that can used transaction prevent such situation. the gas paid for executed operations non-finished transaction will not returned user's wallet (execution already executed operations cannot free because electricity price and other parts cost that were described above). so, total: every operation ethereum has its cost. gas measurement unit that used specify the cost operations. user sets the price gas ethereum that can pay. it's lower than the current market price then miners will not execute this user's transaction. user sets maximum amount (in gas) that can pay for execution the whole transaction, other words "budget". the budget exceeded that transaction execution stops, and gas will paid only for already performed operations. .... why does online.io care about gas? online.io distributes ice tokens webmasters for free. but each transaction the ethereum blockchain costs gas and, finally, money. for each ice token issued, online.io needs some kind transaction the ethereum blockchain. especially this becomes important when there real bulk web sites for which the ice token needs withdrawn. also, gas price increasing over time while more and more ethereum-based projects (especially games) appear. therefore, achieve our goal keep internet clear from malware, ads and viruses, work create gas-effective algorithm ice token distribution make sure that the project will work with any amount websites and users. there too much data processed while generating ice tokens. includes information about all the websites and how much time was spent each website each visitor. this data should not loaded into the blockchain due gas considerations. so, keep anything like that data the node.js cluster which accepts data from the guardian and keeps before the ice token passed appropriate wallet. this data not publicly available. such approach best described "private blockchain". initially are going use node.js and mongodb handle this data. later are going migrate distributed ledger stack and make this data publicly available (reference #). roadmap online.io team advisors selected team members iulian serial entrepreneur with over years experience and over start-up exits. started his online venture very successful affiliate marketer which lead him the path online alexandru iulian florea founder &chief executive entrepreneurship. the founder and ceo microleaves, which under his management has grown the world largest peer-to-peer officer microleaves ltd residential proxy network with over million ips and linkedin around customers including top fortune companies. alex one romania's top software developers with vast experience over programming languages like c++, c#, java, javascript, python, php and on. also expert high concurrency scalable infrastructure and the go-to man for building optimizing systems like: crawlers, blockchain and peer-to- alexandru eftimie chief technology officer microleaves ltd peer networks. since acting the cto and head development manager microleaves, where designed and linkedin developed revolutionary proxy system. entrepreneur with proven track experience across east china ranging from machine deep learning, database speed optimisation, trade data analyses, well customer support. also, has been involved seo and mai richard china chief representative online marketing projects for various large websites. richard will responsible for managing the affairs online.io across china and will serve main point linkedin contact for those interested online.io solution. over years experience software development industry, companies like electronic arts, forbes, upwork, vodafone, sebastian our project management agile wizard. sebastian dracopol development manager sebastian also poses solid knowledge the crypto world and lot experience human resources. scrum master project manager blockchain ico agile development linkedin senior developer with wide experience working with smart contract functionality rostyslav bortman javascript ethereum developer zfort group linkedin senior level results-driven leader with exceptional knowledge establishing long-term cooperation and generating revenue. thorough understanding project management, strategic planning, operation management, business roman korzh analysis, sales training, customer service and more. the business development ability maintain and develop working relationships with consultant zfort group existing partner organizations and explore opportunities linkedin bring new potential cooperation. specialization: architect, project manager, scientific research, blockchain, data science. stack: c#, javascript, golang, multimedia transmission, crm, signal processing, iot, unix. andrew mikhailov cto zfort group linkedin business analyst, project manager; interaction and proactive work with clients; managing projects using scrumban methodology; describing logic tasks, requirements gathering; liliya girinova business analyst zfort business collecting artifacts and writing documentation under the project; linkedin compiling and prioritizing product backlog; drawing-up and control project risks technical lead and architect full stack developer typescript, javascript, python, php, sql, nosql, css, iaas/paas, serverless. anatoliy gordienko javascript department lead zfort linkedin full stack developer javascript, typescript talented art director who enjoys working wide variety vadym dolzhenko node.js developer zfort linkedin design-related areas and photography alexandru dobrin art director deklyn linkedin wide experience customer lead, able solve delicate problems and always seeking make clients happy alexandru danete customer support lead microleaves ltd. linkedin bojana marketing expert with more than years' experience big tech companies like managewp, godaddy, etc. she involved ico market since acting marketing specialist for several ico's providing strategic business consulting, brand bojana milosevic management, and marketing strategy dedicated mazee inspiring the entrepreneurial spirit and bringing business linkedin dreams life. advisors ranked blockchain advisor icon bench, part dynamic team building applications ethereum and bitcoin blockchains, writing smart contracts and launching erc tokens. end end cryptocurrency development and launch. initial coin offering (ico) nathan christian strategy, development, angel venture capital blockchain technology investment, consulting and advising. over startups consultant end end portfolio. twitter followers. ico solutions ico advisor linkedin cristian radu partner tuca zbarcea asociatii, and concentrates his practice mergers and acquisitions, securities transactions and general corporate law. cristian has significant experience restructurings and business acquisitions, cristian radu including cross-border acquisitions, disposition non-strategic businesses, divestitures, tuca zbarcea &asociatii public offerings, squeeze-out and sell-out procedures and linkedin mergers. involved all aspects structuring, negotiation and documentation these transactions. his work also includes corporate counselling and strategic advice the boards directors and other committees romanian companies disclosure issues, corporate governance practices and compliance matters. cristian has experience wide variety industries, including retail, industrial, telecommunications, energy and oil and gas, representing some the largest companies active these areas. with over years progressive experience finance and banking, andrei now serves the ceo crypto assets hedge fund and co-founder technology company enables people from emerging markets trade andrei mihai costescu crypto instantly using local fiat. jeco capital linkedin alexandru tax manager mainly covering corporate and international taxation matters. previously worked senior tax consultant with pwc, was involved various consulting and audit projects, diagnostic and fiscal reviews and mergers and acquisition alexandru manucu projects across wide range industries: automotive, tuca &asociatii tax srl energy linkedin and mining, industrial products, and communications. alexandru entrepreneur and investor with several successful exits and years' experience the online advertising industry. alexandru zota zotads linkedin diana seasoned business professional with more that years experience financial services, out which over years the management consulting practice within big companies. diana vaduva she also actively traded natural gas nymex exchange for couple years. deloitte linkedin florin engineer with years' experience managing systems like crm and marketing cloud applications. joined oracle principal technical analyst quickly taking the role team lead and mentor for florin musatoiu team engineers, also recognized one the most oracle valued employees proven awards like: oracle", linkedin "oracle pacesetter", "social networking", "team excellence" and "oracle expert" itil certified specialist, highly skilled developing and optimizing service management processes. co-founder @hubs, learning catalyst focused providing decentralized learning platform while contributing decreasing youth unemployment rates. actively involved the connected car environment and also vehicle trading, developing business both for badsi paul badea and smartogo. @hubs linkedin has more than years experience engineering and messaging encryption, with passion for building successful projects along the years cloud environments. cristian ciobanu openhosting linkedin marco the ceo and founder mazee, the leading ico community management and marketing agency. experienced ico and blockchain advisor with portfolio over icos, including clients like experty, marco calicchia remme and open platform. mazee linkedin legal aspects gdpr compliance the data protection directive //ec set replaced the new general data protection regulation (gdpr), which meant effective may th, the gdpr aims standardizing the various different privacy legalizations across the into single set rules that will enhance the users' data protection across all member states. the new digital privacy regulation applicable any organization, anywhere the world that handles citizens' personal data must comply with it. one hand, gdpr may sound intimidating since strengthens the rules regarding how organisations process personal data their customers, thus enabling stricter regulations for how use data collected and well enhancing data protection and privacy periodically conducting privacy impact assessments and better communicating data breaches. however, gdpr may seen opportunity assess and improve the way companies deliver services their clients. according consumer privacy study conducted truste/ncsa online customers state that data security and privacy are concern. moreover, report performed charted institute marketing emphasises that clients not trust companies use their data responsibly. our platform compliant the guidelines set forth the gdpr implementing privacy processes and procedures aiming fostering the transparency client's data collection, data storage and processing well data removal. more information available at: https://gdpr-info.eu/. risks buying coins, you accept significant risk. before purchasing coins, carefully consider the exemplary and non-exhaustive list risks set forth below and, the extent necessary, consult lawyer, accountant tax professional. risk weaknesses the coin transport software. the blockchain-based assets concept experimental nature, therefore yet unproven. there risk that, open source project, any contributor the software could introduce security weaknesses errors into the software, causing the loss coins. regulatory risks. will operate through the decentralized coins not through legal entity. however, there are regulatory risks. blockchain technology represents the new form economic interactions between individuals and companies where some methods are still tested, verified, and certified. likely that specific regulations some jurisdictions might set contradict the mentioned methods. such regulations may may not friendly for us, and some might even forbid any relationships using coins. loss value. the recognized value coins unpredictable. our ecosystem its representatives people associated with will not responsible for value loss and will not have buy back any coins from anyone. disclaimer warranties. the user expressly agrees that the user buying coins the user's sole risk, and that coins are created "as is" basis without warranties any kind, either expressed implied, including, but not limited to, warranties title implied warranties, merchantability fitness for particular purpose. without limiting the foregoing, none third parties individuals associated with the coins creation warrant that the process for purchasing coins will uninterrupted error-free. limitations waiver liability. you acknowledge and agree that, the fullest extent permitted any applicable law, you will not hold third parties individuals associated with the coins creation liable for any and all damages injury whatsoever caused related use of, inability use, coins the mass software under any cause action whatsoever any kind any jurisdiction, including, without limitation, actions for breach warranty, breach contract tort (including negligence) and that none the third parties individuals associated with the coins creation shall liable for any indirect, incidental, special, exemplary consequential damages, including for loss profits, goodwill data, any way whatsoever arising out the use of, inability use, creation of, inability create, coins. you further specifically acknowledge that the third parties individuals associated with the mass-tokens creation are not liable, and you agree not seek hold any the third parties individuals associated with the coins creation liable, for the conduct third parties, including other creators coins, and that the risk creating and using coins rests entirely with you. references https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/internet_privacy article internet privacy; https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/proof-of-work_system wikipedia term for the proof-ofwork system; https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/proof-of-stake wikipedia term for the proof-of-stake system; https://themerkle.com/what-is-proof-of-elapsed-time/ description the proof-ofelapset-time concept; http://www.ethdocs.org/en/latest/index.html main ethereum documentation; https://sawtooth.hyperledger.org/docs/core/releases/latest/introduction.html distributed ledger platform. https://www.symantec.com/content/dam/symantec/docs/about/-ncsir-globalresults-en.pdf https://www.symantec.com/content/dam/symantec/docs/reports/istr---en.pdf