omisego decentralized exchange and payments platform joseph poon omisego team joseph@lightning.network omg@omise.co june abstract omisego building decentralized exchange, liquidity provider mechanism, clearinghouse messaging network, and asset-backed blockchain gateway. omisego not owned any single one party. instead, open distributed network validators which enforce behavior all participants. uses the mechanism protocol token create proof-of-stake blockchain enable enforcement market activity amongst participants. this high-performant distributed network enforces exchange across asset classes, from fiat-backed issuers fully decentralized blockchain tokens (erc- style and native cryptocurrencies). unlike nearly all other decentralized exchange platforms, this allows for decentralized exchange other blockchains and between multiple blockchains directly without trusted gateway token. markets may able significantly reduce spreads and encourage market assurance via decentralizing custody and increased transparency market activity. this achieved using smart contracts, protocol tokens enforcing correct market behavior orderbook matching, new construction ethereum bonded external enforcement clearinghouse activity, and commitments historical exchange data for use with ethereum smart contracts. introduction and problem statement the primary role blockchains are solve coordination problems among multilateral agreements between network participants. ensuring transparency, assurance, and enforcement, can enable multilateral agreements where they were not previously possible. when all parties are assured that the operations are not only transparent, but also the mechanisms are guaranteed not change without significant effort, parties are more willing coordinate. participants have significantly higher guarantees that single party has difficulty forcing other parties the future into usurious rent extraction via change business processes information asymmetry. other words, any single participant more willing use systems where the business processes and mechanisms itself are not owned any other single participant. there fundamental coordination problem amongst payment processors, gateways, and financial institutions. for instance, customer bank wishes pay merchant another network. traditionally, there have been significant efforts engineering around payment systems which are compatible across payment networks and financial institutions. these are usually constructed creating clearinghouse which manages the interchange, usually via messaging network with either central counterparty clearinghouse nostro/vostro accounts. examples include fedwire, chips, swift, consumer card payment networks, nscc/dtcc, occ, and ach. these networks service different roles and functions, including local/national payments, international payments, credit, equities/asset exchange, and derivatives. these centralized networks allow for the controlling entity arbitrarily change the mechanisms, which result significant amount transaction costs via information costs, due diligence, and contractual enforcement between all parties. believe that there currently large emerging market disruption digital payments with new payment platforms (e.g. venmo, alipay, etc.). these networks have significant aversion interchange across networks, usually requires significant overhead costs trust with the interchange facility. parties are unwilling use central counterparties, neither party wishes defer the other, and use nostro/vostro accounts require bespoke contracts between participants. while the larger networks have significant incentive around protection their network effects, believe that there long-tail entities wishing provide ewallet services which require greater coordination amongst multilateral participants. these mid-size participants will able cross value across networks order reach sufficient network effects usability. the infrastructure and reference frontend for these providers will allow for the network effects encoded into this network, allowing for emerging ewallet participants instantly create high network utility. blockchains allows society externalize the world's business processes from single centralized corporations into open, decentralized computing networks. [][] omisego (omg) network which decentralizes market liquidity, orderbook matching and execution, clearinghouse custodianship, and high-scalability payments help resolve payments across these emerging ewallet payment networks. shifting these business processes traditionally placed into single corporation, possible provide ewallet providers entire interchange process decentralized high-performant open network. design approach the end-state requirement construction decentralized mechanism for ewallet platforms holding fiat-backed value (as well native, opt-in, support for cryptocurrencies). the ewallet fiat tokens will have the ability use ether the decentralized, public ethereum[][] chain (or any other decentralized cryptocurrency) the interchange/intermediary cross for maximum efficiency. believe that this allows for significant more activity and value decentralized cryptocurrencies, will serve useful venue for many ewallet platforms. it's core function for this decentralized network ewallet interchange, blockchain ledger omisego necessary hold the general balance funds per ewallet service (or any user/node). this ledger must able hold funds across many assets/commodities. however, merely holding ledger insufficient for interchange. the mechanism must also allow trade these assets/commodities. order perform interchange, requires order placed across many different pairs open public market. this requires decentralized orderbook and trading engine. the trading engine built into the omg blockchain, orders are published and matches are performed part every block when matched order has reached sufficient number validation confirmations. this results non-custodial decentralized exchange held single party where the ewallet platforms may exchange onto other ewallet platforms without centralized trust single entity. however, direct crosses between ewallet fiat tokens may not desirable, there may too many. would necessary use cryptocurrency for liquid market without single preference. bonding ethereum into smart contract (or bitcoin-like tokens into bonded clearinghouses), possible lock ether onto the activity the omg chain allow for ewallet pairs occur over ether other cryptocurrencies, creating liquid market (if every pair crosses with eth, spreads would much smaller provided low currency volatility). for activity requiring very small spreads, may emerge that some ewallet tokens will used interchange crossing; however, there's strong incentive use decentralized tokens for settlement due coordination/trust advantages related programmatic adjudication. ewallet fiat tokens may also cross using other ewallet tokens necessary, but bonding which don't affect short-term exchange rate fluctuations smart contract activity will primarily eth (e.g. htlc clearinghouse, liquidity providing, and omg chain enforcement). allowing for cryptocurrencies the backing for ewallet platforms, the platforms can assured even playing field between ewallet interchange activities. this requires greater degree liquidity funds locked up, and the omisego decentralized exchange may not desirable transact for low-value interchange activity (e.g. for high-volume micropayments). not every payment between two distinct ewallets must performed using trade the decentralized exchange. there expectation, that ewallets will hold some reserve fiat tokens other ewallets, ready used for smaller transfers popular directions. constructions such lightning network[] allow for payments occur off-chain when ewallets hold balances facilitate rapid payments. implementations allow for payments across bitcoin[] and ethereum[], which can easily ported the omg chain for ewallet balances. the result the omisego blockchain construction allows for ewallet interchange, supported decentralized exchange, cryptocurrency (e.g. eth) matching, orderbook, and clearinghouses without full-custody trust. decentralized liquidity hub for channels the construction has the additional benefit allowing for decentralized liquidity pool created for use with payment channels various cryptocurrencies, such bitcoin (and some extent ethereum). for individual token payments blockchains, there need scale the underlying blockchain activity which does not affect the underlying chain reduce computational pressure validating/mining nodes. therefore necessary conduct lightning network activities (or similar constructions using channels). however, lightning network faces significant pressure around network effects with capital, it's desirable prevent liquidity pools from centralizing single trusted entity. using the same mechanisms the decentralized clearinghouse, can create lightning network hub which not owned any single individual tokens which support more complex smart contracts (e.g. ethereum, erc--like tokens, etc.). for currencies with simple smart contracts, any node the network (e.g. bitcoin network) can act gateway into the omg chain pool and cross back with any other participant. this allows the omisego chain offload lot on-chain activity, while encouraging decentralization. believe that the natural network effects liquidity centralization can mitigated decentralized stake-chains with deterministic/known consensus rules. for ethereum particular (and other full-featured smart-contract scripting blockchains), all participants set channels into eth smart contract operating single pool funds. the chain state the omg chain reflects the current balance participants. this allows for any participant supply liquidity onto this network which can allocated accordance the omg-chain consensus rules (limits may place early prevent this blockchain from sucking all the spare liquidity from the cryptocurrency space this construction successful before robust testing/validation over time). these funds can thereby used for any liquidity activity the omg chain. blockchain overview and mechanism the above mechanisms require significant volume activity (with large amount state), and not this time suitable for all activity occur the ethereum main chain, however the construction would bond trading activity the public ethereum chain with contract execution input being provided the omg chain. are building blockchain which hooks into other blockchains allow for trading across token/asset classes, largely backed ether. from the perspective any individual chain, are building scalable blockchain whose contract state bonded the activities the omg chain itself. activity other chains can interlink with this chain via interchain committed proofs similar (but constructed differently) btc relay[] the omg chain which can submitted ethereum. the omg chain validates the activity the behavior all participants (including activity other chains). other words, the role the omg token providing computation and enforcement. the token itself acts bond for its activity this blockchain, improper activity results the token/bond being burned the omg chain. creating custom chain with deep enforcement, are able construct system where consensus rules optimize for high-performant activity. the design optimizes for rapid execution and clearing, with slower settlement. future iterations may include sharding the omg chain, but the initial iteration will presume high-throughput capacity for block propagation. owning omg tokens buys the right validate this blockchain, within its consensus rules. transaction fees the network including (but not limited to) payment, interchange, trading, and clearinghouse use, are given non-faulty validators who enforce bonded contract states. the token will have value derived from the fees derived from this network, with the obligation/cost providing validation its users. this token must have value, prevent low-cost attacks and necessary enforce this network. may our roadmap allow for delegating validation third-parties, whereby limited amount can slashed time before re-delegation required (the exact mechanism not yet specified for security modeling). this will designed high-performant system, linked-via-proof blockchain construction necessary. expect that this system will able handle extremely high volumes transactions and hence, will only final delivery over ethereum. clearing and settlement occurs over the omisego blockchain. consensus rules are enforced via this proof-of-stake network. part the consensus rules this network, required that all omg (omise go) validators also run the ethereum network validate parallel, resulting ethereum first-class citizen with regards inter-blockchain validation. assumed for features such ethereum/erc- bonding and withdrawals that bls signature schemes (or alternatively schnorr) will enabled ethereum the near future. for cryptocurrencies, these tokens are non-custodial and instead locked smart contracts (unlike other exchange platforms such ripple, which requires trusted gateways representing the underlying). also does not rely named centralized validation sets (e.g. ripple). the omg blockchain manages matching and managing order execution the ethereum chain. activity the omg ensures the validator activity also may enforced the ethereum chain via native ethereum smart contracts. for bitcoin and bitcoin-like systems, allow for trading via clearinghouse network the lightning network. the blockchain enforces activity this network via committed proofs. while not robust ethereum's network, allows for near-instantaneous clearing and settlement activity orchestrated the omg chain without full-node validation. expect partial validation the future for nodes which not allow for blockchain reorgs; naive spv validation with blockchains that support reorgs are not permitted this network for security. detailed description the consensus mechanism and security properties will provided joseph poon exonumia labs, inc (currently in-progress) forthcoming paper summer the construction the paper (and subsequently with the implementation used omisego) will likely useful for many future open source token protocol blockchain projects, and may provide novel constructions for emerging chains such creating incentives for distributed data processing, and inter-blockchain financial activity. hope omisego and its distributed exchange will critical core helping lead the way providing base-layer technologies/infrastructure which can spark and launch the entire protocol token ecosystem. initial versions omisego may use aspects tendermint consensus. light client validation while omisego constructed high-performance network capable handling many transactions, will become necessary produce light client proofs for partial validation, well for external smart contract enforcement. merkle tree committed transactions per block will included, well commitment the recent block state. the current state can acquired any node downloading the recent block state commitment and any blocks between then. the recent block state includes tree the recent state, clients are able get view the recent commitment without downloading the entire chain. note that this only possible there sufficient economic incentive against reorganization and halting attacks; the omg chain designed heavily disincentive block reorgs via bonded proofs, but does not provide guarantees around the need for block confirmations. similar current spv bitcoin validation implementations, there some trust given fullnodes with regards censorship risk; not expect committed bloom maps feasible for the decentralized exchange given the transaction volume. light clients can validate that sufficient number validators have processed the transactions, well any partial data acquired from fullnodes. heavily recommended for clients validate activity the ethereum chain well, due the omg chain smart contract constructions. ewallets while omisego supports payments, not designed first and foremost payment processor within specific ewallet payment providers (epp). our belief that there coordination problem within single epp, and the coordination problem lies primarily between epps. however, due the need for transactions between epps, payment activity may conducted over blockchain. this blockchain allows for the epp provide token issuance omisego. this allows for fiat-denominated currencies backed fiat the platform, for any asset class (such loyalty points). omisego open system allowing for anyone issue assets, but individual users (or epps acting behalf the users) ensure correct issuance/auditing. this achieved creating issuance attached script (with private keys) which allows for issuance. alternative approach would issue erc- tokens ethereum, lock them smart contract and handle omisego chain similar approach what one would handle existing erc- tokens omisego chain (rep, gnt etc.). the default configuration, presumed that epp holds funds directly behalf its users for ease-of-use. this similar full-custodian cryptocurrency wallets such coinbase many centralized exchanges today. this allows for the epp construct fee-free transactions within their own network, doesn't result blockchain activity. however, may also possible withdraw directly from the epp and transact their issued token (e.g. fiat currency) the omisego chain (but transfers may result on-chain fees not transferred within epps custodial account on-chain). this allows for decentralized transfers, well serving the needs some epps which need zero-fee transactions their own network. the epp may provide software which centralized similar many hosted cryptocurrency wallets, which significantly reduces deployment time, and only payments crossing networks hosted the epp's infrastructure. third parties may also the future develop decentralized wallets which can hold epp balances on-chain. building ewallet platform part the blockchain, will possible directly exchange fiat-backed tokens with decentralized currencies and protocol tokens the omg blockchain. ewallet compliance transfer restrictions requiring certificate from the issuer the token may allowed for issued tokens (not decentralized cryptocurrencies) depending upon issuer policy. epp may require kyc validation before signing certificate. restrictions include limitations transfers only certificate holders and flow control (limitation transfers per account flow and maximum account balance for that particular issued token). this does not apply tokens which not flag these restrictions, nor decentralized crytpocurrencies. the responsibility each epp ensure licensing and compliance with their issued token. decentralized exchange the central component for ewallet interchange platform decentralized exchange. while this supports issued tokens from epps, also supports trading between decentralized cryptocurrencies. decentralized exchange may ideal for ewallet interchange, they may have different underlying representations value, and even when transacting with the same underlying, there's different counterparty risk and costs. ewallet different from ewallet b's, even they are backed the same thing. for that reason, liquid market necessary for proper market operation (even the exchange rate differences are miniscule). the decentralized exchange will initially use batch-auction construction where every round exchange matching occurs. possible buy into particular rounds (block-heights), leave open orders rounds until the order filled. batch auction allows for orders placed and execution happens once specific interval. this construction allows for higher assurance and performance over decentralized network. orders may left the orderbook, but execution can happen quick enough comparable emv card terminals (requires more research with the consensus mechanism). the event there insufficient speed for particular use cases, epps are responsible for holding balances other epps they wish support for fast transactions (they may charge higehr spread), this can used for things like small everyday purchases and larger value purchases are via the decentralized exchange. while desirable able perform low-latency high-frequency order execution, there are significant impediments doing decentralized network. necessary function order matching that execution occurs single point. without execution where order occurs with single "engine", opens the possibility either sybil attacks trust single party. one can make order and have execution occur many places, then real order commitment has occurred one can easily sybil the network and pretend self-execute. additionally, with untrusted execution venues, it's not possible create ticker for use externally with smart contracts necessary function this network. the purpose this network designed with the goal being the preeminent high-value exchange and settlement platform (not high-volume low-value network). alternative which allows for fast execution with low-latency would allowing for external centralized venues, however, this establishes trust execution single entity. trading liquidity naturally centralizes (far stronger than payment centralization), there are significant trust/coordination problems, which end looking like current cryptocurrency exchanges (with the only difference being that non-custodial). this construction, however, does not resolve significant coordination problems around participants needing resolve coordination issue around not wanting trade single trusted vendor. the goal omisego's decentralized exchange have transparent, known execution behavior. believe that trusted non-custodial execution credible option complement decentralized execution engine and omisego may support these platforms the future well. mature decentralized exchange has the benefit over non-custodial trusted execution environment being able use decentralized oracle for smart contracts. this decentralized exchange designed high-performant where orders are propagated over the proof-of-stake network. when sufficient participants have the order with block confirmations, the order then placed the order book. the order book for particular batch-execution point running tally all orders which not execute until the batch-execution point (so there are orders which are matched the book). the initial configuration includes transparent orders, but possible fauxcoin-like construction whereby blinded orders are placed, then more orders are accepted, the blinding keys are released the participants who placed orders, and finally execution occurs after set time. initial versions will use fully transparent system (which batch-execution format mitigates some amount adversarial behavior). the result system where trade execution occurs single "engine", namely that proof-of-stake decentralized exchange, but with the assurance that the rules execution transparent and verifiable. ethereum trading omg requires fullnode validation the public ethereum blockchain for maximum efficiency and security, it's possible create contract the ethereum blockchain which locks funds dependent upon the condition the omg chain. these funds are now bonded and locked and its activity enforced the omg chain. when order executes, proof provided unlock the funds the ethereum side. this construction presumes that schnorr bls signatures will available ethereum the near future. transaction tracks the activity the omg chain, and needs some level maturity confirmations before payment delivered the ethereum chain. funds can still settled omg and balances updated for continued trading, only for final delivery when the payment occurs ethereum. the behavior the omg chain enforces the behavior payments the ethereum chain. non-adversarial environment, lightning-like construction available where user can provide payment directly without proof, and the payment not disputed after certain amount block maturity, paid out without needing blockchain proof/computation. the event the payment does not match the state the omg chain, anyone can provide proof and the sender's balance would slashed. this allows for greater computational and bandwidth efficiency the ethereum chain. this construction the omg chain for trading ethereum, ethereum-like chains, and ethereum issued tokens similar erc- using bonded smart contracts. comparison with other works trade fundamental aspect financial activity. surprise that there have been other efforts build cryptocurrency exchange structure. centralized full-custody cryptocurrency exchanges such poloniex are highperformant, but relies upon the trust single party hold custody responsibly, and execute orders honestly. networks such ripple (xrp) rely upon trusted named validators reach consensus, which game theoretically converge unchangable set. additionally, ripple's trading functionality relies upon trading issued assets its own platform (with significant issues related custody selection), the decentralized exchange cannot trade ether bitcoin without creating issued gateway. many decentralized exchange platforms using evm smart-contracts rely upon either doing things directly on-chain (which forces everything the ethereum network and does not permit cross-blockchain activity), they things off-chain without single execution engine. the omg chain designed operate trading across chains (e.g. eth-btc) without using full-custody issued assets for native cryptocurrencies. emerging networks may also provide designs related decentralized exchange, e.g. cosmos. these networks are not yet fully deployed, cannot properly evaluate compare the differences. bitcoin clearinghouse for bitcoin and bitcoin-like systems, the other hand, possible create system where trading btc and other similar blockchains are possible well using assets bonded external the system with clearinghouses. essentially, this construction allows for the clearinghouse operate oracle[] with activity bonded and enforced the omg chain enable decentralized exchange with bitcoin-like blockchains. this builds upon the work tier nolan[] conduct rapid decentralized exchange based external exchange execution engine. clearinghouses are used ensure that payments occur the bitcoin blockchain. use clearinghouses instead spv proofs, prevent adversarial incentives bitcoin miners generate blocks which are incompatible with consensus but valid with spv proofs order attack external systems (reorg attacks one's own chain costly, but external attacks are cheap). for bitcoin-like systems this system requires either malleability fix (e.g. segregated witness) combination psh/bip-/cltv/csv available only transparent addresses. clearinghouses are necessary it's not currently possible for complex enforcement contract state bitcoin. these clearinghouses are responsible for disclosing activity the bitcoin (or bitcoin-like) chain generating preimages and hashes. the hashes are committed activity which the clearinghouse responsible for, and are bonded. they release incorrect preimages refuse disclose preimages the omg chain, anyone can provide proof malfeasance and the clearinghouse gets slashed. note that this requires the clearinghouse have funds available the bitcoin side, well funds available for bonding the omg chain. for the bonded amount, this only persists until the funds can cleared and settled the bitcoin side, ideally doesn't require extreme amount funds. clearinghouses operate lightning channel, but they hold not only funds their side the channel, but multiple expected fund flows the omg chain held eth (e.g. for what fund flows they are responsible for account for exchange rate fluctuations). figure alice and bob have lightning network channel with carol the clearinghouse the bitcoin blockchain. the payment preimage generated carol and release the preimage enforced bonded commitments the omisego chain. presume alice wishes sell bitcoin and bob wishes buy bitcoin and they both have channels open with carol the clearinghouse. all are the omg chain, and designate carol acceptable clearinghouse intermediary. note that transfers may occur over multiple clearinghouses both parties designate acceptable, and that trades may only occur with intersection acceptable clearinghouses between trading participants. carol the clearinghouse locks funds ethereum smart contract determined the consensus rules the omg chain and the smart contract. carol provides signed proof that particular hashes (which were generated carol's preimages which this point time only carol knows). she provides the hashes with corresponding value btc she responsible for, and signature. this can used proof the omg chain (and the ethereum smart contract case carol faulty)[]. when alice wants sell bitcoin, she creates htlc payment contingent upon release value that carol provided. similarly, when bob wants receive bitcoin carol sends htlc contingent upon release value that carol provided bob. these values are associated the omg chain with particular people, and the funds are now available execute the decentralized exchange. when trade executes the omg decentralized exchange, e.g. alice sells btc for eth and bob buys btc for eth, the trade now cleared the omg chain. everyone now has the responsibility and obligation execute the trade. the responsibility for carol release the preimages for the relevant which alice and bob execute the trade onto the omg chain. bob can use this information pull the funds the bitcoin chain, and carol now has the right pull the funds from alice. carol refuses release the preimages within the relevant amount time the omg chain, her funds are slashed and the eth delieverd alice and/or bob (with the penalties mitigate exchange rate fluctuations and disincentive for carol from acting faulty). carol incorrectly releases values she should not have, then proof can provided the omg chain any party and carol penalized and funds given the party which has the clearinghouse exchange contract locked with the value. clearinghouses may not need directly connected participants (alice, bob), they can pay over routed network, hence they can maximize capital efficiency. the clearinghouse able charge fee for use their clearinghouse for all activity. there some trust the clearinghouse being able make payments, but there trust-minimization their activity (as their activity bonded the omg chain). side note, this construction also useful for rapid expiration htlcs via externalized bonding, and can way construct payments with incredibly rapid timeout expiration measured minutes. doesn't require the clearinghouse lock bitcoin, only have bonded release information enforced the clearinghouse. further explanation this construction forthcoming separate paper. note that this only possible since the omg chain heavily discourages reorgs. the end-result the ability have decentralized exchange outside bitcoin. believe this novel construction, the activity participant the bitcoin network enforced external decentralized exchange via clearinghouse operated bitcoin with economic incentives, and that enforced release preimages via external conditions allow for bitcoin used for trade protocol token blockchains. smart contract data feed vwap recent trade executions computed and published periodically the omg blockchain consensus rule. this allows external contracts use merkle-tree spv proofs trade execution prices and volume, hopefully creating greater viability smart contracts. figure periodic commitments the datafeed will exist the omisego blockchain. this allows for external validation via merkle root commitments the blockchain header. the trade datafeed includes popular exchange pairs with the last trade price, volume, and various vwap conditions (various times and/or blockheights). primary function any exchange not only managing the orderbook and executions, but having feed for use with party systems. allows for party systems able use this information and for participants net out activity single venue. the basis for exchange-rate/pricing mechanism necessary for all manner (smart) contracts, access this system allows for participants these external contracts using the exchange data feed have greater assurance and transparency execution. this allows for participants contracts create contracts with knowledge the behavior and access the decentralized exchange. participants use the price oracle feed the omisego chain the basis for pricing smart contracts, they can have greater assurance execution placing orders the omg chain, this creates significant network effects the omg chain with greater adoption smart contracts. lightning liquidity provider there fundamental concern around centralization pressures around the network effects capital liquidity. many are concerned that the lightning network allows for the potential centralize around handful nodes which allows for rent extraction. lightning network designed avoid this type rent extraction for nodes with great deal liquidity, however, there some optimal benefit having well connected nodes. possible construct mechanisms similar the clearinghouse the section above whereby node can bond activity the omg chain, and the omg chain can act single lightning hub with great deal liquidity. for eth and eth-like channels, this possible lock smart contracts directly. for btc-based channels, this possible, but channel participant activity enforced eth-backed bonds the omg chain. payments get sent into participant the omg chain, and outgoing activity enforced via commitments this chain. limitations are necessary before omg platform maturity order prevent too much capital being allocated into this system. this allows for the creation giant liquidity pool, which incentivize fund availability for clearinghouses and the decentralized exchange. economic implications for omisego tokens transaction fees are native the omisego chain. the validators earn fees from validating the activity this blockchain. payments and interchange fees are used pay for activity this network and incentivize honest activity. bonding has cost, those who bond behalf others this network will likely charge fees, e.g. clearinghouses. limitations this network open network, necessary for accurate trading activity require activity the decentralized exchange eventually public, even with blinded commitments/bids. while new cryptography possible via snarks, currently too slow and resource intensive for high-volume trading network. are currently optimizing for performance and speed. since this pseudonymous network natively (with optional aml/kyc constructions for issued tokens). spv validation other chains presumed insecure with blockchains that not discourage reorganizations. for chains which allow reorgs, either full-node validation that chain required htlc-clearinghouse construction needed. presumes that ethereum will create greater reliability and guarantees around finality (current proof-ofstake research). these technologies are new and not yet tested. while will our best construct with maximum security adversarial setting, are modeling the security model these mechanisms which require real-world use case with human behavior properly understand. when interaction between chains, difficult roll-back errors, one should only put the minimum necessary transact time this chain when doing significant decentralized cross-blockchain activities. initial versions may have less robustness adversarial settings, and recommend lower values stake, often times attacks (especially denial service attacks) are resolved over time the software develops. performance and real-world behavior implications the design not yet clear. not yet clear what the long-term value participants this network can derive, and may affected competition this space, there are guarantees provided participating validator, this area which still being technically explored this space. the total value cleared transfers (but not yet settled) any one time must below the total bonded value the validators. possible bond additional amount, but may not necessary the total value the token sufficiently high. further modeling necessary enforcement mechanisms inherent the system. execution this vision ultimately the responsibility the omisego team, the authors not part the omisego team are principally only responsible for providing technical guidelines and the architecture. conclusion with the emerging popularity ewallet platforms, siloed networks are becoming problem. this creates unique opportunity for fiat tokens interchange across decentralized network, along with cross compatibility with cryptocurrencies. order build this decentralized interchange network, requires not only blockchain well-suited for payments and interchange issued tokens, but also decentralized exchange which supports these activities, well incentives around creating well-functioning liquidity pools. eventually, these issued tokens may asymptotically get closer and closer full decentralization (including user-owned keys) which maximizes agency the individual. this can achieved creating not only transparency the business process payment interchange, but also removing the ownership the business process itself from single trusted entity. omisego allows for stakeholders, from individuals issuers, have significantly greater assurance the financial mechanisms society. acknowledgements thanks piotr dobaczewski for contributions this paper, well rick dudley and vitalik buterin for input and feedback. licence this document licensed apache references fred erhsam. blockchain tokens and the dawn the decentralized business model. https://blog.coinbase.com/ app-coins-and-the-dawn-of-the-decentralized-business-model-bcef. fred erhsam. tokens, why how. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkthoryc. ethereum. ethereum. https://ethereum.org. gavin wood. ethereum: secure decentralised generalised transaction ledger. http://szabo.best.vwh.net/formalize.html, feb nick szabo. formalizing and securing relationships public networks. http:// szabo.best.vwh.net/formalize.html, sep joseph poon and tadge dryja. lightning network. https://lightning.network/ lightning-network-paper.pdf, mar satoshi nakamoto. bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system. bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf, oct https:// raiden. raiden network. https://raiden.network/. joseph chow. btc relay. http://btcrelay.org/. bitcoin wiki. using external state. example_:_using_external_state. https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/contract# tier nolan. re: alt chains and atomic transfers. https://bitcointalk.org/index. php?topic=.msg#msg. ilja gerhardt and timo hanke. homomorphic payment addresses and the pay-tocontract protocol. http://arxiv.org/abs/., dec