revolution ecommerce through blockchain technology ecom token whitepaper http://omnitude.tech contents disclaimer page introduction omnitude page what omnitude? page what the ecom token? page the state ecommerce page ecommerce fraud page omnitude solution page supply chain page omnitude solution page identity confirmation page omnitude solution page the cost doing business page omnitude solution page about omnitude page the omnitude ecosystem page the ecom token omnitude page page token sale distribution page use the sale proceeds page team members page omnitude foundation page adoption collaboration page core principles page road map page end page disclaimer while this document does not preclude the omnitude foundation from offering holders ecom tokens share the fees and revenue generated from the commercial applications the omnitude ecosystem, such offer, any, and the extent thereof, will the sole and absolute discretion the omnitude foundation. accordingly, there assurance whatsoever whether such offer will made and holders ecom tokens should not have any expectation receiving such offer. the premises, ecom token should construed, interpreted, classified treated enabling, according any opportunity to, purchasers participate receive profits, income, other payments returns arising from connection with the omnitude ecosystem, the ecom tokens the proceeds the ecom token sale (as described this document), receive sums paid out such profits, income, other payments returns. page omnitude will make the online retail marketplace more transparent, more profitable and more secure. omnitude blockchain smart platform that connects blockchain technologies, ecommerce platforms and enterprise systems involved building end-to-end supply chains. utilising omnitude integration layer between existing systems enables rapid deployment blockchain technology without the need replace current systems. page omnitude enables businesses solve problems ways that were not previously possible, without the rise blockchain technology. omnitude can help achieve: the creation transparent and accountable manufacturing and supply chains significant reduction ecommerce fraud the enablement single customer identity for use across any omnitude connected ecommerce site blockchain integration between enterprise systems such erp wms ....and many more solutions from omnitude and the community built omnitude apps. page the omnitude platform will itself open and transparent, enabling anyone design and build omnitude applications integrate with existing solutions ecommerce, supply chain and enterprise systems. aim revolutionise ecommerce and supply chains with blockchain technologies. page what omnitude? omnitude pioneering project revolutionise connectivity between blockchain technologies and ecommerce platforms enterprise systems. the omnitude platform will act middleware, enabling simple integration blockchain technology into existing systems and doing so, transforming their capabilities. will this two phases... page phase one the first phase omnitude will launch the omnitude platform, this will enable connectivity between numerous technologies and platforms and allow them take advantage blockchain technology quickly and efficiently. phase two during the second phase, both the community and the omnitude team will build omnitude apps solve specific use cases. there are already several omnitude apps designed for launch that are detailed the use cases section. page omnitude technology will enable wide variety different applications built. the omnitude team will build its own, whilst supporting the community develop their own, through open documentation, example code and support. page help fund these initiatives are launching our ecom utility token. well offering opportunity integral part the omnitude community, the ecom token presents robust option realise the potential rewards that groundfloor involvement means for this pioneering project. page what the ecom token ecom token will launched alongside the omnitude platform. merchants, customers and suppliers will require ecom, crypto currency fiat participate the omnitude ecosystem. the initial ecom tokens issued will used fund the development the omnitude platform and ecosystem, incentivise participants operate and secure this ecosystem and create common settlement method for people participate the omnitude ecosystem. page the state ecommerce page terms volume and value global ecommerce sales were estimated worth trillion, and are projected grow trillion that big business any measure. this china and the will combine for trillion ecommerce sales representing global ecommerce revenue. mobile commerce will account for more than ecommerce sales both china and india, and south korea. germany, the and us, mcommerce will comprise least one-third total retail ecommerce sales. https://www.emarketer.com/report/worldwide-retail-ecommerce-sales-emarketersestimates-/ ... but this market grows does the potential for fraud and the imperative for transparency for everyone. page ecommerce fraud this booming online industry facing some serious challenges. fact, percent merchants and suppliers have lost more than million revenue due challenges faced when integrating cross-channel capabilities into their commerce strategy, according worldsync's recently released study, charting course for llglobal commerce. online payment fraud set not only keep the pace, but grow even bigger problem for ecommerce merchants. card not present (cnp) accounts for all card fraud many developed countries, according juniper research, and it's increasing. for every spent through ecommerce, fraudsters stole cents. part the problem that customers must use either slow bank transfer credit card, mechanisms that expose customer and merchant the risk 'phishing', 'pharming' and 'man-in-the middle' attacks. the misuse chargeback rights, either friendly fraud chargeback fraud, are the methods which the majority fraud losses are surrendered. according the nilson report, billion will lost chargebacks percent customer disputes involve fraudulent/mistaken unfounded product/servicerelated chargebacks. page the omnitude solution ecommerce fraud this turbulent environment, the need for effective, state-of-the-art solution prevails. omnitude's single identity and single reputation will provide the means help merchants reduce the most usual form ecommerce fraud, identity theft, whereby fraudulent transactions are undertaken using different identity, typically spending someone else's credit card account. the omnitude solution addresses all the major forms fraud using blockchain technology. providing users with single identity the blockchain, omnitude will relieve merchants from the need keep and secure extensive local databases containing sensitive personal data about their customers. such databases are risk being compromised 'hacking'. the risk chargeback fraud also minimised reducing the use credit cards. omnitude will also reduce merchant fraud (i.e. the collecting payment upfront, but with subsequent failure deliver). omnitude will facilitate staged release payments depending stage delivery. page supply chain supply chains are made physical and financial supply chains. the former consist the physical movement goods from supplier customer; the later run the reverse direction and consist financial flows from customer supplier. supply chain finance big business, with trillion financeable highly secure payables globally, and overall supply-chain effectiveness impacted significantly inefficiencies the financial side. particular, manual reconciliation between payment orders and invoices time-consuming, costly, vulnerable errors, and subject delays arising from differences between clearing systems. simultaneously imports counterfeit and pirated goods are worth nearly half trillion dollars year, around global imports. retailers say their sales are hurt phony goods. goods imported into the european union are fakes; these substandard, faulty, and often dangerous. goods can include; foods, machine and auto parts, chemicals, medicines, toys, baby formula, medical instruments, perfumes and handbags. page supply chain increasingly, customers demand real time knowledge the location their packages the delivery cycle. over two billion items were delivered households across the uk, increase the previous year. recent survey* online delivery showed that both customers and e-tailers want more updates from delivery companies the location and status their order; customers stated they did not receive dispatch and delivery date notifications; e-tailers that they did not receive delivery confirmation. *'supply-chain finance: the emergence new competitive landcape', mckinsey company, october page the omnitude solution supply chain omnitude's supply chain solution will allow individual items shipments tagged with identifiers tracked they move along the supply chain, for example from raw materials, components, assembled goods, finished products, final customer delivery. whilst travelling through the supply chain, key points, item's location will recorded trusted 'witnesses' and written immutably omnitude's blockchain. smart contracts running each omnitude node will track the item's progress, and release payments shippers suppliers milestones are reached, without the need for manual reconciliation, and regardless how many different parties are involved the supply chain. omnitude's supply chain blockchain will create real-time, auditable, tamper-proof record product's full journey, from 'first-mile' customer. omnitude will allow individual items tagged with unforgeable crytographic identifiers (e.g. painted graphene security tags, quickly and easily readable smartphone), identified serial number, tracked establish provenance and authenticity. key points during item's journey from first-mile customer, its location will recorded trusted 'witnesses' and written immutably omnitude's blockchain. later, using just smartphone, customer purchasing the item, retailer receiving the item from supplier, can verify the item's history matches the seller's claims. the omnitude tracker app will show the route market traced the item, whether was recorded stolen lost. omnitude will allow retailers better match payment with progress through supply chain. merchants will have improved ability make staged payments ('micropayments') counterparties their products move along the supply chain. page identity confirmation customers must usually provide details about their identity (e.g. name, email, phone, address and payment details), and about their preference information (e.g. style, sizing, delivery times) when transacting online with merchant. usually, this information must provided every time they transact with new merchant, even though the same information being provided each time. additionally, each merchant must expend effort and incur costs record this data and safeguard properly. buyers depend heavily online customer reviews for their buying decisions, even when these reviews are written complete strangers. evidence suggests online customer reviews are now more important than ads, branded websites, print ads and media. businesses are under increasing pressure show positive reviews. however, researchers now estimate that one-third online reviews are phony, and posted falsely either the merchant itself, boost, competitor, damage the business involved. https://smallbiztrends.com///importance-of-online-reviews page the omnitude solution identity confirmation omnitude's single identity will reduce effort required merchants establish customer identity, and provide simplified, quicker onboarding experience for customers. customers with omnitude identity (oid) will enter their own identity and preference data once, which will verified the merchant and then encrypted and recorded the omnitude blockchain. each time they transact with merchant, the customer will able submit, from the omnitude clientapp, the identity and preference information already verified the first merchant order complete the transaction. this will accelerate and ease the purchasing process, increasing customer satisfaction and loyalty. turn, merchants will need expend less effort verifying customer identities, they will able check the provided data against its hash the omnitude blockchain. participant the first build new, complete omnitude single identity for given customer, that participant will earn ecom from merchants each time those other merchants make use that customer's omnitude single identity. merchant will pay ecom: participant's ow, they make use single identity built initially that participant; customer's ow, they make use that customer's single identity. page the omnitude solution identity confirmation proof interaction (poi) omnitude's proof-of-interaction will provide the means establish that reviewer has verifiable history interaction with the merchant they are reviewing. each time customer with omnitude ('oid') transacts with merchant with oid, record will encrypted and written the omnitude blockchain the merchant. when the customer elects submit review the online merchant, the oids and private keys both customer and merchant will used first verify from the omnitude blockchain that the customer has transacted with that merchant. they have, the customer will allowed submit review. while certain personal details identifying the reviewer could hidden, other details could shown help other customers validate the review, e.g. where the reviewer was based; how many transactions the reviewer had with that merchant, and over what period; and the total value goods services purchased across all the reviewer's interactions with that merchant. omnitude's proof-of-interaction will also reduce affiliate fraud. (i.e. the manipulation traffic signup statistics glean more money from affiliate program). all parties have oid, parties the affiliate program will able specify required minimum level interaction minimum transaction history between the referrer and the referree signups for the signups included into the program. omnitude's proof-ofinteraction will provide the basis for establishing compliance with these terms. omnitude's proof-of-interaction will also enhance loyalty programmes, providing immediate data about customer's purchases from given merchant. merchant will pay ecom: customer's omnitude wallet ('ow'), that customer submits review customer's ow, relation that customer's points earned loyalty program affiliate's referrer's ow, whenever the conditions for doing under the respective program have been fulfilled customer will pay ecom: page merchant's ow, that merchant writes encrypted proof-of-interaction-specific data about the transaction the omnitude blockchain the omnitude solution identity confirmation single reputation omnitude's single reputation will build trust between merchants, customers and suppliers. with oid, whenever customer and merchant (or merchant and supplier) transact, their reputation legitimate and known the blockchain. single reputation will allow tracking automatically and objectively whether goods are shipped promptly, and whether payments are made time and full. transactions recording completion shipping and payment milestones will written the omnitude blockchain. whenever any two parties with oids interact subsequently, their oids and private keys can used unlock data from the blockchain confirm the 'good standing' (in shipping, delivery and payment terms) each party across the omnitude ecosystem. participant will pay ecom: page another participant's ow, any time they make use that participant's single reputation another participant's ow, that other party writes encrypted single-reputation- specific data the omnitude blockchain about transaction involving them the cost doing business currently, collect online payments merchants must use payment gateway and pay fees the gateway provider. usually these fees are both monthly and per transaction (typically the range transaction size). the cost doing business gateway monthly fee per transaction fee merchant account included multi-currency support countries in-form payments yes usd yes yes yes yes varies depends reseller yes varies yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes page yes recurring billing yes yes the omnitude solution the cost doing business omnitude will provide alternative, cryptocurrency-based payment mechanism that eliminates gateway provider fees and replaces them with lower blockchain transaction fees. omnitude will allow ecom payments between ecosystem participants made and settled instantly through the omnitude network recorded the omnitude blockchain ecom transactions will aggregated and 'anchored' periodically through 'anchoring transactions' the bitcoin blockchain. this way, payments the omnitude network will benefit from the immutability provided the proof-of-work consensus mechanism the most secure blockchains, i.e. bitcoin. buyer will pay ecom: page seller's ow, each time buyer purchases from seller. these payments will made buying and selling ecom prevailing fiat/ecom exchange rates back-to-back buy/sell transactions about omnitude page the omnitude ecosystem omnitude will built top hyperledger, the open source, global, collaborative project hosted the linux foundation. hyperledger permissioned blockchain protocol which enables business-to-consumer and business-to-business transactions. the hyperledger architecture provides core blockchain services, which the omnitude ecosystem built. the omnitude ecosystem will made variety entities, including those mentioned above (i.e. merchants, customers, suppliers, couriers and affiliates/referrers). page the ecom token the omnitude ecosystem ecom token will launched with omnitude the omnilayer platform. merchants, customers and suppliers will require ecom participate the omnitude ecosystem. the ecom token will serve several primary functions: native method settlement between parties access ecosystem resources. merchants will make payments ecom other ecosystem participants use the on-ledger omnitude solutions for supply chain provenance, delivery cycle transparency data, single id, single reputation and proof-of-interaction. customers will make payments merchants using ecom, crypto currencies and fiat. incentive for ecosystem participants operate and secure the ecosystem. the consistency omnitude's immutable blockchain will guaranteed distributed, peer-to-peer network validating nodes running the omnitude core client application. return for enforcing omnitude's delegated practical byzantine fault tolerance (dpbft) consensus algorithm, validating nodes will share ecom block rewards. means raise funds for long-term development omnitude. through the crowdfunding, the omnitude foundation raising funds for the initial issuance ecom, and for the development and launch the omnitude ecosystem. the ecom coins issued during the crowdfunding will the initial float bootstrap the ecosystem. any party will able join the omnitude ecosystem and earn ecom. will also possible purchase ecom return for fiat currencies other cryptocurrencies the exchanges where ecom are listed. page token sale structure distribution proposed structure ticker: tokens: inflation: private pre-sale cost: private pre-sale cap: ecom ecom none (no further tokens will issued) usd/ecom million ecom million usd) token sale cost: token sale hard cap: usd/ecom million ecom million usd) token sale will require pre-registration with kyc and usd limit per person. following round, unsold tokens will made available all those registered with each individual able purchase another usd worth ecom until sold out. this will repeat until the round which point the token sale will end still not sold out. the event that the token sale funding cap not reached, all remaining tokens will burned. token distribution the ecom will distributed described the next page page token sale structure distribution token sale investors team advisors omnitude foundation pre-sale investors tokens for pre-sale investors: million ecom tokens for token sale investors: million ecom tokens for core team and advisors: million ecom team and advisor tokens are vested based time with being released each year for years. page use the token sales proceeds the omnitude foundation will use all funding received through its share crowdfunding proceeds support ongoing development the omnitude ecosystem. most the funding will used for developer salaries and bounties for open-source contributions omnitude. area omnitude research development omnitude platform business development marketing legal page team members advisors chris painter founder robert belgrave founder jon harris brand director lianne byrne crypto marketing advisor benjamin van every blockchain architect ben bennett operations gregory painter community manager andrew starmer project manager page advisors simon cocking advisor tiago henriques cybersecurity advisor sahil gupta advisor blockchain mob antony welfare michael donald the omnitude foundation omnitude open-source project being developed the omnitude foundation, uk-based organisation whose mission develop and grow the omnitude ecosystem. the omnitude foundation the issuing authority that grants omnitude ids any party wishing participate the omnitude ecosystem. the omnitude ecosystem codebase will released under the mit license ensure any network participant can extend and adapt the platform for its specific use cases. the omnitude foundation will governed board directors composed less than and more than individuals who are either investors, founders, partners, advisors team members omnitude. page adoption, integration collaboration adoption. plugins will developed integrate most major ecommerce platforms into the omnitude blockchain platform's technology, ensuring adoption easy. integrations and collaborations. the key this technology will provide wide ecosystem systems, functionality and options ecommerce store owners. therefore, collaborations with other blockchain technologies will explored. page core principles open any entity participating ecommerce (e.g. merchant, customer, supplier, courier, affiliate/ referrer, omnitude specialist) will able join the omnitude ecosystem. they will granted oid the omnitude foundation and will run full partial node. depending their role, the omnitude foundation will assign the appropriate level access required transact the ecosystem. each new full node will improve the security and reliability the omnitude ecosystem. ecom tokens will provide economic incentive secure ecosystem infrastructure, and serve the method settlement between participants access ecosystem resources. omnitude will permissioned network where nodes are run known whitelisted organizations individuals. depending the role the participant, the omnitude foundation will assign that oid the appropriate level access required transact the ecosystem. secure additionally, omnitude will prevent unauthorised parties from ascertaining the identity and patterns behaviour any other participant inspecting the ledger. omnitude will allow ecosystem participants make certain details transaction confidential, that they cannot accessed anyone other than the stakeholders the transaction. periodically, the omnitude blockchain will also anchor transactions the bitcoin and ethereum blockchains. this will allow omnitude's blockchain benefit from the added security provided bitcoin's and ethereum's consensus algorithms and blockchains. transparent omnitude will provide deep searchability, backwards time through many transaction layers, fulfil the requirements retrieving data stored its blockchain. omnitude will use 'anchoring', i.e. creation proof linking off-ledger data omnitude blockchain transaction. through anchoring, this proof can used verify data integrity and timestamp without relying trusted authority. page core features hyperledger omnitude will built top hyperledger, the open source, global, collaborative project hosted the linux foundation. hyperledger permissioned blockchain protocol which enables business-to-consumer and business-to-business transactions. the hyperledger project has been created advance cross-industry blockchain technologies, and supported dozens well-known, leading companies multiple sectors. the choice use hyperledger will provide the fully-vetted, open source architecture, and transparency, longevity, interoperability and support, needed bring omnitude mainstream commercial adoption. hyperledger allows for many blockchain networks, and for many network ledgers, each serving different goal and without need for any one network ledger rely upon any other network for its core functionality. this level network independence requires addressing system allowing transactions one ledger discover and utilize appropriate transactions and smart contracts other ledgers. identity and auditability the omnitude foundation will manage user oids and authenticate all participants the network. will possible use access control lists provide further layers permission through authorization specific network operations. for example, specific user could permitted invoke smart contract application, but blocked from deploying new smart contract. omnitude will use cryptographic certificate encapsulate participant's confidential data (e.g. single identity, single reputation, proof-of-interaction and delivery cycle data). this certificate will registered with the omnitude foundation, which will able issue and revoke oids. from each oid, the protocol will able generate security keys for participants transact the network, concealing the identities the transacting parties and providing privacy support the network. private transactions and confidential contracts transaction patterns can observed and interpreted, shared ledgers risk disclosing confidential details about business relationships that should not revealed competitors. even given participant's relative volume trade commercial information that should not revealed system supporting trade between parties. omnitude will conceal identity, transaction patterns, and terms confidential contacts from unauthorized third parties encrypting transactions only the stakeholders can decrypt and execute them. this way omnitude will allow for competing business interests (or participants requiring private, confidential transactions) exist the same permissioned network. page page the end the beginning please note this document strictly private, confidential and personal its recipients and should not copied, distributed reproduced whole part, nor passed any third party, page