the rooster the rooster symbol honesty, new beginnings, prosperity, well physical and moral fortitude. one the twelve signs the chinese zodiac, the rooster the yang attributes and signifies fortune, luck, fidelity, and protection. abstract ondori (ticker: rstr) coin that built off the concept community involvement. community everything, and when community works hard actively share project, the project can far the community willing take it. it's been seen already too many times where individual investors get sucked into the false promises, glamour, vapor wear project and will not that. want give our investors opportunity part promising project from the start, and with "don't talk about it, about it" approach, with fair and strategic planning, offer just that. we've kept the hype down and focused building our brand and action plan instead. don't promise revolutionize cryptocurrency, nor are trying add glitz the ideas which place before you. instead, choose work hard path that will always evolve and will deliver results without over hyping our efforts. will build off each success, one after the other. will accomplish the mission being working coin that can continue build upon the times ahead. again not want one those coins that sells you bunch promises and under delivers them, many times, doesn't deliver all. plan real and tell you that our community grows and the community involvement spreading our vision grows with it, ultimately, will ondori. will thrive the community's participation helping with mass marketing our project those new cryptocurrency and those who are already taking part it. need open, and willing share our knowledge, because it's important give exposure those outside cryptocurrency, and need offer easy entry into it. want those fresh faces, and need work hard our community efforts help push cryptocurrency into the everyday lifestyle. the time now for the evolution and ondori here help facilitate that process. ii. acknowledgements ondori would like give big thank you all the cryptocurrencies that laid the path for here. wasn't for the likes bitcoin, zerocoin, dash and pivx sharing their ideas and open source software with the hopes global adoption, wouldn't have had this opportunity helping share their efforts. we'd like thank pivx for their most recent contribution with the zerocoin proof stake system. always innovative, hope right them utilizing their source code help with our start. like all those just acknowledged, just want share cryptocurrency with the world. with all coming together work towards that effort, global adoption just around the corner. lastly, big thank you each and every one you that has chosen take part this journey with us, without you, the evolution would not happening. iii. overview are the beginning new dawn. the cryptocurrency market currently filled with many coins with great ideas. more coins are being added daily. unfortunately, there saturation with coins that offer more than one two features that not accomplish anything, other than being just fork something else. while many cryptocurrencies try and lay claim being something different their overall plans, many are simply just the drawing board with implementation. while ideas and concepts are great, need usability the market today. least anything, need aiming introducing cryptocurrency those who know nothing about it. everyone seems after dethroning the king (bitcoin), trying take battle with one another the next best altcoin. ondori doesn't want fight other projects, dethrone anyone. instead, feel there's plenty space for many and would like just work alongside others. simply want share cryptocurrency with the world and open the eyes many the usefulness and great potential it. our vision the introduction the masses into cryptocurrency. ondori seeks solve the usability problem offering coin that fun and rewarding those who use it. want give incentives order create real world usability for peer-to-peer purchases goods and services, stores online, means social payments (tips, online gestures, pp, etc). ondori based the pivx platform. are built sound technology and system that will deliver privacy and security thru masternodes and staking. addition, look also trading commodity exchanges being used pair with other cryptocurrencies available the market today. today's market, coin's success based it's demand and the efforts the community behind it. any coin can outgrow any its limitations and really can only limited growth the community behind it. will built our community movement thru social media and grassroots effort get our platform exposed those who not know about cryptocurrency. want entry into cryptocurrency for those who are new, and long term holding for all. will build system that will help bring mass adoption global scale and will continue grow with the ever increasing demands the market. can't get there alone though and cannot stress how much need the help the community share our message and vision for new era. our capabilities include, but are not limited to: private and transparent transaction options fast, scalable, reliable and secure transactions reward incentives global accessibility and ease use continued expansion the ondori blockchain include, but also not limited to: proof transaction decentralized marketplace exchange services atomic swaps partnerships with other cryptocurrencies and retailers the most important part our development processes will the success expanding the community reach everyone everyday parts their lives. plan environment that engaging and friendly where participation and contributions everyone the community encouraged and can also rewarded. good coin easy use and accessible. ondori coin for everyone and one that will easy acquire and exchanged for goods and services all over the world. the early bird gets the worm, it's time rise and shine! table contents the rooster abstract acknowledgements overview iii chapter quick intro cryptocurrency what cryptocurrency? what block? what blockchain? chapter welcome ondori (rstr.io) the ondori snapshot the ondori mission statement the ondori vision what ondori a.k.a. rstr? chapter ondori blockchain parameters. proof stake zerocoin protocol (zrst) zpos masternodes quicktx chapter ondori specs odori specs chapter breaking down founders transparency premine distribution marketing funding chapter conclusion road map max coin supply summary links references disclaimer quick intro cryptocurrency what cryptocurrency? cryptocurrency essence digital money created from code. decentralized peer-to-peer digital cash network that can used purchase goods services for persons businesses. cryptocurrency plans get rid the fees people must pay order use traditional forms currency when making transactions from one person another different parts the world. without the hassles "middle man", there lot time and money saved the business persons transferring money from one another. there are many security advantages over traditional forms currency well, addition, transactions cannot reversed randomly the sender counterfeited. what block? block where all the information recent transaction stored. it's section blockchain and added the chain one after the other, and stores the input and output transactions thus creating ledger. method called cryptography used add these blocks the blockchain, which makes resistant modifications. data can distributed, but not copied. each new block records the new information the chain secure and verifiable manner, that permanent. this chain goes all the way back when the blockchain was created the genesis block. what blockchain? cryptocurrency's ledger known blockchain. stores and records all activities and transactions from the past. these records help validate ownership the currency any given point the blockchain. blockchain reverts all the way back the beginning the creation with it's first transactions. it's the full history the cryptocurrency. like bank statement, it's virtual ledger. blockchain technology does not stop with just finances because can simply used many different operations. efforts are being worked adopt blockchain technology other aspects like proof ownership for assets, voting systems, registrations, and much more. welcome ondori (rstr.io) the ondori snapshot ondori rapid secure transaction resource for private peer-to-peer cryptocurrency network. inspired bitcoin, will growing global decentralized digital currency that will allow you move money with lightning fast transactions with minimal fees. simply send and receive ondori from one address the next. the ondori mission statement our mission help bring cryptocurrency that much closer global mass adoption. one issue that the market faces today the ever increasing competition over the cryptocurrency space with blockchain projects fighting one another, yet they fail target the most important fight public adoption. will market towards new investors and those outside the cryptocurrency space with our social media campaigns and grass roots community efforts. are project driven community, and can far our community would like go. the ondori vision the biggest problem date that only small percentage the global population knows utilizes cryptocurrency. our plan see ondori part the solution this problem introducing cryptocurrency the masses and help with global adoption. will strategically market and target the everyday people, doing everyday things life work, play and the everyday. our vision the forefront the effort and become decentralized private payment network that will used all over the world the citizens the world able buy and sell goods services peer-to-peer, stores over the internet, our decentralized private marketplace come. what ondori a.k.a. rstr? ondori new beginning and swap option for the dix asset (dix) token owners, and new blockchain that will deliver rapid and secure transaction resource (rstr) for peer-to-peer digital payments all over the world. this new coin will swapped for their dix token date set. dix was created early digital asset token off the nxt blockchain. total billion dix tokens were created and circulated. dix quickly found popularity. with it's unique choice name, many jumped board simply for the humor it. shortly after was created, the developer ceased communications and stopped paying dividends the dix investors. the token was abandoned and purpose was left for investors who stayed committed holding their investment. investors were then subjected groups that tried take advantage their misfortune. many were just simply left hopeless. ondori was created means giving back the community that stayed committed waiting patiently for some resolution. due the dix token being created individual user the nxt asset exchange, there was way that the token could change possession altered any way used for good. attempts were made contact the original creator, but were unsuccessful. with other options, and order able ensure being competitive ever growing cryptocurrency market, ondori would need new coin new blockchain. this initial ondori codebase created from fork the latest pivx source code, which was turn fork from the dash project. going back further, the roots can found with the original bitcoin core code. ondori fun and easy use decentralized private cryptocurrency that will offer block rewards the form proof stake (pos) and masternodes (mn), and the future will enable private proof stake (zpos). also will look implement proof transaction (pot) which development this writing. similar how you can receive cash back for using credit cards, pot will offer incentives users who spend. these all will work together also add additional security the network. ondori enables lightening fast transactions fraction seconds. being based privacy and anonymity platform, also allow for the user choose sending their transactions publicly privately. this provides the user with full control the privacy and anonymity their transactions. addition, incentivize the use privacy order help keep privacy the network actually private. there are many other great plans place for ondori, such decentralized marketplace, exchange, mobile apps, future partnership and more. plan continue the expansion the blockchain the road ahead. ondori blockchain parameters proof stake many cryptocurrencies use reward system called "proof work" (pow). pow, miners spend their computer resources secure the blockchain creating new blocks and solving cryptographic math problems, thus being "work". miners who create the blocks successfully are rewarded. this system requires lot computation and electricity its job, and has been considered not economically friendly due the wastefulness energy consumption. rather than having miners spend their computer resources verify the blockchain thru pow, ondori doesn't require this generate new coins secure the network. instead pow, ondori uses "proof stake" (pos). pos bases the rewards based how much stake each participant has the network. users must leave some their coins undisturbed their wallet and they must kept online support the network. for their participation validating and processing transactions and blocks, and because user has put their coins "at stake" and they can't spent, they earn pos rewards. these participating nodes receive portion the block reward per block. these rewards are portion the total block reward that also distributed masternodes. the distribution currently split the pos and masternodes. block rewards will set with capped staking system ondori per block. these users who stake also secure the network increasing the difficulty for someone owning majority coins within because those coins are not available obtained when being held wallets. pos will require the user leave coins untouched for blocks minutes). coins that have not reached this minimum amount time are not considered "mature" and are not staking. the user receives reward for every time block found, and reward time will vary depending how many coins the user stakes how many coins are staked somebody else. the pos system does not give more weight coins that are older users with longer consecutive uptime. the mature balance the only weight users have staking. users can consider each block reward lottery with each mature ondori ticket that increases your chances winning it. pos utilizes less computing power and electricity secure the blockchain versus bitcoin and other pow currencies, making economically friendly and much less fees. pos also allows for greater decentralization since ondori nodes can operate inexpensively and there need for large centralized mining farms that you would generally see with many pow coins. zerocoin protocol (zrst) bitcoin transactions are public. each transaction recorded and everyone has the ability see who sent and received what, and for how much. lot information revealed about the owner sender and can used analytics blockchain data guess which addresses belong what wallets. the information can then analyzed for patterns and other data possibly find out the identities the owner. the ondori protocol beneficial even simply not want allow your personal data analyzed for purchasing patterns accumulated and sold without your consent big corporations just make money off you. everybody should have the right privacy, and there should some manner privacy offered order keep these transactions private for our users. the ondori blockchain utilizes customized version the zerocoin protocol that call zrst. zerocoin type zero-knowledge proof zero-knowledge protocol that allows user prove specific information without conveying anything other than that they know what is. this the key providing private transactions. the zrst protocol uses combination coin mixing and zero-knowledge proofs allow the masking user's balance ondori. using zrst, are able mask user's true balance creating the ability hold stealth value that cannot easily traced back the user's wallet. this eliminates user's concern about being targeted hacker because high balance that may their account. the user has the option "mint" units zrst their wallet. there are specific denominations that are set zrst for this process. when user decides send zrst, the person the receiving end gets ondori, and they receive without anyone knowing where came from, anonymously. this security granted methods stealth addresses. with stealth addresses, both the sending and receiving wallets would impossible trace. when implemented, this very powerful tool for any cryptocurrency. this protocol allows users assured that their transactions cannot traced, and uses stealth address and encrypted message ensure anonymity. the stealth address feature incorporated into all wallets the ondori network. (please visit zerocoin protocol and pivx zpiv technical paper for more information) consider the following example zrst transaction from buyer seller zpos ondori will plan enable zpos the future. this gives incentives users stake their coins their private wallet zpos. this privacy and pos together one. users can hold their private wallets and earn regular returns it, thus allowing for the freedom for the user own private balance and earn rewards securely and privately without the prying eyes those good that would utilize the user's data for their own purposes. users utilizing zpos would earn higher portion the block reward incentive for more private participation the network order keep anonymity and security the network higher. addition, the conversion ondori zrst does require small minting fee, but the increase stake reward also helps offset the cost. because using zrst does require bit more work, the users that are involved should rewarded for the extra effort. zpos system that another leap for decentralized cryptocurrency technology, and have been lucky enough have had the opportunity shared with now share with you. masternodes ondori masternodes (mns) provide the extra services instant transactions and the processing zrst private transactions the network (see zerocoin protocol). mns differ from normal nodes that offers the useful functions facilitating instant transactions (quicktx), can able offer itself instrument for governance and management the blockchain needed, and allowing possible help with budgeting and treasury. addition, owning great opportunity for passive income. the ability set and operate ondori can done anyone with ondori. the will need kept online (/) and adds additional performance, reliability and security the blockchain. these can run any port and multiple mns can use the same address. thru the ondori wallet, mns can monitored check status and transactions. ondori owners maintain the integrity the blockchain and help the growth and value the blockchain over time. addition, can't stress enough how much the mns help secure the network from and other attacks. for this service, mns share percentage each block reward with pos and zpos. the current reward structure set follows: pos (%) and (%). will working development allow mns get paid the transaction and minting fees balance the higher reward given zpos when enabled. due time, the transaction fee payouts would dropped and moved being burned, where the mns would then able earn the fees from the decentralized marketplace exchange take its place. set mn, user must lock ondori collateral which can done the wallet. mns can set run via virtual private server (vps), pc, even raspberry pi. ondori mns will support ipv and multiple mns can run properly sized ipv enabled vps. for those that cannot operate their own mn, shared mns can set with our future third party partners. mns can stopped anytime the owner. those taking part future shared nodes will need abide the termination rules set forth the host. for additional privacy, mns can set also run using tor/onion routers. order conceal and protect user information, onion routing used tor, bouncing communication around the distributed network relays that are run globally. the use tor encrypts all network traffic, and the users address and data cannot accessed. quicktx working through the network masternodes, quicktx near instant transactions where the transactions are confirmed within seconds. these transactions not need multiple confirmations like other cryptocurrencies before they are spendable. ondori specs algorithm pos bitcoin core ..x swap ratio (dix:rstr) (day for snapshot eligible), (day, for those eligible circ supply (from dix eligible swap) billion billion pre-mine max supply cap (option modify future) privacy custom zerocoin protocol (zrst) zrst mint time >=. seconds zrst spend time >=. seconds fees (mint) ondori per minted zrst denomination fees (spend) fees spend zrst back ondori min ondori confirmations required mint zrst min zrst confirmations required spend block size blocktime seconds transactions per second (tps) transaction confirmations (minimum) minimum stake age minutes wallet status must kept online running quicktx confirm for locking and confirms spend with collateral held for minutes transaction confirmations (mn/staking rewards) block reward block reward split pos: pos ondori), ondori) block reward split zpos tba *-% allocation from pos zpos when pot initiated (under development) yearly emissions monthly emissions daily emissions hourly emissions masternode collateral rpc port peer peer port number active mns (max) estimated pre-mine: billion) allocated to: founders and treasury (exchange, dev, marketing, etc) development: zpos tba proof transaction (pot) allocating all transaction and zrst minting fees paid mns *after opening d-ex, marketplace, switched all burned breaking down founders transparency february effort was launched original founder create new coin for the dix community. help facilitate this process, two additional founders were brought board. during this time, the founders had option either invest and purchase tokens very low prices, instead invest into the dix community. the founders chose the community. the founders have used their personal time, money, and resources the dix and ondori project. investments could have been made early-low pricing that could have easily surpassed the founders pre-mine, and because this, was agreed that billion) out the total pre-mine would split ways each ondori founder billion) piece. this fair amount when compared the existing top wallets the dix distribution list. the founders pre-mine will locked for minimum days from the date deposit, and some the balance will used masternodes help secure the network. the founders would like stress that all efforts have been the best interest the dix community and the ondori coin since the beginning the project. going forward that will not change. premine distribution billion split founders, some locked help secure network. (%) billion placed treasury fund for future dev, marketing, exchange and other market development use. wallet address will public. (%) marketing one the biggest opportunities will marketing. every project needs good marketing order bring new members the community and help get people excited about blockchain technology. there way succeed and get closer our vision and goals not work hard together help educate others about our project and community. some the ideas that will doing are, but not limited to: random reward and bounty campaigns social media campaigns (fb, twitter, ig, pinterest, etc) team ondori and ondori ambassadors program youtube partnerships (video reviews and/or promotions) ondori media initiatives (commercials, videos, memes, gifs, etc) funding the future, ondori will funded self funding treasury program that built into the block rewards each block. addition, there will also other funding programs come, such as, but not limited to: pre-mine for initial treasury set up. ondori "store" set accept "donations". depending donation level, return, specific donation levels will receive ondori merchandise apparel "gift". while portion must cover overhead and continued supply, the remaining percentage will allocated the treasury fund. future masternode hosting will development. this will allow provide hosting users and have the funding allocated back pay for the services and continue funding the treasury. community donations and donation drives will set help with future ondori initiatives. although cryptocurrency should not business, believe that must treated like one order allow for continued growth thru funding. you don't have funding available for the project, you will slowly loose traction and unfortunately not able very far. conclusion road map have been asked will have road map. the answer no, will not. aim follow the same footsteps and philosophies those like bitcoin, digibyte and others. just plan underpromise and over deliver. not believe hype over glorifying what plan do. will deliver coin that will work and foundation for build upon the future come. some our plans the future include listing more exchanges, proof transaction, decentralized marketplace, exchange services, atomic swaps, mobile apps, future partnerships with other cryptocurrencies, retailers and vendors. always, however will not give dates and just our best delivering them grow. max coin supply have opted without capped supply this time. the reason because our goal see users incentivized make transactions and spend their ondori, versus just holding it. pos rewards help just that. currently the emissions are set that supply would increase slowly enough each year rate where even reaching total supply billion would take roughly more than years happen. digital currency, need the supply increase and subject inflation, without having price directly affected cap. things like masternodes will affordable the future because ondori price should not increase astronomically. those who start now and hold ondori wallets masternodes will the ones benefit directly, instead centralized platform being the benefactor like you would see your typical day day. does not mean the future, not slow inflation down reducing numbers implementing new features (such the transaction fee burning after the marketplace exchange release), changing and implementing cap. this just working solution get started. summary ondori was launched without the hype and marketing. our focus was the community that existed prior who had been taken advantage numerous times. wanted ensure that offered promising project with fair start. are coin that will fueled community involvement help spread our project the masses. are based honesty, integrity, and doing what's right. are built sound technology and our plan the forefront the efforts and become decentralized private payment network that will used all over the world the citizens the world able buy and sell goods services peer-to-peer, stores over the internet, our decentralized private marketplace come. our first mission was bring joy and hope back those who lost it, and now it's time for our next mission. our vision see ondori part helping bring adoption cryptocurrency global bringing attention those work, play and everyday areas life. hope see you part helping fulfill this vision. links website: https://www.rstr.io https://www.ondori.io discord: https://discord.gg/xdwyzg telegram: https://t.me/ondoricoin twitter: https://twitter.com/ondoricoin facebook: https://facebook.com/ondoricoin reddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/ondoricoin/ github: https://github.com/ondori-project youtube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/uckxfazfwjhsuzuw/videos instagram: https://www.instagram.com/ondoricoin resources http://zerocoin.org/media/pdf/zerocoinoakland.pdf https://pivx.org/zpiv/ https://pivx.org/wp-content/uploads///pivx-purple-paper-technincal-notes.pdf https://medium.com/@averagejoecrypto/masternodes-risk-vs-reward-caeccfb https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tor_(anonymity_network) disclaimer note: ondori (rstr) reserves the right update this white paper any time. please visit the https://rstr.io https://ondori.io for updated versions this white paper. the white paper for informational purposes only. there guarantees promises implied investment predictions financial gains. reserve the right make any changes and when necessary. purchase necessary and all users are free participate the rstr project not. please sure your own research your responsibility review all laws your country prior purchasing ondori (rstr) joining the community. all terms the ondori (rstr) document must understood and accepted prior your involvement with the project. always remember only invest what you are willing lose. (c) rstr (c) ondori