public blockchain white paper universal blockchain protocol enabling cross-ledger access through business modularization table contents overview oneledger context and mission oneledger system functions smart identity management platform blockchain service chaincode service programming interface oneledger extendable interface oneledger architecture oneledger business center oneledger consensus protocol business logic modularization oneledger consensus protocol hierarchy oneledger business initialization oneledger channel consensus oneledger public chain consensus sidechain consensus algorithm arbitration mechanism block structure use cases token economics olt token distribution team advisors overview oneledger interoperable blockchain protocol built for business oneledger cross-ledger agnostic protocol that enables high-performance scaling using sharded and modified practical byzantine fault tolerant consensus scheme which allows for either permissionless permissioned setting. coupling public key infrastructure (pki) with identity management, nodes (and node operators) will have defined trust hierarchy that allows them participate the consensus the oneledger chain any sidechain. oneledger sidechains can synchronized with the current state other networks (ethereum, bitcoin, etc.). any cryptocurrency that supports hashed time lock contracts (htlc) and payment channels could deposited into account address with the amount credited onto the oneledger sidechain. this allows for scalable and transparent solution that off the main network chain and now off-loaded the oneledger sidechain. arbitrary number transactions between users can occur oneledger sidechain prior the final user requesting withdrawal their balance from the hashed time lock address account the main chain the address account their choice. essentially, oneledger provides scalable `off-chain` solution from any main chain and offloads the consensus the corresponding oneledger sidechain which inherits all the properties the oneledger protocol. using role control with pki, enterprises can also launch their own permissioned sidechains. businesses will able define the precise role node operators that participate their sidechain. addition, utilizing oneledger's unified framework, companies can develop their distributed ledger technology application with single codebase and simultaneously launch their product across multiple infrastructure networks their choosing. context and mission oneledger from small business owners enterprises, oneledger's mission simplify businesses' adoption blockchain technology and its integration into their specific business applications and products. through oneledger, both businesses and individuals can leverage the platform create both public and private blockchains with their own uniquely-identified network consensus. with the use role control, enterprises can also separate read and write access their permissioned network. some industries, like healthcare, require people with the appropriate roles view certain records. addition, businesses will able create and manage their own community-owned digital wallet and credit system. leveraging the platform's provided blockchain-based business tools, modern-day companies can efficiently and effectively adapt their business models our blockchain technology. part the foundation oneledger's protocol its use public key authentication which allows for the creation personal accounts with highly configurable digital wallets, credit systems, and arbitration mechanisms. the oneledger digital wallet provides individuals and institutions the abilities modern-day digital wallet with the normal functions such deposits, withdrawals, and payment, well the additional benefit being able trade and purchase services across multi-business networks. maintaining digital identity the oneledger platform, businesses and consumers can accumulate credit score through the transaction and behavior within the network. oneledger arbitration mechanism can create the arbitration basis supervising all transaction history and execution process. oneledger supports consensus across different blockchains; the ability expand and query data other chains made possible through compatibility with other blockchain networks leveraging side-chains. the oneledger value network composed various levels service regions and business logic. all transaction data and real source records are written into distributed nodes open source validation mechanism data sharing through the blockchain underlying protocol. the real data becomes more simplistic and reliable through the enablement ipfs protocol. individuals participating business activities can effectively become their own smart contract performers and data sharing peer. safety and reliability transactions further promoted and ensured through the common data validation mechanism. oneledger forms realizable and verifiable blockchain network which modularized from real-world functionality, based the sharing and immunity mechanisms provided blockchain techniques. system functions smart identity management platform managing identity, pseudonymous otherwise, across multiple distributed networks can done assigning master private public key-pair identity. this master key-pair can then used associate any other public keys this identity digitally signing message with the private key the master key-pair. oneledger offers universal identity solution keep track users' assets that are stored multiple distributed databases. addition, oneledger provides way for one identity assign trust value another one, thus creating hybrid decentralized "web trust" combined with pki. blockchain services with oneledger, anyone can launch side-chain run the oneledger consensus protocol. this side-chain can permissioned permissionless. the case permissioned, user can use oneledger's smart identity management system and search for identities with particular trust rating and who provide infrastructure services, i.e. node operators that may store validate distributed ledgers, and assign particular identities various roles order maintain the side-chain. also, any public distributed ledger, regardless its consensus protocol, that supports hashed-time lock contracts and payment channels can synchronized with corresponding oneledger side-chain. chaincode service often, businesses individuals may wish deploy dapps multiple platforms. such, developers have write and deploy smart contracts each platform choice, potentially multiple languages. oneledger developing sdk that eases this process porting and deploying smart contracts across multiple platforms. oneledger's sdk will allow for users define "master smart contract" that specifies the smart contract written each language choice. the developer can then launch the dapp multiple platforms once specifying the desired platforms within the master smart contract. programming interface the primary client-side interface rest api allowing applications register users, query the blockchain, and issue transactions. set apis are made available for chaincode directly interact with the stack execute transactions and query transaction results. the service-side programming interface business portal for users effortlessly build business models and functions project real world functions onto blockchain. oneledger extendable interface will develop extendable interface that fast, safe, extendable and agnostic, allowing for easy deployment decentralized applications (dapps) and cross-ledger communication. its core, the purpose the extendable blockchain interface effectively access and communicate across multiple ledgers. oneledger architecture this decentralized framework changes the basis upon how applications are built ultimately unifying and realizing the real world into its blockchain parallel. oneledger business center oneledger will develop tools within the business portal, enabling users with any level blockchain experience map their business module onto the blockchain, generate chaincode through developer-defined modules, and tag the process throughout the flow. the extendable oneledger api will help transforming business models into blockchain applications through modularity. for example, oneledger will connect businesses with independent module developers and provide suggestions for the development seamless plugin that integrates multiple modules for particular business flows. for instance, shopping plugin oneledger can split into multiple components, i.e. catalog, cart, order submission, shipping, payment, etc. all these modules can built different developers and integrated together create bespoke shopping flow plugin. the platform will enable users set their own service agreement both transparent and fair manner. through the platform's portal business tools, the originator can then quickly set the agreement and service template circulation such supply chain, law service agreements, and distribution agreements. the originator may assign public identity group and can also define roles individual identities all public identities group created the originator. the same time, the circulation defines the implementation the agreement order ensure the interests the parties involved are accounted for. once completed, this service agreement would translated into solidity contract other chaincode. once the circulation starts, all parties involved immediately binds the participant circulate and execute the form intelligent contract. the principal tools the oneledger business application development kit are listed below: digital asset: the initiator can define assets both the flow and process including financial, production, content assets; module: contains complex business logic. includes aggregation workflow and process; and workflow/process: basic unit used build module function that can executed based oneledger protocol complete certain tasks including transaction with crossing blockchain, business flow mapping, and runtime data synchronization. role access control: the decentralized signature system will sign and validate the user together with the associated identifier information whether password, organization information, role; once validated, access information can packed into the payload and delegated modules. transaction: runtime environment for asset and its workflow/process where transaction can come across from different blockchains based oneledger protocol. channel: channel with emphasis speed and security connect two nodes within single multiple blockchains. connector: enterprise-level integration tool for various business regions; connector integrates oneledger public blockchain data with existing centralized commercial network, and establishes hybrid application combining blockchain and centralized services. oneledger consensus protocol business logic modularization business logic will use configurable role-based consensus methodology leveraging hierarchical grouping similar the merkle tree. the role will determined business participants. each role linked independent node that participates consensus; business logic will then determine how each role fed into node data. the role consensus subject second level verification. through their defined key and digital signature, users can becorrectly linked their role the business. this enables transparency and traceability, allowing identification the user who had written data onto the blockchain, and their respective role. oneledger consensus protocol hierarchy define three layer consensus concept enable oneledger integrate effectively between different blockchain products. oneledger business initialization the three layer consensus begins with business initialization where contract defined indicate the roles and their respective behaviours business participation. the contract defined for the business model generalized contract which will compiled and generated contract recognizable and executable for different underlying public blockchains, such bitcoin and ethereum. the generated contract will then deployed with proper method for nodes within oneledger running different blockchain code. ethereum nodes, the contract executed the form smart contract, and bitcoin nodes, the contract replicated from the genesis contract when nodes are created. oneledger channel consensus oneledger proposes concept channel consensus execute interactions (transaction any business behavior) between roles defined the contract. these roles can come from either one two business models. when new block data wants record any action conducted, sidechain consensus (details ..) based byzantine fault tolerant partial synchronization conducted within the channel among all its participants. this sidechain consensus will require all participants vote, and sidechain consensus reached upon more than agreement among voters. the channel crosses two different business models the sidechain, sidechain consensus achieved counting votes participants each model. channel consensus achieved only after both models have reached consensus. note that when the consensus achieved the channel, the written block data broadcasted all nodes this channel and stored. contracts without defined role are considered general contracts where the channel concept does not apply. consensus can only reached throughout the entire blockchain network. vote message structure since nodes can assigned different channels and blocks are stored based channels, the blockchain height nodes can differ. the implementation resilient distributed blocks (rdb) allows the system trace the lineage relation each block sidechains with the help the merkle tree reference stored the reference field the block data. oneledger public chain consensus oneledger sidechain consensus helps initiate transfers between public chains. when transfer between public chains requested, the pre-consensus step conducted the oneledger sidechain, and pre-consensus block (the block the previous diagram) will drive proposal the public chain. the proposal will voted validators the public chain validate the lock unlock action for assets the public chain. the proposal returned successfully from both public chains, the pre-consensus block will committed. once the sidechain nodes commit this block, will finalized oneledger. transactions across public chains are made available due oneledger's use hybrid combination federation and drive chain make possible synchronize between public chains and oneledger. sidechain consensus algorithm the sidechain consensus algorithm consists two phases. the first phase "round based preconsensus" get consensus proposal that more than the node the scope has agreed with. the scope will within the channel channel used; alternatively, the scope will all nodes channel bypassed. all functionalities binded the contract will executed the pre-consensus phase. round consists three steps where time allocated each step evenly distributed thirds. node chosen propose block broadcasted through its scope. all nodes receiving the proposed block will pre-vote based their respective contract. the broadcasted prevote collected nodes the scope, and once more than the pre-votes are collected node, will pre-commit the proposed block. node didn't receive enough pre-votes the round time, new round with more time will begin until pre-commit achieved. the second phase, the pre-consensus block will drive the public chain the proposal cross public chain. this case, each node will validate that exactly one committed pre-consensus proposal signed more than the nodes the scope. once validated, the block broadcasted and the previous block finalized. arbitration mechanism since only partial consensus within channel achieved, participant the channel can ask for arbitration when concerns are raised. when arbitration requested, consensus bypass within the channel will conducted for all participants oneledger. block structure oneledger will use block hash the previous block link the blockchain, and verify through the use the merkle tree root. the network type field will record this block either stored the ethereum bitcoin node. introduce rdb concept where each block distributed and stored oneledger sidechains and referenced the reference hash the node merkle tree lineage. oneledger: use cases oneledger's protocol and interface enables interaction with arbitrary number core infrastructure networks highly scalable manner. numerous use cases can come from this interoperability; however describe one primary use case: cross-chain decentralized exchange. begin, our protocol uses the notion hash timelocks contracts (htlc). hash timelock contract combination hashlock and timelock. hashlock restriction receiving address account that the owner must publicly reveal piece data order lift the restriction. likewise, timelock transaction restricts the time when transaction can spent. combining these two pieces, htlc allows for cross-chain transactions. thus, user will deposit into account address and then credited the corresponding amount oneledger. the user can then trade this asset between any other asset type and not limited the "normal" base pair markets bitcoin ethereum. users trade, their account the corresponding sidechain oneledger credited accordingly, and they can choose withdraw their new coins address their choice any time, i.e. spending the htlc. note that because sharding and the use sidechains, the number trades that can occur small time can exceedingly high. this fact stems from the idea that user trades litecoin for dogecoin (within the oneledger framework), then this transaction only has communication between the dogecoin and litecoin sidechains and does not affect the performance, for instance, the bitcoin ethereum sidechains. oneledger more than cross-ledger decentralized exchange. with the use smart contracts and our business integration apis, will make the process on-boarding businesses use distributed ledger technologies for their particular applications, whether supply chain inventory management, accounting, digitization assets, etc., much easier. other use cases oneledger include: ability move business traffic into sidechain with high performance ability deploy and migrate dapp with ease enablement cross-chain access and consensus through oneledger protocol standardized communication between dapps within oneledger protocol asset identification and transparent flow such asset registration, donation process baas offering help users create business modules with open source dapps within the business portal ie. supply chain and ecommerce flow (catalog, cart could built service and hooked flexibly) help businesses and individuals with support and flow optimization transparency and traceability process through tagging business flows token economics billion olt tokens will premined. each olt token will initially mapped one corresponding erc token early adopters olt can use them ethereum ecosystem the oneledger ecosystem being developed. the oneledger ecosystem matures, there are three major participants the oneledger token economics: users, network supporters (nodes), and developers. oneledger will also build marketplace, which decentralized application oneledger platform. users users, including businesses, need pay network fee nodes use any services the oneledger platform. they can either acquire olt tokens from other token holders, they can run node themselves start acquiring tokens reuse for business use cases. users might need pay olt tokens access services sold the marketplace based the distribution smart contract set the developers. network supporters (nodes) network supporters (nodes) will receive olt tokens network fees. the early phase, oneledger's software will allow everyone run node. after period time, staking amount may established ensure commitment and quality the network. developers developers will range from individual contributors, enterprise teams, consulting firms. developers need olt tokens deploy their modules oneledger platform. they can submit modules and code oneledger marketplace with smart contract that defines the terms sale. for instance, these services can free, users need pay developers one-time fee unlock the service, developers can even implement the smart contract subscription business model users will need pay olt tokens monthly keep accessing the services. additionally, oneledger will give development grant the best developers and most qualified projects leveraging the tokens reserved for the community. oneledger will use the community reserved tokens only benefit the growth the ecosystem. besides incentivizing developers, oneledger can also leverage the tokens for community engagement such managing events and funding development workshops. oneledger will focus building healthy blockchain development ecosystem that developers will enjoy and see the value contributing to. olt token distribution team david cao founder ceo david the founder and ceo oneledger. with over years blockchain experience and over years enterprise architect experience, david worked magnitude technical projects for several fortune enterprises. also worked ibm toronto lab the development and websphere commerce core engine. specialist supply chain, payments, e-commerce, and experienced jee enterprise architect, david has helped large enterprises grow exponentially, including home depot, sears, and toshiba. david active member both the hyperledger and blockchain community. bob binns chief strategy officer bob recognized innovator, providing strategic consulting services for companies managing change and/or seeking growth. has held executive level positions companies including ibm, bank montreal, microsoft and unisys corporation. bob was driving force several major business transformation initiatives across multiple industries from the conception and launch start-up ventures the successful transformation companies facing business dramatic growth. has also been ceo global private software companies including customized software, saas, and cloud offerings, two which were subsequently acquired. bob mathematics graduate queen's university and has studied extensively harvard business school (program for sustainable competitive advantage), kennedy school government and queen program for public executives. has served the boards junior achievement, ottawa and the information technology association canada (itac). edwin zhang co-founder managing director edwin veteran the blockchain startup and investment space. former software engineering lead spearheading blockchain-related r&d for tribalscale innovation firm specializing emerging technologies. edwin has vast technical background both blockchain developer, with solidity and ethereum smart contract development experience, and software developer. brings the table extensive investment experience backed technical foundation, and wide global reach within the cryptocurrency community. paul homer chief technology officer paul has spent the last years designing and building commercial and enterprise software for companies both large and small. his experience includes startups, the financial industry and healthcare. last year worked adding historic support tendermint. has been following blockchain progress for years and has interest byzantine fault tolerance relates his past experiences with building distributed systems. he's been writing and exploring software development issues for over decade, both his own blog and contributions the things series. alex lan co-founder blockchain r&d alex data science expert. holds master's degree computer science with emphasis machine learning and big data application. alex former business intelligence engineer amazon, and currently data engineer industry-leading innovations company with breadth big data resources. alex became exceptionally passionate about blockchain technology after realized that can potentially disrupt every industry. has gained extensive experience blockchain protocol and consensus algorithm development. stephen engineering stephen senior software developer and subject-matter expert distributed application innovation. former senior consultant for morgan stanley and deutsche bank. also worked ibm and microsoft. stephen has deep understanding both frontend and backend systems through development and architecture, and has interest the application high-performance computing. also embracing the blockchain revolution and has become expert solidity smart contract development ethereum. lester blockchain engineer lester full stack engineer who has been involved the technology space for more than years. early his career, developed security network layers and managed end-to-end encryption mechanisms. then ventured into telecom networks building high-performance customized product systems. former nokia senior engineer where participated information security, cloud computing and other innovative projects. also open source community contributor and blockchain enthusiast. has gained extensive experience ethereum json-rpc interface and smart contract development. advisors trevor koverko ceo polymath trevor one canada's most successful angel investors with early positions shapeshift.io, luminex and royalty exchange among several others. lately, trevor has been focusing all his attention blockchain having bought into bitcoin he's continued seed and advise crypto-based companies and icos including the ethereum project. trevor currently the ceo digital assets international, and the ceo polymath network the first decentralized marketplace for tokenized securities. matthew niemerg distributed ledger technology security advisor matthew former ibm center excellence postdoctoral fellow high performance computing oak ridge national laboratory. matthew has been involved the blockchain space since and provides consultation related security and consensus models, cryptographic schemes, and business development for blockchain-based projects. jor law founder verifyinvestor.com homeier law jor pioneer building out the ecosystem for digitizing and trading securities the blockchain and other distributed ledger technologies. corporate, finance, and securities attorney, most well-known for his expertise alternative finance, including eb-, venture capital, crowdfunding, and initial coin offerings (icos). co-founder verifyinvestor.com, the dominant accredited investor verification service the world and founding shareholder homeier law pc. expert attracting and verifying accredited investors. mervyn chng ico advisor partner gwei capital mervyn graduated with degree banking and finance from nanyang business school singapore before fast tracking management career. served general manager for oil trading firm managing million usd revenues before making the career switch cryptocurrency. managing partner and cio his venture firm, focuses infrastructure and "fat protocols" with early stage multi million dollar investments rchain, zilliqa, bluzelle, elastos, dragonchain, poa, wanchain, theta, chainlink and others like quantstamp, gifto, kyber network. with years cryptocurrency experience, specializes helping projects through the entire ico process from whitepaper token sales structure and connections with the top influencers, reviewers, funds and exchanges. his spare time, serves community cooperator for the rchain coop. reuben loo apac advisor partner partners reuben partner partners, consulting firm focused exclusively blockchain-enabled projects. with connections diversified base investors located globally, reuben able connect projects smart, connected funds short notice. also advisor for loom network, platform service built top ethereum that allows developers run large-scale decentralized applications and hybridblock, cryptocurrency trading ecosystem which aims onboard new users the crypto-scene. previously, was also from blockfolks, advisory firm with niches community management growth services. has extensive experience services, where was the for quantstamp, zilliqa, gifto, utrust. mirza uddin strategic advisor venture capitalist mirza venture capitalist who focuses wide array early-stage technologies. has previously worked two sigma, one the largest quantitative hedge funds. while two sigma was heavily involved researching blockchain startups and analyzed hundreds investment opportunities the sector. has also worked for index ventures, global multistage that has previously invested companies such dropbox and facebook. prior that, worked for the boston consulting group, where helped advise one the largest fortune tech conglomerates. began his career east ventures, prominent japanese that was early investor omisego. mirza attended harvard university, where simultaneously enrolled several courses both mit and harvard law school. craig brown senior canadian legal advisor partner fasken expert the areas mergers and acquisitions and corporate finance, craig provides strategic legal and business advice help companies realize their potential both canada and new foreign markets. while craig's practice sector-agnostic, has for the past decade been extensively engaged with wide variety leading participants the dynamic ontario innovation ecosystem. addition providing excellent legal advice, craig seeks intermediate opportunities for all clients, including sourcing qualified investment targets for and private equity clients and introducing promising early-stage companies strategic partners and investment groups capable providing transformational growth capital. daniel fuke canadian legal advisor partner fasken daniel partner the fasken's securities and mergers acquisitions group and also advises clients the investment funds and blockchain industries. his practice, daniel frequently advises public and private entities equity and debt financings, share and asset purchase transactions, investment fund formations. the blockchain area, daniel has advised clients initial coin offerings, cryptocurrency exchanges and investment fund formation. daniel has also written and presented number topics affecting blockchain companies, with focus securities law issues. gavin knight strategic advisor gavin led investor relations with bitangels coordinating pitches and investor connections for equity based investments. has been full-time the cryptocurrency space working customer service, marketing, business development and investor relations. his advisory focuses organizational models for the team, token economics and community relations.