onlive ltd trading on.live the marketplace for paid advice live broadcasts and computing power november ver. version web table contents general information introduction and description the system roles system open market for live streaming services live services marketplace live broadcast marketplace transcoding services marketplace other marketplaces and platforms onl token introduction onl token functionality utility token onl token details numbers escrow onl lock escrow freeze hedge programme broadcasting step step live services step step flow onl tokens on.live network security on.live transcoding and relay nodes on.live network project development stages summary public version november onlive whitepaper (c) company data introduction and description the system the on.live platform allows users provide almost any service anyone from anywhere and become broadcaster and earn money for presenting valuable content various business models (pay per view, pay per minute, in-stream payments). the main goal the project the market leader the live advising platform market where the customer will always find team specialists and valuable content hand provide easy access their knowledge. the on.live platform creates large blockchain ecosystem enabling the sale services through live broadcasts and place for stream content live and sell wide audience affordable prices. on.live project that brings three marketplaces into one product:live broadcast many), live services (:, :), transcoding and relay node market. use blockchain control transactions and settlements (tokens) and have our own platform for real-time communication, trading and dealings. live services the marketplace gives service providers the ability sell their services anyone who needs them. enables scheduling live broadcasts, broadcasting quality real time, project summary convenient billing, chat and dedicated offers, onl tokens payments. this applies many industries lawyers, doctors, weight loss, job seeking, fitness, education, insurance, language learnings, financial advice, etc. live broadcasts enables service providers deliver live broadcasts unlimited numbers viewers, billing pay-per-minute and pay-per-view models and scheduling future live broadcasts. our powerful and tech can used number verticals, including workshops, practical tutorials, sports, conferences, tv, svod, music, elearning, wellbeing, charity, etc. transcoding and relay node thanks decentralized marketplace transcoding and relay nodes services, all network users have the possibility making money utilizing their computing power for relay and transcoding operations. on.live transactions protocol inducted into livestreams opens the possibility confirming transactions when transmitting video streams. network nodes perform real, useful work instead useless computations usually happens standard proof work based blockchains. public version september on.live whitepaper (c) on.live network live video streaming protocol supported blockchain technology. thanks blockchain assures full decentralization, high scalability and open market for live media broadcasts all over the world. company data thanks on.live network everyone can become broadcaster and earns money for presenting valuable content various business models: pay per view, pay per minute, in-stream payments, advertising, tips donations, subscription plans, etc. on.live solves bunch problems from the offline world where one needs direct face-to-face contact with professional get essential advice. this often problematic and costly. access this type service should fast, easy and the unlimited and always the highest quality, and possible thanks on.live network. this document, describe on.live network project overview and the roadmap for the future on.live network development stages. that final version the on.live network open, decentralized marketplace for live broadcasts, streaming and transcoding services well direct -to- online consultation. how does work? project summary the creator service provider creates their own channel which they can sell live services they can broadcast wide audience :many ppv, ppm, ppd, etc. and sign smart contract for transcoding and relay services. customers pay for completed services and for access various video live broadcasts. public version september on.live whitepaper (c) on.live provides broad range possibilities: company data anyone with access the internet may user the platform: individuals (e.g. doctors, lawyers, teachers, consultants), companies (e.g. law firms, medical and educational centres, insurance companies), large enterprises (e.g. stations, advertising networks, event companies). excellent way for users quickly and without leaving home use the help numerous professionals take part live events taking place all over the world. viewers will find lot interesting content. complementary system, where users are charged only for the actually delivered services. on.live equipped with relevant tools and functionalities satisfy the needs both broadcasters and viewers. two communication paths allow for the creation public broadcasts, addressed large groups viewers, and private, one-on-one consultations. each these options enables authors monetize their activities while delivering high-quality services users. the commercial success on.live driven mainly the steady growth new buyers and sellers. other key performance indicators the business are cost customer acquisition (cac), recurring cost service (rcs) and customers lifetime value (cltvcomplete) which could interpreted the discounted value per customer. project summary what the market? the global video streaming market for live services was valued billion and estimated grow cagr over from reach billion and are going fill the gap the form live services and paid public broadcasts. such strong market growth anticipated account the rising number online users, technological advancements, the development high quality content and increase subscriptions for various streaming channels. the global digital transformation consulting market was worth around billion consultants currently standing twice the size the uk's overall consulting industry, and five times the size the consulting market china, the report from the research and analyst firm shows that the global digital transformation market now accounts for ps. billion the uk's entire ps. billion consulting market. public version september on.live whitepaper (c) on.live constitutes entire platform build according the demands rapidly changing market landscape. fits perfectly the needs for cost effective, flexible, easy use tool helping adapt any business and its employees the new circumstances. on.live provides complete ecosystem for consulting companies, allowing them extend their market reach and acquire new clients, both individuals and institutionary. with on.live there really cost barrier enter the digital market. platform stripping off all the necessary costs needed for designing and maintaining client own technical infrastructure, and provides easy understand and maintain account settling system. on.live scalable, maintainable and affordable matter how big business aspirations are. roles the system broadcaster broadcaster produces and broadcasts the content the network. service provider anyone who has any skill that can sell through our system and create private offers. transcoder transcoder performs the job transcoding the stream into other formats. transcoder can also relay node. recipient recipient watches streams selected quality and format and buys live services and content. relay node relay node transmits the stream recipients with without transcoding it. open network everyone can join on.live network and play the role they want they met the technical and economic requirements. project summary public version september on.live whitepaper (c) company data open market for live streaming services live services marketplace open, decentralized marketplace for one-to-one broadcasts, where users can reserve online meeting with specialist any kind make transactions instantly. the live services marketplace place which every service provider/creator will able offer its services via online (web and mobile), video and audio broadcasts, whereas every service consumer/viewer will able use quickly searching the offers reliable specialists ready provide those services. the platform may compared online market live video services where every consumer can find specialists, talented individuals and companies offering various types service such as: medical consultations, legal consultations, other professional advisory for instance guitar lessons, both online and mobile apps. the marketplace allows placing broadcast offers. sender and recipient establish connection using their preferred format and quality without broadcast scalability issues and the need for transcoders and relay nodes. effective way provide medical consultations and online live courses with integrated and easy use payments. project summary the economy behind the streaming marketplace described the "broadcasting process step step" section below. onl public version september on.live whitepaper (c) streamings marketplaces company data decentralized streaming marketplace allows transcoders and relay nodes place and accept transmission offers. open, decentralized marketplace for live broadcasts supported transcoders. live broadcasts marketplace live broadcasts marketplace where anyone can start broadcast from one place multiple destinations simultaneously wide audience. this includes presentation offers, open training sessions, conferences, practical tutorials, workshops, well broadcasts sport games, events even programmes. this complementary function private sessions. the user can broadcast live wide audience encourage potential customers switch individual calls later. last but not least, broadcasters gain prestige and reinforce their expertise. perfect solution that benefits from the assistance many specialists participating live events all around the world quick manner, from anywhere. anyone can buy access any broadcast. open market will shape the broadcasts prices and project summary transcoding/relay fees based the supply and demand for particular broadcasts and other services. onl marry quin conversation with irwin smith onlive talks opinii) follow date: onl how happy sign offers live session private consultation with marry quin.. women, leadership, and success your own terms. marry advice you... more ppv onl @ernest hill nice talk!!! czesc, czy zrobisz lekcje gry onl ukulele? jeden numer, minut you have heard about this site you have been it, but you cannot figure out what what can do. mta web directory the simplest way which one can bid link, few links they wish so. the link directory mta displays all the links currently has, and does alphabetical order, which makes much easier for someone find they are looking for something specific and they not want hide through all the other sites and links well. allows you start your bid the bottom and slowly work your way the top the list. with very low costing starting bid just you are guaranteed have spot mta's successful directory list. when you would like increase your bid one the top positions, you have know that this would wise decision make will not only get your link higher point the directory but will also give you chance have your site advertised with the rest the top ten the home page the website. this means that when visitors come mtaweb.com, your site will one the first things they see. other words, you stand great chance getting comeback your site sooner than you thought. upcoming broadcasts min chat what mtaweb directory? message jan, min share important that you buy links because the links are what get you the results that you want. the popularity the links that are listed the mta directory fact one the most important factors the performance the search engine. links are important and this why you have womanpurchase talk link order bid something and the best part that link will only cost you which nothing compared what you would pay marry quin initconversation irwin smith you decided through any other with company website. live @billy maxwell max. jakie koszty? why leadership complicated for minuty temu women @clyde mckenzie can talk later priv oferta: nauka gry koszt: euro czas trwania: minut data godzina: wybierz termin lub zacznij teraz onl @billy maxwellukulele that was fantastic explantion thx. odrzuc minute temu beyond the label: women, leadership and success our own terms ask book private consultation with irwin smith.. private conversation with the author the book, ask anything... more min escalating the quantity links your web site, you will able have your site listed much higher all the searchppv engine mine ,results. onl when pay your site looked for the search engine will very easy come across will come one the first. this will bring many more people your web site well increase your google pagerank. will also improve the whole strength your web site. making better, faster and more interesting each time. business tech talks narrative onl tip onl send istantly onl ask write reply... book you post @jorge_lutas (change) public version september on.live whitepaper (c) company data the transcoding services marketplace fully transcoding marketplace decentralized, open marketplace for transcoding services. the transcoding marketplace place where transcoders place their transcoding offers the transcoding services marketplace. the offer specifies the parameters such formats they could transcode and from, guaranteed capacity (simultaneous users served with given quality), transcoding initial fee etc. transcoding initial fee has allocated the broadcaster before the streaming starts. this fee covers transcoder costs case one joins the broadcast. broadcasters can also place their orders for transcoding services there are transcoders' offers that meet their requirements. transcoders could apply for the broadcasters' orders. project summary the business model behind how the transcoding services marketplace works described the "broadcasting process step step" section below. transcoder can refuse process the content that violates local law, but broadcaster free choose other transcoder that case. fee transfer transcoder recipient broadcast broadcaster recipient onlive platform project summary recipient sender send receive recipient recipient fee transfer public version september on.live whitepaper (c) company data the platform creates complementary system within which users pay only for the services they have benefited from. the principles monetisation differ depending the model and type service: the case public broadcasts for broad range viewers the service provides two basic solutions terms collecting fees: pay per view pay per minute also known ,,access payment" ,,ticket" primary choice for sport matches music concerts, etc. live broadcasts where users are being charged for every minute show. perfect choice for interactive events, lectures, etc. "pay per view" (ppv) per viewing specific content where access for the customers depends the entry fee, called the "ticket" enabling handing payments right the broadcast window. other words, viewers pay for each programe that they choose access. this the model followed itunes. having onl tokens all you need. on.live offers integrated payment system quickly handle viewer transactions from ppv. this accomplished right the video player window from integrated paywall. the purchaser does not have exit the player page complete the transaction, which might reduce conversions. broadband access rates are set individually each broadcaster. for example broadcaster could charge onl for every access the event. "pay per minute" (ppm) per each minute the viewed content. this option allows the customer pay per minute, which the actual time the live broadcast. for example, the customer connects with person who needs help but does not know how long the actual explanation will last. the customer sets payment per minute and settles for the time spent the conversation. public version september on.live whitepaper (c) company data subscription plans netflix the most common example this model. the customer pays regular (typically monthly) fee, and gains buffet-style, all-you-can-eat access live broadcasts and library video content from the content creator channel. each site user can run this option and offer access their content the monthly subscription model. the subscription model video monetisation can highly successful. looking, for example, lucrative services like netflix and hbo, becomes clear that they reap major profits using it. on.live, the same in-window payment system for one-time transactions can handle subscriptions well. videos either live on-demand can accessible via either payment option. for example, language course consisting live lessons classes with fitness trainer. tips donations the platform offers also whole range additional ways making profit such offer systems and booking systems, loyalty programs and options receive tips donations during broadcasts. users have the ability tip during live broadcasts. this provides additional source income for broadcasters. the user satisfied with the service received during individual live session, she will able hand over the tip after completing it. broadcasters who broadcast live can also receive tips from their fans during the broadcast. advertising* creators will able make profit from advertisements thanks the built-in system. this the model broadcast television utilises. cable relies blend subscription fees and advertising for support. youtube uses ad-supported viewing pay its bills, countless other video services. for on.live video providers, advertising can potentially lucrative source income. however, important remember that attracting large viewership essential for advertising. when the customer can bring large audience, advertising can quite effective. the best ad-supported programmes tailor their advertising the audience hand via keywords even custom selection. on.live has integration with vast standard video services. however, sponsorships and direct advertising are very important. may more lucrative for the customer reach out specific businesses the industry offer them the opportunity reach highly specific audience. this functionality designed for centralized version. this separate large marketplace design. will make every effort decentralize this functionality well. public version september on.live whitepaper (c) company data other marketplaces and platforms transcoders and relay nodes may build their own decentralized centralized platforms for specific, aggregated and categorized content distribution, where they can offer broadcasts from the on.live network. for example, platform that offers online medical consultation provided only verified doctors. such platforms can also provide additional services for their audience, simply use on.live network supplement for their main services. the on.live team continuously develops its technology for voice, video, communication between participants, convenient billing, file sharing, and on. the code already prepared can used build tools tailored different industries. the fit.fit the best example the use on.live technology. this marketplace services nutritionists, fitness trainers and doctors who offer their services convenient way through the platform. customers can easily find specialist their chosen field who will prepare dedicated diet plan for them, develop workouts the gym home advise medical issues. participants this platform will use unit settle onl tokens and technology developed the on.live team. pan public this project few months after ico. example fit.fit marketplace public version september on.live whitepaper (c) company data onl token introduction onl token standard erc token deployed the ethereum network. has predefined, limited supply, easily integrable with both decentralized and traditional exchanges. its total supply equal onl and divisible decimal places. additional tokens will mined minted the future. the final version (on.live network version .), onl token cryptocurrency that allows instant and costs free transactions inside the on.live network. onl tokens serve sole payment method inside the on.live network. users use onl tokens for paying the broadcasters for the content they provide for one-to-one online video-services, transcoders for transcoding services and relay nodes for broadcasts. on.live network complete economic market. the more users join the on.live network the higher onl tokens utility is. onl token can also used value transfer mechanism between users inside the on.live network and sites that use on.live technology and that are part the on.live network (eg fit.fit). project summary content authors will able easily make profit with the numerous tools provided the platform. also, they will receive active system support acquiring new customers for their services. monetisation principles vary depending the model and type services offered. individual consultations may offered free charge for fixed charge agreed between the author and user. the rates may negotiated case-to-case basis. the platform comes with billing and escrow system, which secures the charge for the duration consultation. this gives the author the confidence that the user will pay for the service, whereas the user certain that they will provided with high-quality consulting. for public broadcasts addressed large audience, the site provides two basic "pay per view" solutions, where access for customers subject initial fee, the so-called "ticket". there time limitation for that. also available "pay per minute" solution, which allows for charging the viewer for each started minute broadcast. the system also provides other monetization options such as: in-stream payments, advertising, tips donations, subscription plans, etc. public version september on.live whitepaper (c) company data onl token functionality utility token public broadcast marketplace private sessions marketplace transcoding marketplace open, decentralised marketplace for live broadcasts supported transcoders. open, decentralised marketplace for one-to-one broadcasts, where users can reserve online meeting with specialist any kind make transactions instantly. the transcoding services marketplace fully decentralised, open marketplace for transcoding services. pay per minute pay per view live broadcasts where users are being charged for every minute show. perfect choice for interactive events, lectures, etc. also known ,,access payment" ,,ticket" primary choice for sport matches music concerts, etc. subscription plans subscription plans are aimed towards content creators and provide tools for different monetising scenarios. public version september tips donations advertising users are free show their gratitude and support content creators. thanks in-built ad-system broadcasters will able play their own ads and earn advertiser distribution. on.live whitepaper (c) onl token details numbers company data onl allocation circulating supply onl onl wallet (escrow onl founders (escrow onl bounty marketing (escrow advisors (escrow legal insurance (escrow onl total token number onl onl onl use proceeds capex the commercial success on.live driven mainly the steady growth users, content producers and processing power providers marketing team the biggest markets. the company will focus marketing brazil, japan and russian markets. the scale expanding the core business depends the marketing other financing raised. loyality program on.live will make the decision about expanding into the markets taking into consideration such rcs support team metrics monthly recurring revenue (mrr), rcs -developers team will based above mentioned key performance indicators (kpis). public version september costs service (rcs) and time profit each expansion the growth the on.live platform board administrative team cost customer acquisition (cac), recurring the analysed markets. rcs -other costs other costs scaling the business the us, uk, germany, on.live whitepaper (c) company data escrow what vault our platform the safety your tokens paramount. that why created "vault high profile escrow solution designed protect onl tokens and encrypted using the latest cryptographic technology. https://v.on.live/ how does work? say you want have your one-to-one online guitar lesson through the on.live platform. you log in, book available time your class, and make onl payment. your tokens not directly your guitar teacher they are deposited vault they are now escrow which means that they the seller only the service successfully completed. otherwise you will get your onl back. therefore, vault ensures everyone gets what they are due essentially the same time. public version september on.live whitepaper (c) company data onl lock escrow used lock certain amount tokens not assigned for pre-ico and ico well all funders tokens released icos. the holders lock-up tokens cannot sell them until precisely defined date. this mechanism deployed insure steady rise onl exchanges and prevent abrupt price changes case large pools tokens put for sale. for instance, all tokens assigned founders are issued with least months lock-up period with the last tranche scheduled released april tokens envisaged for marketing, advisors and legal counsel the platform are also rigidly locked tranches with release dates stretching vault solution offers transparent view all locked-up pools tokens. every on.live user can sure that none the tokens locked vault will transferred until applicable period over. further prevent depreciation value tokens hand our contributors, not sold onl's will never enter the circulation. all unbought tokens will burned! after token burn total number tokens available the market decreases and, consequence, the value each individual token may increase. vault adds all important safety, transparency and insight onl currency system. on.live founders are strongly committed long run success and grow the platform, and believe that vault solution greatly adds present on.live credibility expressed widely contributors and the community. for november there total onl lock v.on.live. you can always verify status lock tokens address xcdfcbefbbdecdefdf and check escrows our smart contract. public version september on.live whitepaper (c) company data total onl public version september on.live whitepaper (c) transcoding freeze hedge company data apply transcoding freeze hedge https://v.on.live/ one on.live's main business goals create decentralized, power-sharing system which allows anyone, beginning from individuals, right large datacenter operators contribute any free dedicated computing power resources broadcasts and live video transcoding within the on.live network. dedicated freeze and hedge program based onl virtual currency part this endeavor. transcoding freeze hedge program now open all our current and future users and contributors. user tokens delegated program will serve the purpose securing development transcoding nodes network, allowing for higher quality, stable and uninterrupted transmissions and broader reach on.live services worldwide. you hold onl tokens your ethereum wallet you are eligible freeze them opening deposit for months. once the deposit period over, you will receive your tokens back and additional onl bonus tokens. such bonus depends the deposit period (the minimum number tokens deposit onl) deposit period bonus amount (in onl tokens) percentage onl deposited amount three months six months twelve months public version september on.live whitepaper (c) company data example: you have onl tokens your ethereum wallet, open deposit for month, and transfer your onl tokens our special escrow multisig account (read more about vault on.live). after month you receive your onl tokens back plus bonus additional onl tokens. all deposits program are protected against loss value. during deposit period, volume weighted average market price onl token falls below market price the first day the deposit period, on.live will hedge you against such risk. such case, you will receive additional onl recovery tokens calculated pursuant the below formula: (txp) (txp) where: "t" means number deposited onl tokens "p" means onl token price the first day the deposit period "p" means volume weighted average market price onl tokens during the deposit period addition the onl recovery tokens you will also receive the additional onl bonus tokens. example: you have onl tokens your ethereum wallet, open deposit for month, and transfer your onl tokens our special escrow account (read more about vault on.live). the deposit open day onl token market price usd during the deposit period market price onl tokens falls and, result, the volume weighted average market price onl token during the deposit period usd your loss shall recovered additional recovery onl tokens. (x.) (x.) addition, you will receive additional onl bonus tokens for months deposit from first example you will get together onl for deposit onl recovery tokens the price falls. please note that the amount recovery tokens always calculated the end the deposit period and weighted the average turnover throughout the deposit period. enter the https://v.on.live/ and apply for the program. minimum deposit applicable for transcoding freeze hedge onl. public version september on.live whitepaper (c) company data broadcasting step step broadcaster signs contract for transcoding and relay services entire transcoders' and broadcasters' history and ratings are recorded the blockchain, users make educated decisions when choosing their best business partners. for example: top-rated broadcaster wants start new broadcast, instead choosing transcoders offers that include high initial transcoding fees, they could place transcoding order the marketplace. since there high chance that this broadcast will very popular, transcoders start applying for this order. the broadcaster finds transcoders that have excellent historical records and meet other criteria they sign smart contract for transcoding services. both parties choose the offers they like the most. next, they sign smart contract for providing the services they have agreed on. the broadcaster starts streaming the broadcaster sets broadcast price that wants paid from each recipient watching the project summary transmission for given time (for example some amount onl tokens per minute). transcoders place their transcoded streaming offers the streaming marketplace. transcoders add their fee the broadcaster's transmission price they could cover their costs transcoding and assuring the given bandwidth. the higher the chance the transmission will popular, the higher the price this stage may be. both recipients and relay nodes might decide buy the transmission directly from the transcoder. relay nodes assure transmissions scalability when the demand for particular streaming high, some relay nodes may decide buy the transmission from the transcoder given price and list their broadcast offers the streaming marketplace with new price that includes their relay fee. since relay node scales the network capacity, they can offer lower prices for the broadcast, recipients who are connected directly transcoders have incentive reconnect the relay node and release the place for another relay node who would like connect directly transcoder. public version september on.live whitepaper (c) company data recipients decide from whom buy the broadcasts recipients can buy the broadcasts (valuable content) the format and quality they like choosing offers from transcoders and relay nodes. taking into consideration aspects such geographical location, internet network infrastructure, various encoding formats and standards, and demand for various qualities the open market will regulate itself. on.live provides tool for testing/estimating the transmission quality that could used recipients before they pay for it. onl maureen chiquet irwin miller onlive talks opinii) follow date: ppv onl maureen chiquet, former global ceo chanel live talks business forum, may conversation with irwin miller, principal gensler discussing her book, "beyond the label: women, leadership, and success our own terms" (harpercollins). for more information live talks business forum and live talks los angeles, visit livetalksla.org and/or "like" this page. message upcoming broadcasts onl fold how happy jan, min share sign @billy maxwell max. jakie koszty? why leadership complicated for minuty temu women oferta: nauka gry koszt: euro czas trwania: minut data godzina: wybierz termin lub zacznij teraz onl @billy maxwellukulele that was fantastic explantion thx. broadcast title maureen chiquet irwin miller description broadcast edit offers live session @ernest hill czesc, czy maureen zrobisz lekcje nice talk show themgry power !!!!! ukulele? jeden numer, minut @clyde mckenzie can talk later priv broadcast setting broadcast data min chat maureen chiquet, former global ceo chanel live talks business forum, may conversation with irwin miller, principal gensler discussing her book, "beyond the label" private consultation with maureen chiquet.. women, leadership, and success your own terms. maureen advice you... wiecej odrzuc broadcast type paid broadcast pay per view (ppv) broadcast charged depending the settings either the initial fee charged (ppv) payment after each minute (ppm) video settings onl use this data provide video and audio using external software! external software ask book url: origin.onlive.link:/live id: private consultation with irwin miller.. onlive_talks mine ppv onl pay key: xfedcbafedcba chat settings business tech onl ask ppv onl only broadcaster private conversation with the author the book, ask anything... wiecej min minute temu (onl) talks only your messages will visible narrative transcoding and relay edit onl tip onl send istantly madservers usa transcoder rank staked onl (onl) sky labs canada transcoder rank staked onl (onl) cancel save changes write reply... book you post @jorge_lutas (change) screenshot broadcast settings public version september on.live whitepaper (c) company data live services step step service provider creates offer the service provider sets service price that wants paid from the recipient watching the live broadcast for given time (for example onl tokens for minutes), selects one the transcoding offers (for example onl token per hour) and transfers the fee into smart contract acting escrow. transcoders place their offers the streaming marketplace. transcoders add their fee the broadcaster's transmission price they can cover their costs transcoding and assure given bandwidth. the service provider chooses transcoders and pays initial fee cover their costs transcoding the case insufficiently large audience joining the broadcast. the fee secured escrow implemented smart contract. security and protection transactions resolving issues with order project summary the recipient has any problems with service execution, can open dispute. the system will choose random validators. for small fee, they check the recording and vote settle the dispute. only then the payments are released from the escrow. all private sessions are logged and encrypted and subject subsequent review the time the claim filed. there dispute, then after the expiration the complaint period are removed from the servers. the service has not been executed, funds will returned the ordering party's account. each party can cancel the transaction. recipients decide from whom buy offer after the service performed, the recipient the service evaluates the service and the service provider. only then the money released from the escrow account and transferred the service provider's account. there are problems with the service, both parties can report the dispute. public version september on.live whitepaper (c) company data flow onl tokens recipients pay for broadcast and transmissions costs the broadcaster sets the content price that would like receive for the broadcast from each recipient watching the transmission (it could one time fee ppv ppm). the transcoder when transcoding and transmitting video adds the content price their transcoding fee and places the transcode transmission offer with new price the streaming marketplace. relay nodes may buy transcoded transmission from the transcoder and publish new (usually cheaper) transmission offer the streaming marketplace more recipients can connect it. recipients may buy transcoded transmission directly from the transcoder relay nodes. thanks the scale effect, relay nodes offer this transmission cheaper than the transcoder and still make profit from the relay services. relay nodes not need decrypt the transmission relay forward. project summary the most important part that the broadcaster always receives the content price from every recipient watching his transmission. all the intermediaries are paid for their services much free, open market allows for that. the end the day, transcoders' and recipients' fees are determined the free market ruled the demand and supply, and limited the costs resources needed perform transcoding and relay services. broadcaster pays the initial transcoding fee the broadcaster has pay the initial transcoding fee the transcoder. set the transcoder mitigate the risk no-one watching the transmitted content. the transcoder guarantees the minimum transcoding/transmission time that going perform for this fee even one joins the transmission. the second reason why on.live network implements this fee spam filtration. protects transcoders from processing unvaluable content and spam attacks. public version september on.live whitepaper (c) company data on.live, unlike any known platform, always provides way negotiate the price with every single content recipient for any single live broadcast session. this price depends only upon mutual agreement between both interested parties. there also initial fee for transcoders insure profitability case insufficient number transcoded stream recipients. all this functionality provided blockchain technology incorporated the core on.live platform. takes care instant fee transfers and allows monitoring all important technical aspects every transmission for later review case dispute. on.live the only platform that enables such solutions, and only one that allows its users profitable right from the first broadcast they will perform. presents most modern, unprecedented attitude towards internet video distribution, and its open for community unlike any other service available internet. public version september on.live whitepaper (c) company data on.live network security transactions security transactions between all parties are secured the blockchain and smart contracts. the final version on.live network there need for trusted authority confirm all transactions between all parties. content security the content broadcast broadcasters encrypted way that only chosen transcoders and recipients who have paid for the transmission are able decrypt it. on.live transcoding and relay nodes proof stake high quality transcoding and relay nodes services assure high quality transcoding and relay nodes services have added users' rating system combined with proof stake. project summary transcoders and relay nodes stakes given amount onl tokens guarantee the quality their services. they might penalized the significant amount recipients complain about transmission quality. proof stake and penalties for low quality services network user decides start serving transcoding relay services they need stake some amount onl tokens smart contract provide guaranty the quality the services they provide. significant number recipients submit complaint about the transmission quality transcoder relay node they have bought the transmission from will penalized. all the complains and transmission history will stored the blockchain both broadcasters, recipients and relay nodes will prefer choose trusted transcoders with positive records. transcoders and relay nodes history browser among other important tools, onlive provides blockchain history browser that allows easy access broadcasters, transcoders and relay nodes history and ratings. public version september on.live whitepaper (c) company data on.live network project development stage onl token payment method the on.live platform onl tokens can used the on.live platform. this the only payment option one the platform and allows payment for streamed content. architecture onl tokens transfer transcoder recipient broadcast broadcaster recipient on.live platform project summary recipient sender send receive recipient recipient onl tokens transfer this stage, the on.live platform handles multiple payment methods and manages balances and transfers off-chain for quicker transactions and lower cost. public version september on.live whitepaper (c) company data additionally, besides transcoding and relay services, the on.live platform provides extra functionalities for its users version such as: the messaging platform any service provider content creator has direct access people who want make contact through chat. chat has been equipped with number tools help you make transactions quickly and efficiently. each chat participant has the ability upload files. the channel owner can create dedicated offers for his clients chat and get rapidly prepared dedicated offer and exchange files directly the chat, including the negotiated price, the duration the consultation and its terms. the customer entering the chat via the channel sees all its offers and can ask for any them. the system will automatically send query that shortens the communication time between users. after sending dedicated offer, the customer receives information the offered transaction the chat and the date its execution now the dates available the service provider's calendar. payment options each service provider content creator, depending the form service provided through the on.live platform, accesses various ready-made billing models with their customers. the system makes possible settle for real-time broadcasts private sessions, payment for joining the live broadcast ppv ppm, subscription models choice various payment options for live broadcasts for access pay-per-view content. wallet on.live users can earn and pay only with on.live tokens. you can buy on.live tokens through integrated wallet that allows you purchase onl's via various methods such credit cards, bank transfers, etc. have developed system that stores information about all transactions made via the platform and monitors the amount onl's each virtual wallet account. the user must have funds his her wallet account order able order service the system buy access the broadcasts. public version september on.live whitepaper (c) verification trust very important thing on.live. the on.live system provides two types verification. the first user account refinement and recommendations. each channel owner has the ability supplement information that will lead point rating the channel and provide that vod system channel verification and evaluation credibility for users information prospective channel customers. selected verified users the system carry out the second verification option. this concerns the verification channels that require license operate, such doctor lawyer. calendar system users may schedule any individual consultation buy access for public broadcast. "my calendar" place where anyone can find list all the available broadcast subscriptions and list all the services they have used and which they have bought. from calendar consultations, meetings and planned live broadcasts always hand there you can request change the date your consultations, share link public broadcasts with your friends. there also list lost opportunities, list consultations that for some reason did not come fruition, you can write from this position chat the service provider client and try carry out the service again. channels each channel has its own profile the system that contains information about the service provider the content creator. the channel owner can freely modify and improve the content the channel supplementing information about the services offered, planning public broadcasts, news, etc. customers can read this information profile channels with users descriptions, photos and reviews and recommendations from other people about the channel and services, check the services they offer, subscribe upcoming broadcasts etc.. public version september on.live whitepaper (c) company data escrow system and dispute resolution thanks the integrated system escrow, payment risks from both sides are eliminated. three objective panel members will help settle any complex disputes and disagreements. the recipient has any problems with service realization, can open dispute. the system will choose random validators. escrow secure your funds, transaction and execution for small fee, they check the recording and vote settle the dispute. only then the payments are released from the escrow. reputation system reviews, and recommendations about our on.live ecosystem participants. the reputation system warns platform users potential unscrupulous customers and performers. information about the likely undesirable service provider will available for all potential customers recomendation system reviews, and recommendations about our on.live ecosystem participants along with any required warnings. profiles verifications. system bonuses and awards for various actions within the platform (vote for new category, writing feedback, recommendations, participation onl resolving disputes, affiliate programs, bounty marketing), participants can receive rewards the form the on.live token (onl). have developed affiliate program that return for service system bonuses and awards recommendations makes possible participate the profits the person she has recommended. most this features will moved the on.live network version and fully decentralized. starting from centralized version this features allows better user testing and increases onl tokens utility from the very first day. public version september on.live whitepaper (c) company data on.live network project development stage -to- transmissions and smart contracts on.live network version will move more functionalities the blockchain. the main change will adding possibility sign smart contract and start -to- transmission directly between broadcaster and recipient without interaction with on.live platform. on.live platform brodcaster recipient send receive resolve dispute project summary onl transfer escrow onl return from escrow smart contracts report dispute this stage, on.live platform may take role disputes resolver case dispute between transmission sender and recipient. public version september on.live whitepaper (c) company data on.live network project development stage full decentralization this stage, on.live network becomes fully decentralized. previously centralized on.live platform turns into one many transcoders. everyone can join the network transcoder relay node since decentralized marketplaces are ready. on.live transcoder rank staked onl broadcaster on.live transcoder rank staked onl project summary sign transcoding contract send onl escrow on.live transcoder rank staked onl smart contracts register transcoding offer pay onl for content broadcaster and onl for transmission on.live transcoder consumer recipent relay node recipent recipent recipent recipent pay onl for content broadcaster and onl for transmission relay public version september on.live whitepaper (c) limitations ethereum blockchain company data besides all advantages such full decentralization and openness, this solution still faces few limitations that every ethereum-based system has. for example: long transaction confirmation times that makes instant payments impractical high cost transactions that makes micropayments impossible all this problems will solved version first run this setup below allow scalability that can potentially reach millions concurrent clients. using this architecture, can have large number independent networks acting resellers for centrally generated content. this the intermediate state before ver decentralization. broadcaster transcoder/relay level project summary transcoder/relay recipents transcoder/relay recipents transcoder/relay level recipents intermediate levels level level public version september on.live whitepaper (c) on.live network version company data wider adoption the on.live network could achieved lowering the cost and confirmation time the transactions between users caused blockchain technology limitations. the on.live network version solves that implementing direct payment channels between network users. using already established video connections between network users transaction transmission layer opens lot possibilities. the on.live network can make almost instant transactions between its users and provide high level security and scalability. computing power used for video transcoding, transmission, encryption and decryption can also used for transaction confirmations. this way onl tokens can exchanged inside the network almost just time and costs free. recipent broadcaster project summary transcoder recipent and relay node onl transfer broadcaster recipent project summary transcoder relay node broadcaster recipent public version september on.live whitepaper (c) summary company data the on.live network delivers the highest quality content creating economic incentive for broadcasters and transcoders invest processing power and network bandwidth into the most valuable streams. the content distributed on.live network censorship-free, but network users make impact what type content distributed the network. transcoders and relay nodes may choose not distribute the content they not like, but there might other transcoders and relay nodes, more business who will distribute it. the on.live network can disrupt centralized video streaming services providing scalable, decentralized medium for people all over the world. broadcaster publish play transcoder recipents recipents relay play recipents relay project summary play transcoder broadcaster relay publish transcoder publish transcoder publish broadcaster broadcaster relay play transcoder relay play publish recipents recipents broadcaster public version september on.live whitepaper (c) company name: onlive ltd street, house no. the courtyard, buntsford drive, zip code/postcode, city dj, bromsgrove, west midlands country great britain commercial registry vat company url: https://onlive.ltd product url: https://on.live e-mail: team@onlive.ltd