white paper openanx real world application decentralized exchanges v.. note reader this white paper was originally written and produced english. unless otherwise indicated, translations this white paper into any other language have not been fully reviewed the open anx foundation and accordingly assurance can made the accuracy and completeness such translations. all instances, where there discrepancy conflict between any such translation and the english version this white paper, the english version shall always prevail. table contents introduction .......................................................................................................................... background................................................................................................................................................... current problem .......................................................................................................................................... openanx ....................................................................................................................................................... current secondary market structures moving from cem dem ........................................................................................................................................................... historical centralized exchange model (cem) ................................................................................. emergence the decentralized exchange model (dem) ............................................................ the openanx platform ................................................................................................. overview/ objectives ............................................................................................................................. market infrastructure .............................................................................................................................. credit risk markets.................................................................................................................................. liquidity aggregation ............................................................................................................................. the openanx user journey ................................................................................................................. technology platform ............................................................................................................................... the foundation and governance ...................................................................... the dispute resolution process ........................................................................................................... oax token sale ........................................................................................................................................ token allocation and distribution ...................................................................................................... restriction the use the funds ..................................................................................................... the oax token ...................................................................................................................... uses oax tokens ................................................................................................................................ membership ................................................................................................................................................ the team ..................................................................................................................................... conclusion ............................................................................................................................ abstract with improvements the ethereum blockchain ecosystem brought about state/payment channel developments and decentralized governance methodologies such boardroom.to, significant functional improvements can considered the entire centralized exchange model ("cem"). key this concept the deployment new decentralized exchange platform that allows transparency for end users, holds collateral for participating gateways and provides predetermined channel for dispute resolution. current centralized exchanges are opaque, closed systems with limited visibility security and access protocols, while the first generation decentralized exchanges fail adequately provide liquidity and trade volume for users. this white paper provides the pathway new, significantly improved platform governed decentralized autonomous organization ("dao"), which turn shall developed the open anx foundation (the "foundation"), non-profit foundation. furthermore, shall explore the importance governance and transparency required any exchange system order for effective. the paper will provide outline the openanx project ("openanx" the "project"), milestones the development, and delve into the requirements needed ensure that the project avoids the pitfalls previous decentralized exchange developments. key words: blockchain, raiden, anx, decentralized, openanx, oax, exchange, cryptocurrency exchange, cryptocurrency authors: hugh madden, david tee, lionello lunesu liam bussell editorial: kathy kok, dave chapman, ken lo, zane tackett tiarnan lynch design: william chiu, ash lam richard introduction background regard cryptocurrencies ("crypto"), the prevailing general reference "centralized exchanges" arguably misleading and inaccurate there transfer legal ownership title taking place when participants (i.e. account holders) act buy sell crypto exchange. there also record the participants' actions the blockchain and there back office settlement between the participants. rather, for example, when selling bitcoin that was previously deposited account with exchange, the seller has operationally and economically traded "bitcoin iou" issued the exchange for "fiat iou" issued the same exchange, and the transaction recorded internally the exchange's accounting ledger. existing "centralized exchanges" sense are not exchanges all. with current centralized exchanges, users hold fiat ious and bitcoin ious issued the exchange the form their account balances and not have actual possession the underlying assets. depending the terms and conditions the exchange and whether operates segregated accounts, some instances the bitcoin iou not even for claim bitcoin but rather for the fiat value the bitcoin liquidation; and previously experienced the exchange may not even have the bitcoin hand settle all the outstanding bitcoin ious that has effectively issued account holders. current problem the counterparty credit risk these ious the crux the problem with unregulated centralized exchanges. the lack operational and financial data prevents the users from being able properly assess and evaluate the counterparty risk and more importantly appropriately price this assumed risk. has been shown time and time again, black swan events, debt defaults, bankruptcies, etc., when there lack information and transparency, market participants tend significantly underprice the risks they are taking and therefore not make optimal decisions and are not being adequately compensated for those suboptimal decisions. the other hand, return for assuming these risks, these exchanges provide valuable functions users they provide platform for price discovery, varying degrees liquidity and means for the exchange economic exposure. participants also avail themselves number critical and practical services they are able transact fiat, store fiat and crypto with varying degrees security, execute foreign exchange transactions, send fiat remittances, resolve disputes, access help desks, make withdrawals purchases via debit cards, comply with aml/kyc requirements, etc. and while these services are critical functioning exchange ecosystem, likely that participants are paying too high implied economic price for these services they have underpriced the counterparty risk the ious they have assumed due lack financial and operational transparency. beginning and accelerating through there have been increase the number initiatives launch "decentralized exchanges" with the primary and oftentimes sole objective eliminating the counterparty credit risk exposure participants assume with centralized exchange. the premise many these initiatives that through the use smart contracts, participants are able maintain possession tokens and being able transact via the smart contracts, counterparty credit risk eliminated and this true for the trading crypto pairs. but the experience the decentralized exchanges that have been launched date that there significant lack activity and liquidity these platforms not everyone desirous, able, trade only crypto pairs these exchanges not work for the general population. the utopian quest eliminating counterparty credit risk, what has been ignored and shunted aside the critical and practical services provided centralized exchanges that are needed for functioning exchange system. functioning exchange system microcosm economy, and all economies are networks the value that network exponential function the number connected users. network externalities are critical for all networks functional and value, decentralized exchange initiatives that limit ignore the nontrading functionalities and ancillary services otherwise provided centralized exchanges are doomed for failure. openanx the openanx platform will take advantage technical developments the ethereum blockchain such payment channels (raiden, swap, erc) and utilize them overcome the challenges faced the current cem. will co-opt the strengths the existing model improve the existent decentralized exchange attempts linking existing exchange platforms ("asset gateways") the openanx platform and enforcing collateralized deposit system that will provide users with way measure risk. will also provide off-chain, dispute resolution system enhance much needed consumer protection. utilizing the latest technological advances and peer-reviewed and implemented open source code, the openanx platform will integrate the strengths the existing cem model with the best functionality and features the decentralized model while circumventing mitigating the shortcomings both systems. addition, being open sourced, the project will transparent and subject scrutiny and input from users and the wider community. lieu centralized authority (government regulator) the only way enforce transparency write into the blockchain itself. the initiative will offer gateway services and bridging secondary, decentralized markets (exchange services) for ethereum erc tokens. these ethereum tokens can the form native ethereum tokens (such tokens for other daos), tokenized representations off-blockchain assets. economides, stern, nyu "the economics networks" http://bit.ly/bpuok hendler, golbeck, university maryland "metcalfe's law, the web and the semantic web" http://bit.ly/qfkkj "what raiden?" http://raiden.network/ "erc token standard: github" https://github.com/ethereum/eips/issues/ the key deliverables openanx are to: migrate existing exchanges the role collateralized asset gateways, bridging fiat tokens collateralized, transparent manner provide credit risk trading allow price discovery and market "voice" gateway creditworthiness provide dispute resolution access collateral the event disputes aggregate order books using anx international's ("anx") proprietary "aggregation liquidity ip", and merging the liquidity participating asset gateways complement the wave "token only" decentralized matching engine projects which otherwise would not have fiat support, and hence further increase liquidity, and accessibility for the general public both order book and peer-to-peer ("pp") over the counter ("otc") order matching migrate anx international's existing user base the new platform, ensuring critical mass initial users; and then growing consortium new and existing exchanges committed migrating the openanx model note that otc also feature openanx which will allow users trade directly via quick and negotiable private channel, which additional option the traditional order book paradigm. through the establishment the open anx foundation, anx has undertaken the initial launch the project, and will contribute the use any held relevant software (such order matching and cross book shortest path protocols). finally, should noted this should not considered "anx" project. the source code open source, the foundation non-profit, and most importantly all existing and new exchanges are encouraged join. openanx completely open every sense the word, and the system designed self-governed its community users. current secondary market structures moving from cem dem historical centralized exchange model (cem) the current paradigm the cem began with mt. gox, and has developed and matured reach the status quo. the cem allows companies provide services for users buy/sell tokens, exchange them for other assets through central gateway platform for fee. proceeds from these activities ensure the service provider return offers customer support, security and suite product offerings. the strengths the system have developed over time coalesce around banking relationships (the ability turn btc eth into cash) and providing liquidity. however, with repeated security breaches various exchanges and poor management, public's faith the cem system increasingly waning. the fundamental question one trust without effective way measure risk, users tend under-price its potential. however, there are deeper underlying issues other than security concerns and lack trust. first among these lack mature infrastructure, and system skewed its design reward "early adopters", exchange, information site other service provider. this makes difficult for interested new entrants gain access information which would allow them objectively assess risk and engage digital token trading reliably. secondly, and equally important, the reputational issue. while much the popularity digital tokens are due their decentralized nature, this fragmentation exacerbates many the cem's inherent flaws, such the lack regulation and transparency, security risks, possible overextension asset classes, and opacity regarding creditworthiness and credit risk for token holders dealing with these exchanges. these shortcomings are major obstacles the next development and widespread adoption the digital token class whole. summary, centralized exchanges provide valuable services acting asset gateways. they allow the offering multiple levels market activities that cannot matched decentralized exchanges. however, these strengths are offset number significant weaknesses, including the possibility substantial financial loss, well the reputational damage the digital tokens ecosystem. each failure, bitfinex others, impact all users indirectly and reduced the valuation the market whole, damaging the credibility digital tokens reliable medium exchange. the key weaknesses cem stem from: custody customer digital tokens (private keys) corresponding credit risk customers upon security fraud incidents lack consumer protection and avenues for dispute resolution lack transparency finances allow customers assess credit risk mt. gox overview- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mt._gox department homeland security "cryptocurrencies" http://bit.ly/qdvwm coindesk "bitfinex bitcoin hack what know and don't know" http://bit.ly/auyzp "baker, bitcoin market collapses after hack" http://bit.ly/qybtg opaque closed source code and centralized data stores each develops their own exchange, deposit, withdrawal and security software; these are typically not open source (with limited audits) metrics and order data within centralised exchanges are not visible customers, unclear market participants the reported data true and complete fragmented liquidity the proliferation exchanges results separate trading pools look the list the most widely used exchanges, find that the virtue market dominance driven aggregation and accretion over time, the clear majority trade volume handled small number players. currently, most transactions run through approximately centralized exchanges, with the majority running through namely: the top significant number have suffered from hacks. fact, with total losses excess billion usd, over all digital assets have been stolen, the majority from centralized exchanges. the common assumption that the larger players should more resistant these malicious hacks due having greater resources and better security has been disproven. addition, the idea that exchange keeps low profile and attempts tread "middle path" may avoid attracting the attention has also been proven false. cryptocoin charts https://www.cryptocoincharts.info/markets/info emergence the decentralized exchange model (dem) the shortcomings centralized exchanges have seen number decentralized exchanges emerge. these largely fit into two categories; those that handle native fiat currencies, and those that handle only pure digital tokens. number pure decentralized digital token exchanges and protocols are starting appear, notably on-blockchain markets such cryptoderivatives.market, and off-blockchain protocols such and raiden for single blockchain token trading. for cross blockchain exchange, the emergence the lightning network for cross blockchain atomic swaps promising. these initiatives are becoming broadly accepted the industry the likely future pure native digital currency token trading. each has benefits and disadvantages, but all lack fiat currency bridging, which needed bring mass market adoption decentralized exchange technology. the closest fiat currency solution for these exchanges are modelled along the lines tether, where each tokenized unit currency reportedly held custody. there however some level industry unease with regards the transparency data, and consumer protection with these types solutions. regardless industry perception, there clearly degree credit risk for customers tether style solutions, with entity, banking, and perhaps sovereign risks with little recourse. the lack convenient and safe fiat currency bridging almost certainly contributes the lack liquidity pure digital token exchanges, comparison the incumbent centralized exchanges. the other category decentralized exchanges focus the fiat currency problem. various platforms such bitsquare have emerged which support fiat currency and digital token transactions; however, these exchanges have not managed gain the critical levels liquidity and trade volumes supplant the centralised exchanges. the need perform fiat settlements one one basis transactions one reason for this. highly liquid markets require the presence market makers and arbitrage traders. these market participants require the ability trade frequently, with much higher frequency than that supported trades linked legacy financial services payment latencies. the challenge then, solve the centralization problem while avoiding the pitfalls existing, decentralized exchanges, such low liquidity and lack choice when comes ancillary services such asset gateway's and off-chain assets. the openanx platform overview/ objectives the openanx project different from pure decentralized exchange initiatives recognizes that non-trading ancillary services are required for attracting the critical mass users required for functional ecosystem network. central openanx the integration emerging decentralized exchange protocols mechanism that provides transparency the counterparty credit quality service provider participants (i.e. asset gateways). while price discovery and trading transaction execution can achieved through smart contracts, the practical reality not all trading exchange functionalities can decentralized. these services are required order for exchange achieve critical mass the next best solution provide the means for appropriate risk assessment these asset gateways. making available risk assessment indicators (including but not limited the posting collateral, membership levels, verified identification information, and other records onto the blockchain) and formalizing defined dispute resolution mechanisms (also inserted onto the blockchain), participants are provided with transparent access important information needed evaluate the credit quality asset gateways. importantly, unlike with the centralized model, the asset gateway never holds crypto-keys both assets for example with fiat gateway, the gateway only holds fiat currency any transaction scenario; the user retains crypto custody, significantly reducing user risk. participants are therefore able make optimal decisions with regards not only trading prices but also the counterparty risk they are willing assume for non-crypto pair trading. these features openanx enable the execution more than just crypto pair trading and will therefore attract trading participants drive volume, price efficiency and liquidity, which turn draws other market participants who provide additional useful functions the network economy. these would include not only existing centralized exchanges who bring their existing transaction volume, but also other participants such rating agencies who evaluate asset gateway creditworthiness and credit risk arbitrage traders who effectively provide market pricing. open source, decentralized, transparently governed exchanges will eventually dominate the crypto currency market. with the increasing maturity the ethereum network, raiden and governance frameworks such boardroom.to, that vision increasingly viable. openanx, aims create truly open source and decentralized platform that uses hybrid model integrate the key strengths the existing cem with key enhancements such credit risk assessment, structured dispute resolution and collateralized deposit system empower users, providers and third parties properly evaluate the uncertainty that has long been part the marketplace. market infrastructure the openanx platform will consist the following market participants: exchange users asset gateways order book sponsors kyc/aml services dispute referees voting members exchange users are users who wish participate the exchange, using the services for native token trading for real world asset trading. exchange users real world assets will require relationship with asset gateway. most jurisdictions, asset gateways are obliged perform kyc and aml order operate legally and maintain the necessary relationships with financial services suppliers such banks. asset gateways take into custody real world assets such eur usd fiat and turn mint erc tokens onto the blockchain. note that these tokens are not "generic" usd tokens, rather the tokens are specific the issuing gateway, for example anx may issue anxusd tokens. before receipt funds and issuance tokens, most asset gateways will first request kyc/aml service performed any user receiving these real-world assets. this done the nomination kyc service smart contract address part the asset gateway registration. when user establishes relationship with gateway, the gateway will first direct them one more kyc services. the kyc service will provide kyc rating, which registered into the openanx dao. note that physical documents other materials are stored the blockchain, merely ethereum address. the kyc service will stipulate kyc level, and validity date range through the kyc api. once user has satisfied the kyc requirements, the gateway can release the token the user. gateway tokens generally require one the following: kyc all (tokens can transferred from any valid ethereum address) boundary kyc (tokens can only minted to, and redeemed from, kyc'd addresses, however minted tokens can freely transferred between addresses), full kyc (tokens can only minted to, redeemed from, transferred amongst, and exchanged with addresses that maintain the stated kyc service approval) asset gateways will afforded varying kyc parameters according their requirements. many asset gateways are expected register and supply their own kyc service "global cryptocurrency benchmarking study cambridge university centre for alternative finance http://bit.ly/qwmty implementation, some jurisdictions difficult undesirable outsource kyc third party. where outsourced kyc possible, significant economies scale are expected with asset gateways sharing kyc/aml service providers. when asset gateways register for service, they will stipulate the kyc smart contract, kyc level, and token operational rules per above. they will also pledge native ethereum collateral onto the blockchain, which will time locked the openanx dao. this collateral serves protect consumers; can released the resolution dispute resolution, users the gateway the event credit event. the future, the time locked collateral could generate fees through powering state channels staking; however, this purely speculative the current time. with the availability transparent, locked collateral, and transparent token issuance, users can form quantifiable views the creditworthiness asset gateways. note that the existing best practices are still recommended, i.e. asset gateways should hold customer funds custody, non-fractional, audited manner. does, however, offer concrete and quantifiable means for users price the credit risk. credit risk markets pricing credit risk key activity any normal financial marketplace. large institutional trading desks, each deal broken into smaller internal constituent deals; which some trading desks focus pricing the market risk some assets, whilst other trading desk focus the credit risk. the profitability deal then attributed the credit and market risk desks individually. the ability trade credit risk notably missing from current crypto markets. openanx will support "credit risk" order books. this manner, anxusd token can traded against another gateway's tokens (say perhaps acmeusd). for example, anx may have strong public brand, and high levels collateral locked the dao relative issue tokens, whilst acme has unknown brand and low levels collateral. the anxusd/acmeusd order book allows these two tokens traded against the other, forming the basis for credit risk trading market within the crypto marketplace. the pricing these credit risks further provides users with another objective measure counterparty risk. order books are opened the dao the request sponsoring user. often the asset gateway itself will sponsor order book for its tokens, for example the anx gateway would open eth/anxusd order book. with the ability asset gateways register their tokens and sponsor their own order books, the barriers entry for gateway operators will significantly lowered. the kao, cfa institute "pricing credit risk" http://cfa.is/qcfvh ghosh, carey business school "bitcoin ethereum? the million dollar question" http://econ.st/qyxq introduction openanx should see many new gateway operators entering the market, with varying levels credit quality and jurisdictional/asset support. these new players will help power the mass adoption cryptocurrencies into the wider (non-crypto) community, utilizing open source "best practice" systems openanx, they will provide greater competition and ease access for users. credit risk order books, trading gateway tokens against each other, will greatly improve price discovery the market. this situation itself better than the current landscape centralized exchanges, there will greater competition and choice for users, with more transparent credit risk, and collateral pledged the blockchain provide safety net the event credit risk event dispute. liquidity aggregation can argued however that the biggest hurdle entry for new exchanges liquidity. liquidity refers the amount traded assets available the order books exchange. highly liquid exchange could allow large deal instantly trade, whilst barely impacting the price. liquidity has strong network effect, soon one exchange venue becomes the largest terms liquidity, quickly attracts more liquidity until other exchanges cannot compete. this has arguably resulted small group centralized crypto exchanges dominating the market place for period time, until such time legal, security, credit event halts operations. the openanx platform overcomes this issue through the application order book aggregation, coupled with credit risk trading books. consider the situation where there are three order books: eth/anxusd eth/acmeusd anxusd/acmeusd themselves order books and reflect individual fragmented pools liquidity. there active credit risk order (i.e. book matching logic call match trades combining the three order books into single order book with simple graph. this fashion, active credit risk order book can transform small individual exchange pools liquidity into single large order book. this approach may last bring about the liquidity network effect turn decentralized, open exchange into the dominant source exchange liquidity. the openanx user journey users openanx who are seeking on-board fiat currency the blockchain will initially require the services asset gateway. the availability public credit risk and collateral metrics should assist users selecting appropriate gateway. the user can expected register through online services specific each gateway, similar the current situation with centralized exchanges. gateways most jurisdictions will require some level kyc and aml; the user will then directed such service, either within the asset gateway, external service provider the asset gateway utilizes third party. upon kyc/aml approval (if required the asset gateway) the user may use the payment methods supported the asset gateway deposit funds. the asset gateway will then mint its own specific (at least partially collateralized) erc tokens. the user will then have the option trading through decentralized user interface provided openanx (i.e. mist coinbase token application) trading their freshly minted token directly with any the available erc decentralised exchanges. expected that the user will typically use the openanx trading interface, the order book aggregation across multiple asset gateway tokens will allow access more liquid pool for the conversion the token into eth other major cryptocurrencies available the platform. eventually the asset gateway token holder can expected off-board their tokens back real world assets. this conducted redeeming the token the asset gateway through the openanx user interface, which point they would contacted their asset gateway. technology platform the technology platform delivered openanx follows: specification the market operating model described the previous section ethereum smart contracts govern and operate the market specified integration with one more exchange channels (notably swap, raiden, support matching api for each off-chain intersection with gateway functions, trading, kyc, order book registration, dispute resolution, dao governance and upgrade services the platform standard, reference implementation user interface allow account management and trading (it expected the community will also provide additional user interface implementations the platform entirely open) further details the prospective technical aspects the project and their future development, refer the "openanx technical whitepaper". the foundation and governance company limited guarantee established hong kong, the foundation's primary objective promote the real world application the openanx platform. also aims initially develop the openanx platform and advocate governance and transparency for the platform. the foundation will establish association consisting members the openanx ecosystem, which will empowered determine the direction functionality and improvement the openanx platform and associated ecosystem. the dispute resolution process the foundation will specify dispute resolution process, utilizing internationally accepted dispute resolution system. rotating board dispute referees will monitor disputes through the resolution process, and oversee collateral release plaintiffs. note that this board dispute referees not the dispute resolution process specifically; rather the mechanism through which dispute resolutions can enacted through the release collateral the blockchain. oax token sale the foundation will fund the development the openanx decentralized exchange discussed this paper through the issuance oax tokens. these tokens will run natively the ethereum blockchain and will offered backers the openanx project via token sale. the token sale will launched about the june second token sale will take place once the initial prototype has been developed and tested fund its deployment. for more information the oax token, see section membership. token allocation and distribution the supply oax limited the number one hundred million (,,) total (including those available for sale during the token sale) and will generated upon the launch ("token launch"). the tokens will distributed the following manner: (//) the tokens will eventually allocated amongst the community; the remaining will allocated the foundation initiator, early backers, and the development team. renz, "nonprofit governance and the work the board" http://bit.ly/rhs oax token distribution model channels percentage locked period oax open token sale (ots) token sale launch june ,,oax additional token sale (ats) additional token sale retained the foundation treasury advisors, directors and early backers the initial funding will used develop working prototype, financial setup, legal fees and promotion. the release successful prototype, second token sale will launched fund the full production ready launch and development all relevant technology and organization matters. which locked for months strategic planning, project support, token swap, emergency fund, development legal fees these will subject year lock-up. subsequent the lock-up, these will used for various development and operation costs openanx over further years. which locked for months which locked for months distributed the directors, advisors, and early backers the project. restriction the use the funds remain line with the spirit the project's open and transparent philosophy, all funds shall tracked and reported according the foundation's guidelines. custodian will monitor the usage the digital tokens and share with the community periodically. financial planning and reporting the foundation shall develop financial planning and review financial performance the previous quarter. digital tokens management the digital tokens belonging the foundation shall managed authorized personnel. the security digital tokens ensured multi signature technology. digital wallet protocol the foundation's digital wallet shall protected multiple signature technology mechanism. disclosure regular basis, the foundation shall disclose the topics regarding community matters, including status development, operations, and the usage tokens, well whether the foundation operates accordance with the governance policy. the oax token the oax token (oax) native ethereum divisible digital token with decimal places. the total number oax tokens issued ,,. for details the distribution these tokens, see section token allocation distribution. uses oax tokens oax token that can exchanged for memberships the dao and/or its association. members will entitled certain privileges, including but not limited voting privileges major operational decisions relating the openanx platform. members are not entitled any economic rights the foundation any time and memberships not entitle the holder any distribution profits nor any claim any assets. memberships are not provided with any right redemption although memberships are transferable. any tokens exchanged for memberships shall destroyed. addition, the extent that excess funds are generated the openanx platform from transaction and other fees, rng algorithmic process will initiated the openanx platform expend such excess funds acquire oax which may trading secondary markets. such acquired oax shall destroyed. there inflation the number oax the cumulative effect these two processes that activity openanx increases, the supply oax will decrease. while core belief that the openanx platform open all, users will only able influence policy through voting privileges, which will conveyed through memberships and oax tokens form the method whereby users gain access memberships. users wish gain access voting privileges, become third-party service provider including but not limited the following areas; kyc, asset gateway, other service, some form membership will required. membership membership provides the holder with access the openanx platform, and may convey voting privileges and other benefits outlined below. the memberships will work through tiered structure that allow for simple access, voting privileges commercial (read: business) solicitation services the platform (e.g. escrow, legal, exchange, credit, asset gateway) with the relative number tokens required for redemption varying with the level benefits. token holders who apply for and receive memberships will submit the tokens alongside the application and upon acceptance, the submitted tokens shall destroyed. this process will cause reduction the size the oax token pool (deflation) over time. membership scale (in order relative number oax tokens required for exchange) participant member tbc voting member tbc founding member tbc third party service provider member tbc asset gateway member tbc participant membership participant members include, amongst others, wholesale and retail traders who desire access the openanx platform for transaction purposes. participant membership the basic level membership. voting membership voting member shall have the privilege vote decisions regarding the openanx platform. these votes shall determined via the foundation's terms and shall communicated the membership through the foundation's website (www.openanx.org) and via social media and online channels. founding membership founding member shall have all the privileges voting member. addition, founding member shall have the right suggest topics for upcoming discussions. third party service provider membership third party members will entitled provide services within the ecosystem. they will include: kyc service providers, trading system providers, legal smart contract vendors other services yet undetermined. asset gateway membership asset gateway member gains all the privileges third-party member and addition, granted the right offer their services provider token-to-fiat currency, multicurrency exchange, token-to-token exchange. the team the project team openanx encompasses group highly experienced innovators who are passionate about crypto and its future, well some the industry's brightest legal and business minds. full details www.openanx.org. conclusion the current market system centralized exchanges and decentralized platforms inherently flawed. while both have their relative merits, the weaknesses both approaches limit their potential service the rapidly developing crypto market and are hindrance widespread adoption crypto. what needed evolutionary system, one that combines the relative merits both approaches, open, transparent and uses decentralized structure governance that written directly the blockchain. such system would use system collateral provide measured security and safety funds for all users, while providing transparency for all parties. providing clear method evaluating risk, would open new markets for both credit and services that would benefit the community. glossary altcoin: altcoins are cryptos other than bitcoin. common altcoins are ethereum (eth), dash, and ripple (xrp). bitcoin: crypto and payment system invented unidentified programmer, group programmers, under the name satoshi nakamoto. cem: centralized exchange model the existing dominant model crypto exchange. single, private, limited corporation hosts and handles all aspects the exchange platform and trading, including security, kyc and data management. cryptocurrency: digital currency that employs cryptography handle transactions and regulate its corresponding currency units, working independently central bank. also sometimes referred digitized tokens. dao: decentralized autonomous organization, also known decentralized autonomous corporation. runs through rules encoded smart contracts. decentralized exchange (dex): mechanism platform that executes transactions without central party hold relevant records. digital token: any resource existing binary format and granting any its users the privileges use. distributed ledger technology: dlt for short, technology that facilitates sharing digital data across physical points without being administered centrally. ethereum: public blockchain-based distributed computing platform, featuring smart contract functionality. fiat (fiat currency): known fiat money, traditional currency established and regulated law. multicurrency exchange: mechanism platform that allows different kinds currency undergo transactions. off-blockchain tokens: the value the transactions operating outside the blockchain. off-chain architecture: the structure system that available for transactions undergoing outside the blockchain. open source: source that made thoroughly accessible for the public. public chain: blockchain which can used and accessed the public. self-governance mechanism: mechanism that able regulate all itself. smart contracts: smart contracts are computer programs that autonomously execute the terms contract. the lightning network: decentralized network that makes rapid off-chain transfer bitcoin ownership possible. token: representation digitized values. with thanks to: jehan chu, chandler guo, thompson shi, henry yu, peter smith, bok khoo, frasier wang, ivan chan, ming yan cheung, antony challinor, clara chen, sawyer zhang, eliott lopez, felix lai, jack liao, amanda tung, janee lok, peter bainbridge, jack cheng, yann carlier, wilson yip, claudia lau, vivian leung, franco ng, carl leung, simon leung, evan fan, joyce shen, charlene ng, cerulean hu, kurt tsang, alex wu, thompson shi, brett lettice, christine sze, peter yau, louis chan, patrick bartolome, kathy cheng, shepard pin, billy yip, andy lin, yan tung, lucia suen, joseph marcilla, tom chan, brian liu, max jackowski appendix about anx international anx international ("anx") privately held company founded anx owns extensive proprietary intellectual property ("ip") and employs full time staff run its many lines business throughout the years since inception, anx's exchange platform ("anxpro") has never suffered security breach resulting lost customer data assets. with strong team, vast experience and significant linked exchanges, order matching and infrastructure, combined with wide network relationships amongst the crypto community, anx strategically situated lead project this scope, addition ensuring that the exchange maintains healthy levels liquidity and trade volume required entice professional traders, buyers and sellers and industry players utilize the exchange. including bitcoin debit cards, retail bitcoin exchange, and its software-as-a-service ("saas") offering, anx blockchain services ("abs"). anx operates one asia's longest running exchanges ("anxpro").