executive summary challenge solution utility the pdata token value proposition our vision our mission objectives the challenge the solution opiria the product today opiria adding objective data the opiria-platform and pdata token general overview the opiria platform operation and function the opiria-platform strategies grow the consumer database motivation for consumers sign sign process for consumers trading personal data exchanging between fiat and pdata motivation for consumers hold the pdata token payment and value flow the pdata advantage matrix why blockchain scope the general data protection regulation (gdpr) what personal data and what types are protected gdpr? how opiria fulfills the requirements gdpr consent lawful basis for processing security processing and pseudonymisation right access, transparency and processing purpose right rectification, erasure and data portability records processing activities data protection design and default why personal data the oil the century the market data brokerage market research competitive landscape data brokerage market research token mechanism token generation event (tge) how tge tokens are traded the opiria token generation event (tge) the ethereum blockchain why this important? utility the pdata token leadership core team opiria software development team board advisors legal counsel token generation event (tge) structure how will the pdata tokens priced? what the tge time and bonus schedule? private sale public pre-sale public sale (tge) what cryptocurrencies will you accept during the tge? when will pdata tokens distributed contributors and unlocked? how will the pdata tokens distributed? how will the team's used? use funds roadmaps global expansion roadmap development roadmap disclaimer risks and disclosures this whitepaper and the information provided www.opiria.io website and any terms and conditions published pdata legal entity from cayman islands not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment any jurisdiction. the pdata tokens are digital cryptographic utility tokens based erc that provide access the pdata platform. the pdata tokens are not intended constitute securities and/or collective investment units any jurisdiction. you decide contribute pdata development, please note that your contribution pdata does not involve the exchange cryptocurrencies for any form securities, investment units and/or form ordinary shares pdata any other company, pdata token holder does not receive any form dividend other revenue right that guaranteed participates profit sharing scheme. due legal and regulatory uncertainty the united states america, the citizens and green card holders and persons residing the united states america are not allowed provide contributions and obtain pdata tokens. citizens and green card holders and persons residing the united states america that participate the fundraiser providing false information about their citizenship, residency place and nationality will breach pdata legal entity from cayman islands terms and conditions and would entitle pdata legal entity from cayman islands request such persons compensate any damages and/or losses suffered due this violation. the whitepaper, information provided pdata legal entity from cayman islands web page and any pdata legal entity from cayman islands terms and conditions published pdata legal entity from cayman islands any part thereof and any copy thereof must not taken transmitted any country where distribution dissemination this documents/information prohibited restricted. this whitepaper private placement memorandum, and has not been approved any person, including any authorized person authority. this information whitepaper does not constitute prospectus per the regulations and has not been approved authorized person within the meaning law filed with any national authority. please read the section this information whitepaper named "disclosures risk factors" for discussion certain risks and other factors which should considered prior any purchase tokens. all recipients agree that they will use this information for the sole purpose evaluating possible purchase tokens, and acknowledge and agree that this information not prospect that contains all information contributor may require order form contribution decision. this whitepaper shall interpreted accordance with the english language version hereof, any translated version into any other language than english, than the english version will control and prevail any question interpretation otherwise. clients include opiria currently being used dozens companies worldwide for their client data needs. these even include many fortune brands globally-recognizable names such audi, bmw, mercedes-benz, volkswagen, general motors, nissan, intel, procter gamble, freightliner, and many others. right now, the opiria consumer research platform helping top companies worldwide understand consumer needs and requirements. using the opiria web-application and the opiria smartphone app, our customers have direct line consumers and can get their opinion and feedback, worldwide, real-time. our existing consumer acquisition strategies include paying consumers join take surveys and partnering with companies that will grant access their client databases. contrast most tges who just sell ideas, opiria already has real product with real customers. the blockchain-based opiria pdata token ecosystem going built top already existing business with already existing revenue. believe the addition pdata tokens will disrupt the billion usd per year data brokerage business and become the gold standard for companies interested accessing consumer personal data. furthermore, due the easier and better availability personal data thanks pdata and opiria, expect the whole data brokering market grow. "personal data the oil the century." executive summary opiria-platform and pdata token are creating global decentralized marketplace for the secure and transparent buying and selling personal data. companies worldwide desperately need personal data from consumers understand their needs and requirements order design products and services that fuel desire well perfectly target marketing and sales activities. this why data brokerage billion usd/year industry and personal data the oil the century. opiria-platform enables consumers earn money monetizing their personal data. companies can buy personal data directly from consumers and compensate them with pdata tokens. pdata token the currency that expresses the value personal data and enables its trading using smart contracts the blockchain. opiria platform will connect consumers and companies globally and become the world's largest decentralized personal data marketplace. opiria-platform and pdata tokens will democratize the brokerage personal data secure, lawful, fair and transparent way, making use blockchain technology and the principle choice your choice securely sell your personal data with whom you want with the help our platform. give companies access real, reliable and high-quality consumer data and compensate consumers for their data with pdata tokens all the while respecting their privacy, line with rigorous general data protection regulation (gdpr) guidelines. pdata monetize your personal data challenge solution companies worldwide desperately need know their customers. they need fundamental human insights about consumers order design innovative products and services that fuel desire, which leads sales. companies also need precise personal data from and about consumers perfectly target marketing and sales activities. now companies face ever-growing demands for consumer data, the world becomes more interconnected and new competitors emerge. this why data brokerage became billion usd per year business. the data brokerage industry grew the past years and expected grow the same rate during the next few years. data brokers operate inconspicuously behind veil secrecy and good number are evidently stealing personal data, packaging and reselling commodity, companies worldwide. doing so, data brokers are violating consumers' data privacy and not even compensating consumers. consumers worldwide are becoming increasingly aware these unethical practices and have begun actively protect their data privacy. this has prompted ensuing arms race where, for example, consumers blocking their web browsing cookies may answered the surreptitious gathering addresses, and on. this only one simple and innocuous example. increasingly tech savvy users and new privacy laws are making harder for data brokers access quality personal data. result, data brokers may engage much more sophisticated veiled methods that can cross line into questionable practices. sum up, the current system opaque and uncontrollable, consumers' privacy violated, and companies are hardly getting enough quality data meet their market research requirements. this already leads failed investments the double-digit billions. addition, the general data protection regulation (gdpr) the european union becomes enforceable from may and will make even more complicated for data brokers access personal data. seems like are accelerating downward spiral with way stop reverse the trend. the good news that there solution for these serious problems! the solution needs fully transparent and secure, while providing open marketplace that enables and ensures the following: consumers can control with whom they share specific personal data consumers get proper compensation for providing personal data personal data flows directly from consumers companies with middlemen and that exactly what opiria will doing. with the pdata token and the blockchain-based opiria platform, want create global decentralized marketplace where companies can buy personal data directly from consumers without any middlemen. the pdata token puts value personal data and creates currency that expresses that value. consumers can create profile the opiria platform and start disclosing personal data, granting permission for their personal data collected via e.g. browser plugin, smartphone app, wearables and smart devices, through surveys. they can decide which data they disclose the opiria database. the more they disclose the more valuable their profile becomes. companies can ask consumers for permission access their disclosed personal data via the opiria platform. consumers that consent provide their data would trigger smart contract between the consumer and the company. this basis the consumer paid with pdata tokens and the company receives the requested personal data. important advantage opiria has over today's traditional data brokers that opiria and pdata token enable companies gather directly from consumers this leads the possibility acquiring very specific pieces personal data that are not otherwise available today from data brokers (e.g. tracking data from wearables, smartphone usage, eye tracking and browsing behavior the web). this brings huge added value for companies! the following figure shows how the blockchain-based opiria ecosystem works, what personal data can accessed and how consumers are compensated via pdata tokens for disclosing personal data. figure: visualization how the opiria ecosystem works opiria and the pdata token create ecosystem for the secure trading personal data while fully protecting consumers' data privacy and granting them full control over direct payments for their personal data. this fully transparent, open and secure marketplace will motivate consumers provide data instead fighting against surreptitious data brokers. companies get quick and easy way access more specific and higher quality personal data giving them the tools they need make much more informed and thus more financially secure decisions when designing new innovative products and services, with better targeted marketing and sales activities. utility the pdata token pdata token provides utility for both the companies and the consumers. companies need pdata tokens order purchase personal data from consumers respectively send them surveys. consumers earn pdata tokens selling their personal data and participating surveys. owning pdata tokens increases the likelihood for consumer receive "personal data request" from company earlier than other consumers that own less pdata tokens. this gives consumers with more pdata tokens average small time advantage sell their data companies. table: utility pdata token utility for companies utility for consumers buy consumer's personal data from the database with pdata tokens spend pdata tokens send pdata tokens for selling personal data surveys consumers and receive specific personal data receive receive pdata tokens for participating surveys holding pdata tokens increases likelihood for receiving "personal data request" from companies value proposition the opiria platform provides: consumers companies full control over their provided personal data protection their anonymity protection their data privacy proper compensation motivated consumers willing provide personal data accurate personal data for the provided quick and easy access high quality personal personal data data more specific personal data, such tracking data from wearables, smartphone usage, browsing behavior the web, and better decisions when designing new products and services better targeted marketing and sales activities our vision establish pdata token the currency that expresses the value personal data. enable consumers monetize their personal data. our mission develop global decentralized marketplace for the secure and transparent trading personal data based the blockchain. objectives raise million usd through token sale, for the development the opiria ecosystem develop the pdata token ecosystem and have least million consumers the database the end have customers the opiria platform cover the most relevant countries for market research from all across the world until (see also chapter financial overview opiria-platform business plan the challenge the internet has made easier for any company with website launch new products and services. but it's also easier waste time and money, and fail. almost everything imaginable can developed and the possibilities for new products and services are limitless. low entry barriers (children can build simple websites), increasingly connected world, and the rise outsource development and manufacturing have led explosive proliferation new products and services, all competing for limited market share. for example amazon the usa, the number available products jumped million from million only two years (since december that's average new products per day! numbers similar amazon's can found most markets worldwide the downside and bitter truth this development that all product innovations fail, which leads annual failed investment more than billion usd, pointed out gfk and harvard professor clayton christensen the major reason for failure, according dr. ken hudson that "new products not excite customers and retailers", because companies misunderstand consumer needs and the problem that the product allegedly solving. the lesson that world which companies can now develop almost any imaginable product, their success depends how well they meet the deepest human desires their target customers. better serve customers and mitigate the cost failures, companies are spending more market and consumer research. the annual revenue market research companies increased from billion usd billion usd the rise spending market and consumer research should lead decreasing number failed products. but fact, the opposite the case! why does market research provide misleading guidance? there are two reasons: less data: people are reticent provide any kind personal data. fake data: many those who provide personal data, provide intentionally inaccurate false information protect their privacy. this proven several studies and reports: giovanni al. show their study, "why are people (un)willing share information" that average all consumers are not comfortable with sharing any kind data. this percentage increases when comes private personal data. similar result found till dziallas who reports that don't like online surveys and more than don't participate them. report from mindi chahal the marketing week shows that consumers are providing false information, the main reason being protect their privacy the results are clear: it's getting harder gather personal data from consumers. the underlying reason consumers' "perceived privacy risk", which defined the "consumer's perception risk when marketers companies attempt collect, use, and distribute data personal data about them and their behaviour". the study "willingness provide personal information online: the role perceived privacy risk" shows that there's strong and statistically significant correlation between perceived privacy risk the willingness provide personal data but why are consumers' "perceived privacy risk" rising? the evidence shows that consumers are becoming increasingly aware worldwide data brokerage business practices, and their harmful effects. steve kroft from cbs news shows his article, "the data brokers: selling your personal information" that the cause for consumers constantly increasing perceived privacy risk that called data brokers are collecting, analyzing and packaging some our most sensitive personal data and selling commodity each other, advertisers, other companies, and even the government. the following figure visualizes how consumer data flows the worldwide system one the biggest player the us, acxiom corporation. figure: acxiom's global data flow (source: acxiom) jason morris and lavandera from cnn report their article "why big companies buy, sell your data" that the data brokerage industry now billion-a-year industry and growing. companies like acxiom, corelogic datalogix have, average, data points per person extremely detailed information about every single household. michael gregg's article huffington post, "how data brokers threaten consumer privacy" takes even further and gives some contemptible examples how the data brokerage industry gathering, cross-referencing and storing that data massive databases available for everyone! the following figure shows the current "personal data ecosystem" (source: federal trade commission ftc) with its several middlemen. one can see how "data collectors" collect personal data from unprotected consumers, then "data brokers" analyze and package personal data before finally selling mainstream companies. figure: personal data ecosystem. source: ftc now the era big data, the amount data being collected increasing exponentially. reinhard clemens board member for t-systems and group it, explains that the total amount data collected the entire year now collected single day! that claim supported the rapid growth the data brokerage industry itself, which increased its revenue from billion-a-year billion-a-year government involvement seems unlikely the near-term. the federal trade commission (ftc), the government agency tasked with regulating this industry, admitted doesn't even know how many data brokers exist, nor how regulate them but the ftc did conclude its report "data brokers: call for transparency and accountability" that "the need for consumer protections this area has never been greater." sum the situation follows: companies need precise personal data from consumers develop successful and innovative new products and services, and better target their marketing and sales activities. right now, users willingly provide either very little data mostly fake data protect their data privacy. the reason consumers worry about their data privacy that data brokers are surreptitiously collecting, analyzing and packaging sensitive personal data and selling commodity. lack precise personal data from consumers contributes the fact that all product innovations fail, which turn what leads annual failed investments more than billion usd. almost seems like are accelerating downward spiral and there's way stop reverse the trend. but the good news there solution for that serious problem. there needs platform that enables and ensures the following: consumers have full control over the collection and usage their personal data consumers can control with whom they share their personal data consumers get proper compensation for the provided personal data personal data flows directly from consumers companies with middlemen this assumption strongly supported experts and the federal trade commission. giovanni al. clearly show their study ,,why are people (un)willing share information" that ,,almost every consumer would willing provide personal data they would have control over the collection and usage their data." the federal trade commission states that their report "how big data enables economic harm consumers" that "users undervalue the personal data they provide" and that therefore "the economic value content data flows largely for free the big data brokers". the federal trade commission further states that there needs service that allows users share their data and get compensated appropriately __________________________________ https://export-x.com////how-many-products-does-amazon-sell-/ http://presse.serviceplan.de/uploads/tx_sppresse/.pdf https ://www.bizjournals.com/bizjournals/how-to/marketing///why-so-many-new-products-fail- and-it- s-not-the.html https ://www.bizjournals.com/bizjournals/how-to/marketing///why-so-many-new-products-fail- and-it-s-not-the.html https ://www.statista.com/statistics//global-revenue-of-market-research-companies/ http://reports-archive.adm.cs.cmu.edu/anon/isr/cmu-isr--.pdf https://www.internetworld.de/onlinemarketing/zahlen-studien/beliebtesten-anreize-online-befragungen- .html https://www.marketingweek.com////consumers-are-dirtying-databases-with-false-details/ https://kar.kent.ac.uk///online%version.doc https://www.cbsnews.com/news/data-brokers-selling-personal-information--minutes/ http://www.cnn.com////tech/web/big-data-acxiom/index.html http://www.huffingtonpost.com/michael-gregg/how-data-brokers-threaten_b_.html https://www.telekom.com/en/company/management-unplugged/reinhard-clemens/details/a-remedy-for-digital-a ngst- https://www.ftc.gov/system/files/documents/reports/data-brokers-call-transparency-accountability-report-federal -trade-commission-may-/databrokerreport.pdf http://reports-archive.adm.cs.cmu.edu/anon/isr/cmu-isr--.pdf https://www.ftc.gov/system/files/documents/public_comments///-.pdf the solution opiria the product today opiria web-based market research platform that allows companies understand real- time what consumers think, experience, see and feel order design better products and services. the revolutionary approach opiria establish direct line between companies and consumers targeting addressable market billion people all around the world who have smartphones and are permanently online and accessible. this allows opiria gather opinions and feedback from them everywhere and any time. the following figure shows simplified diagram the opiria architecture and its components: figure: simplified diagram the opiria architecture shown, consumers and companies are directly connected via the pdata platform. consumers become part the pdata platform downloading the opiria app their apple android smartphone. afterwards they create profile and disclose specific information about themselves (e.g. gender, age, country) filling out initial survey. companies can access all consumers the opiria database logging the opiria web application. the opiria web application the central platform that allows them create, distribute and analyze surveys. currently, two types surveys are supported: mobile surveys and mobile diaries. mobile survey contains one several questions and answered once. mobile diary can answered multiple times and tracks consumer experiences with product service for certain period time. the following figure shows how mobile survey looks like the opiria web application. the purpose this question understand which iphone design preferred consumers. figure: example for mobile survey understand which iphone design preferred consumers companies doing research the platform create survey, select the appropriate consumer profile from the opiria database (e.g. gender: male, age: years old, country: usa and china) and distribute the survey the target consumer profile. the consumers receive the survey real-time their smartphone together with notification. the case mobile survey, consumers reply within minutes and all answers return real-time. case mobile diary, consumers start providing immediate and unfiltered feedback while they experience product service. they can even add multimedia elements their feedbacks such text, pictures, audio and videos. each feedback called touchpoint. the following figure shows the left side how the question regarding the iphone design looks like the opiria app. the right side one can see example for touchpoint mobile diary. the consumer providing feedback about his experience with his new car. figure: left side mobile survey: answering question regarding the preferred smartphone design; right side mobile diary: providing feedback about the experience with product the opiria web application receives all answers and feedbacks and automatically aggregates and analyzes them. case mobile survey all answers from all consumers worldwide are aggregated and visually presented selectable charts and table form. since gps position each consumer tracked, opiria can display the location each answer world map. this added data visualization allows researchers understand differences opinions across regions. the following figure shows the result the design survey. looking the bar chart one can clearly see which design variant preferred. the map shows where answers came from. one can even filter the results using filter criteria such gender, age and country understand for example the differences between age groups. figure: result the iphone design survey case mobile diary, all touchpoints all consumers are visually displayed map and timeline. researchers visualize the called "customer journey" and gain understanding experiencing product service from the consumer's perspective. the timeline below the map contains the touchpoint cards and display chronological order. the vertical alignment the touchpoint cards the timeline represents satisfaction each touchpoint. the touchpoint cards can expanded see detailed feedback, including comments, pictures, audio and videos. figure: results the mobile diary understand consumers experiences with their new car already the current state opiria revolutionizing the way consumer research done and solves its two major problems: time and money. the following figure shows how market research traditionally done. company with specific market research question asks its market research department perform market research study. the market research department subcontracts market research firm with that task which again subcontracts panel provider get access the relevant consumer group. each described step costs time and money. the result that the average market research study takes weeks and costs usd. can you imagine waiting weeks get the answer for market research question where markets are moving faster and product development and lifetime cycles become shorter and shorter? figure: the slow and expensive process traditional market research contrast traditional methods, opiria eliminates all middlemen and establishes direct line between companies and consumers. the following figure shows how companies can directly connect with consumers all around the world via the pdata platform. this allows researchers get results and insights times faster and reduces the costs for consumer research figure: opiria eliminates all middlemen and directly connects ompanies and consumers opiria adding objective data the next big milestone the opiria development roadmap add tracking and analysis objective consumer behavior data september the objective data channels that will added are eye tracking and emotion analysis. combination with the subjective answers and feedbacks this will allow researchers get unprecedented insights consumer's behavior, needs, expectations and requirements. the following figure shows simplified diagram the opiria architecture and how the existing version will extended. figure: simplified diagram the opiria architecture with version the pdata platform will also allow researchers run web browser based surveys. this will enable companies send surveys via email, weblink integrate them directly website. the opiria eye tracking browser plugin will measure consumer's gaze behavior when looking stimuli (e.g. videos pictures) embedded survey when browsing the internet, playing games interacting with software. the same time the opiria emotion analysis browser plugin will measure consumer emotions looking their facial expressions. the following figure provides example this combined measurement gaze behavior and emotions. figure: eye tracking and emotion analysis via browser plug-ins the opiria app will also enhanced and measure consumer emotions during surveys looking their facial expressions. the opiria web application will extended analyze the measured objective data channels. this will for example enable companies replay gaze behavior and emotions together understand how consumers interact with website view advertisement and how that influences their emotions. even further, high level data analysis methods such heat maps, gaze paths, area interest based gaze analysis and emotional fingerprints will implemented. heat maps allow researchers understand the gaze and attention distribution while interacting with website advertisement, while gaze path visualizes the chronological order glances. area interest based analysis uncovers how often and how long consumer was looking certain objects regions (e.g. the company logo video advertisement website). emotional fingerprint visualizes the distribution the consumers' emotions for certain period time order understand how, for example, website advertisement perceived general. the opiria-platform and pdata token with the pdata token and the blockchain-based opiria-platform want create marketplace where companies can buy personal data directly from consumers without any middlemen. the pdata token qualifies value personal data and creates currency that exactly expresses their value. the ecosystem created the pdata token and opiria-platform will open completely new marketplace where the value pdata ultimately determined the market forces supply and demand personal data the ethereum blockchain. therefore, when the demand personal data grows, the value the pdata token will also similar any other open market mechanism. this ecosystem will function without any central authority control. takes care all the stages related personal data during its lifetime from filling the marketplace with personal data the use the personal data from companies. the great advantage the pdata token ecosystem the secure trading personal data, which fully protects consumer data privacy. this due the functional mechanism the blockchain which consumer just address the internet. consumers see which company wants what kind data from them and can decide whether not grant access their personal data. hence, direct relationship trust established between the consumer and the company without any middlemen believe the right mechanism encourage consumers provide personal data pay them when they give companies access their personal data. for all these reasons, need token help tie together this economy refer this token pdata. general overview the opiria platform the architecture the opria platform extension the opiria architecture. the main new elements the personal data acquisition side are the following: tracking the consumer behavior, both when using the laptop/pc and the smartphone/tablet (e.g. browsing behavior, online purchases, software/app usage) measurement data from wearables (e.g. activities, heart rate) and smart devices (e.g. smart home, smart scale) overall there are multiple modules used the general architecture this platform given below: data storage database module backend opiria web application for companies the smart contract for trading personal data between consumers and companies opiria native app survey module opiria native app emotion detection module opiria native app smartphone/mobile device usage tracking module opiria native app wearables (e.g. fitness tracker) data tracking module opiria native app smart devices (e.g. smart home, smart scale) data tracking module opiria survey browser plug-in opiria emotion detection browser plug-in opiria eye tracking browser plug-in opiria web-browsing behavior browser plug-in opiria pc/laptop usage tracking module opiria social media module not the purpose this white paper detail every single module. given below simplified diagram with simplified flow. figure: simplified diagram the general architecture the ecosystem operation and function the opiria-platform strategies grow the consumer database one the challenges getting consumers that are willing provide personal data companies. order get consumers into the opiria platform have different approaches that work together simultaneously: get consumers via opiria's customers (the companies): companies invite their customers (the consumers) join the opiria database. nice example this what happened with one our customers freightliner: they invited truck drivers join the platform and provide data and feedback about how they are using the freightliner trucks. airdrop campaign: after the tge airdrop campaign will start. this means new users the opiria app will receive initial compensation (in pdata tokens) for signing up. referrals registered consumers can invite other users and receive referral fee (in pdata tokens) the invited ones sign up. the tge community the goal have large number members the pdata community (join the community https://t.me/pdatatoken all community members will invited download the opiria app and sign up. friends and families are also welcome. during the tge, "opinion the day survey" surveys with interesting questions will sent regular base all members. the results will published the pdata telegram channel and send the members email. social media marketing refers the classical social media marketing with paid ads.the costs for these campaigns are already planned our financial plan. motivation for consumers sign additional the above described strategy for acquiring consumers, following mechanisms help (a) motivate consumers sign the opiria platform and (b) motivate them disclose much personal data possible: motivation sign the consumer receives initial reward from the platform (in pdata tokens) for signing and disclosing personal data well for installing the opiria app and the opiria browser plugins. the amount the initial payment depends the quantity disclosed personal data. the first and second year the initial payment higher get consumers sign fast possible.. motivation disclose more personal data: the more personal data the consumers disclose the more valuable their profile becomes and the more tokens they get when they allow companies access their personal data. another reason that motivates consumers join with the platform that users the opiria platform can invite others join the platform and receive pdata tokens compensation the invited ones actually join the platform. sign process for consumers order part the opiria platform, consumers have sign and create their profile. this contains the following steps: register the opiria platform with the opiria app the opiria web interface for consumers. fill out initial survey and disclose basic necessary personal data (demographics). fill out additional surveys regarding different topics such interests, education, financial data, health data and on. install opiria app smartphone (if not already installed) and define which personal data shall disclosed (e.g. smartphone usage, app usage and data, browsing behavior, touchscreen entries, online shopping behavior, emotion tracking, location tracking, data from connected wearables, data from connected smart devices, and on). install opiria browser plug-in and define which personal data shall disclosed (e.g. browsing behavior, keyboard entries, online shopping behavior, screen recording, eye tracking, emotion tracking, give access social networks, give access contacts, and on). trading personal data opiria's basic strategy decentralized, meaning that the platform not designed hold data intermediary between the consumers providing data and the companies that request data, but just mediate transactions between the two parties. achieve this, opiria's concept store cleartext information just proof the existence data, well some information about the data. the platform cannot access the personal data the consumers itself. can only access profile information the consumers. that enables companies filter for consumer profiles and datasets they are interested in. the question where the data stored arises. the original unencrypted data never leaves the storage its owner, that usually the device which the data was sourced (e.g. the user's smartphone). whenever data has leave this device, encrypted. encryption based asymmetric cryptography, there public and private key involved. for each dataset present the system, the owner generates special public/private key pair and encrypts the data with the public key, while not giving away the corresponding private key. data encrypted this way stored peer peer network servers for easy accessibility. the reason that data has accessible even the device consumer offline and ensure that the storage used for personal data consumer devices kept minimum. the important fact here that this data completely useless for anyone not holding the private key, effectively the data completely protected, and only its owner can use it, even though resides server/network servers. the following high level overview the process for trading personal data the opiria platform given. the following figures are visualizing this process parts. consumers continuously submit their encrypted data the platform where stored mentioned above. they send the data through the opiria app connecting different services the platform (like wearables, smart home devices, browser plugins, etc.). having determined need for some specific data from consumers, company will send data request the pdata platform (step for this data for certain consumer profile (for example requesting data related baby food from mothers with little children from specific country, offering pdata tokens return compensation). the platform will match this request with the consumers who are able provide the data (step figure: trading personal data the opiria platform part the platform sends offer the target consumers (step offer could look like this: company would like access data xyz from you and offers pdata tokens for it. you want accept this offer? case the consumer accepts (step the pdata platform informs the smart contract the blockchain pending transaction and prepares for the exchange the specified data from the consumer the company for the defined amount pdata tokens (step figure: trading personal data the opiria platform -part next, the smart contract executes the transaction (step this means that the smart contract locks into escrow the pdata tokens the consumer will receive (.). the consumer's private dataset key being sent through the blockchain from the consumer (.) the company (.). the private dataset key encrypted with the company's public key, can only used the company. then the pdata tokens are transferred the consumer's account (.) and the company receives the still encrypted dataset has bought (.). finally (step the company having now the dataset and the private dataset key able decrypt the data and use it. figure: trading personal data the opiria platform part exchanging between fiat and pdata the success the platform depends the companies and consumers utilizing it. these entities will generate demand for the pdata tokens, and opiria platform intends make the process exchanging between fiat and pdata tokens simple possible, visualized figure figure: handling the exchange fiat-pdata companies that wish utilize the platform will interact with user interface that takes fiat payments for the budget used for consumer compensation. this means that companies can continue working the currency they are used to. they can set the compensation they are willing pay consumers fiat money. the moment company places data request, the platform will convert the reserved fiat budget into pdata tokens the current market price. opiria will source the pdata tokens either from its own reserves the open market. the offer consumers receive will pdata. from this moment the amount pdata the consumer receiving for providing the personal data fixed, matter the consumer provides the data now the next day. consumers gather the pdata tokens received for providing personal data into their consumer account the opiria platform. when specific amount tokens reached, they can cash out and will receive the fiat value worth the tokens they hold based the current market price. the minimum amount avoid consuming gas for lot small transactions the blockchain. the pdata token enables paying consumers worldwide coming from different countries and having different local currencies with one single currency that expresses the value personal data. motivation for consumers hold the pdata token following mechanisms are motivating consumers hold the pdata tokens: the token hierarchy: the more tokens consumers hold the higher their level something like: bronze silver gold consumer higher level, the likelihood receive "personal data request" from company earlier than consumers lower level increased what gives them average small time advantage sell their data companies. but this just average and likelihood based. that means bronze users might also receive sometimes "personal data request" earlier than gold users. order avoid running into imbalance token buyers and sellers consumers hold their tokens, opiria keeps the issued pdata tokens. this ensures that companies can still buy pdata tokens for purchasing personal data from consumers even though consumers might hold their tokens and don't sell them don't cash out. payment and value flow all payments will done via the blockchain pdata tokens, governed opiria's smart contract, real time, once the transaction conditions are met. the high-level concept the pdata tokens flow that the company sends payment the consumer for receiving its personal data and the opiria platform receives share thereby the consumer's revenue is: with: consumer's revenue company's payment opiria's share the only exception this general value flow when the consumers sign and create their profile. that case the opiria platform sends payment the consumer. that case the consumers revenue is: with: consumer's revenue opiria's payment the pdata advantage matrix the following table shows the left the current situation with the centralized ecosystem and the right side the advantages using the opiria platform: table: pdata advantage matrix current ecosystem pdata token and payments consumers have control over their personal consumers have full control over their personal data data misuse consumers' data misuse per impossible consumers' anonymity not protected protection consumer's anonymity due blockchain mechanisms consumers don't want participate surveys consumers are happy participate due full privacy protection and compensation consumers protect their personal data and consumers provide personal data thus enabling prevent access easy access consumers provide false personal data protect consumers provide correct personal data their privacy companies receive false personal data and make companies receive personal data high quality wrong decisions and make better decisions companies have work through data brokers companies can quickly and easily access access consumer's personal data consumers' personal data companies can only access consumers' data companies can access tailored personal data (e.g. which available data brokers' database web browsing, tracking data from wearables) consumers get compensation for their consumers get compensation for the provided personal data personal data several middlemen between consumer and middlemen between consumer and companies companies opaque and uncontrollable system fully transparent open marketplace why blockchain may the general data protection regulation goes into effect. the main goal the gdpr ensure protection the fundamental data privacy rights consumers. the requirements the gdpr are big challenge for companies worldwide and extremely hard fulfill. but since blockchains were built function "trustless" environment which people can transact directly with one another without needing trust any middleman the ecosystem, they are perfect basis for fulfilling the requirements the gdpr. the following describes how opiria's trading personal data based the blockchain compliant with the gdpr. scope the general data protection regulation (gdpr) the general data protection regulation regulates how businesses have protect personal data and privacy citizens. the gdpr valid for transactions within member states but also regulates how export personal data outside the eu. the gdpr consistent across all member states what means that companies only have implement the standard once. the gdpr binding for any company that stores processes personal data information about citizens within the states even they don't have business presence the eu. the following types companies have comply: companies with presence country presence country, but processing personal data european residents. company has more than employees company has less than employees but its data-processing impacts the rights and freedoms data subjects not occasional includes certain types sensitive personal data consequence this means nearly every company has comply. pwc report shows that more than all companies the consider gdpr top data protection priority! what personal data and what types are protected gdpr? http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=celex:r https://www.pwc.com/us/en/increasing-it-effectiveness/publications/assets/pwc-gdpr-series-pulse-survey.pdf "personal data" means any information relating identified identifiable natural person ('data subject'); identifiable natural person one who can identified, directly indirectly, particular reference identifier such name, identification number, location data, online identifier one more factors specific the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural social identity that natural person. the consequence that online identifiers such address, cookies and become "personal data" they can (or are capable being) without undue effort linked back the data subject. the following list provides overview the types data that are protected gdpr: basic identity information such name, address and numbers web data such location, address, cookie data and rfid tags health and genetic data biometric data racial ethnic data political opinions sexual orientation how opiria fulfills the requirements gdpr the following will described how the opiria-platform fulfills the gdpr requirements regarding privacy and protection personal data. the process how personal data traded secure and transparent way the blockchain described trading personal data the blockchain consent lawful basis for processing requirement: according art. personal data can only processed lawful basis, based the consumer's consent. entering the opiria- platform, consumers give their consent for storing their personal data encrypted format. the platform informs the consumers about each request that was made companies their personal data. they can give their consent and allow the company access their data, not. case giving consent, the smart contract mediates the transaction secured and decentralized way. http://www.privacy-regulation.eu/en/article--definitions-gdpr.htm the given consent can demonstrated through the opiria smart contract which codifies into transaction every action its users and fully traceable through the blockchain. cases which consumers withdraw their consent decide erase their data will managed the smart contract, which would terminate access the specific data. security processing and pseudonymisation processing personal data has ensure high level security (art. including: pseudonymisation and encryption, confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience processing systems and services. the gdpr refers pseudonymization process that transforms personal data way that resulting data cannot attributed specific subject without the use additional information. example pseudonymisation encryption, which renders the original data unintelligible and the process cannot reversed without access the correct decryption key. the gdpr requires that the decryption key kept separately from the pseudonymised data. this fulfilled par excellence the opiria architecture and the smart contract. personal data being stored encrypted and only the consumer who the owner the data has the key for its decryption. the data and the key are stored different places, the data the opiria- platform and the key the device the data subject where the data was produced. when comes exchange, the smart contract mediates the transaction secure way, ensuring that only the company which the consumer gave consent able decrypt the data. personal data will never leave its source (the consumer) non-encrypted format. hence, not usable any third party, except with the consent the user and governed the opiria smart contract. overall, the integrity, availability and resilience the system ensured encrypted storage network distributed servers based peer-to-peer technology, blockchain based transactions, well the architecture the opiria- platform. right access, transparency and processing purpose the right access (art. gives consumers the right get access their personal data. additionally, they have the right know how and whom their personal data being processed (art. consumers can access their data any time. the opiria- platform offers interface where consumers can check and update their personal data. the opiria- platform requests from companies that want buy data the purpose for which the data will used well the envisaged period usage. the opiria- platform informs the consumers about purpose and usage when sending them offers. further on, consumers will know exactly what data they share (because they have give consent each data category) and with whom they share it. the smart contract ensures that only the data which consumers gave consent will made available the companies. right rectification, erasure and data portability the right rectification (art. gives consumers the possibility update and complete their personal data. the right forgotten (art. means that the consumers have the right request erasure their personal data. the opiria- platform supports the right rectification allowing the consumer view, change and update his personal data any time. the consumer can erase his personal data simply deleting under his account the opiria- platform. his private data keys will destroyed. this implies complete loss all corresponding data. additionally, the encrypted data will deleted from the platform. consumer's right portability (art. meaning the right receive the own personal data structured, commonly used format fulfilled the pdata platform's possibility locally show the consumer all his personal data that stored the platform. records processing activities the guideline requests art. that all transactions personal data shall documented, including the purposes the processing and the processed categories personal data. this given the blockchain, which the opiria smart contract creates record all transactions including the requested information. additionally, the code the opiria smart contract open and all data processing steps the platform are well documented. data protection design and default the principles stated art. request that data protection "designed" into the development business processes for products and services. also requires that privacy settings must set high level "default". opiria's trading personal data based the blockchain. blockchains were built function "trustless" environment which people can transact directly with one another without needing trust any middleman the ecosystem. based this basic principle the opiria- platform's architecture ensures the following: the consumer owns the personal data and has full control over it. personal data never leaves the consumer unencrypted format and only the consumer holds the key decrypt it. personal data can only transferred company with the consumer's consent. addition that the consumer knows exactly who gets the data and for what purpose. the trading personal data fully transparent and traceable the blockchain whereby the anonymity the trading parties completely protected. described above, the opiria-platform the enabler for secure, lawfulness, fair and transparent trading personal data based the blockchain which fully compliant the principles the gdpr. why personal data the oil the century the internet has made easier for businesses launch new products and services, but also easier waste time and money, and fail. the human imagination can launch endless new products and services. now, low entry barriers (children can build simple websites), increasingly interconnected world, and the rise outsourcing have led explosive proliferation new products and services, all competing for limited market share. the downside and bitter truth this development that all product innovations fail, which leads investment losses more than billion usd per year, pointed out gfk market research institute and harvard professor clayton christensen. the major reason for failure, according dr. ken hudson, that new product service does not excite customers and retailers" because companies misunderstand consumer needs and the problem that the product allegedly solving. why companies need personal data? the lesson that products and services must strive fuel the deepest human desires their target customers. additionally, companies need put the right advertising and sales strategy place. companies need know and understand their target customers, the best channels reach them, the right advertising messaging, and the right time offer and advertise the product service. the following figure shows this cycle which key for the success any the worldwide million companies. personal data drives this understand-design-advertise cycle, which why believe personal data the new oil the century. collecting and analyzing personal data the fuel that's increasing driving today's new economy. raw data needs collected, processed, and transported. are following similar principles years ago during the oil boom. one tries gather data from many sources possible order profit from them. typical approach analyze large number touchpoints and use the data obtained generate actionable forecasts and, result, derive new products and services. http://presse.serviceplan.de/uploads/tx_sppresse/.pdf https://www.bizjournals.com/bizjournals/how-to/marketing///why-so-many-new-products-failand-it-s-not-the.html https://www.bizjournals.com/bizjournals/how-to/marketing///why-so-many-new-products-failand-it-s-not-the.html figure: understand design advertise cycle forecasting collecting and analyzing personal data allows companies better forecast consumer behavior and trends, and thereby continually iterating better products. predictable changes purchasing power, travel habits, mobility preferences attitudes towards topics like fitness/wellness, health and environment allow companies come with, for example, new concepts for cars, novel travel types radically different hotel concepts. this allows companies better allocate their r&d budgets, including early stage efforts with new launch targets far years from now, where predictions are toughest. development companies spent trillion usd r&d which percent their total revenue without often knowing exactly how further develop optimize their products and services better meet their customer needs and requirements. data how customers actually use product service can feed right into the design next generation offering. companies hence achieve "targeted optimization" new products. mercedes benz research north america used opiria research platform track and understand how their customers are using the new mercedes app, which allows customers remotely control certain functions their own car, such starting the engine from inside warm home cold https://edisciplinas.usp.br/pluginfile.php//mod_resource/content//rd%.pdf http://bit.ly/njymqw winter morning. mercedes benz research measured for two weeks when, how and where customers were using the mercedes app. they also received daily feedback the form comments, pictures videos. this allows mercedes make just the right changes and adjustments well integrate exactly the right new features that customers want. customer contact collecting and analyzing personal data allows companies better understand and target specific customers. for example what customer's preferred medium access the internet (smartphone, tablet, laptop, pc)? what time the internet accessed? what their shopping history? what kinds products and services were purchased and what the purchasing power the company's target customer group? this information allows companies better understand and segment customers and contact them very specifically with the right message, via the right channel the right time. today worldwide spending advertising almost billion usd. better understanding the customer the same amount spending can get better results, lower spending can get the same results. companies win either way. conclusion personal data from and about customers give companies huge competitive advantage. companies that better understand their customers can build smarter products and services that much better meet customers' deepest human desires. the result fewer failed products and money savings from fewer failed investments. another benefit more optimal allocation company r&d budgets. personal data also allows companies optimize their customer contact. better understanding their target customers enables them contact them with the right message, via the right channel, with the right pricing the right time. this improves the customer experience, brand reputation, and reduces spending advertising dramatically. summary, collecting and analyzing personal data allows companies increase their market share whilst improving profit margins. this why personal data the oil the century! https://www.statista.com/statistics//global-advertising-forecast/ the market data brokerage data brokers are collecting, analyzing, cross-referencing, packaging and storing consumers' most sensitive personal data and selling commodity each other, advertisers, even the government, often without our direct knowledge. the data brokering industry generated billion revenue that's twice the size the entire intelligence budget the united states government. the revenue the data brokerage industry was already billion-a-year industry and constantly growing according jason morris and lavandera from cnn. companies like acxiom, corelogic datalogix have, average, data points per person extremely detailed information about every single household. gartner estimates there may data brokers worldwide, constantly collecting consumer data without their knowledge and permission. the following table sourced from ftc's report "data brokers call for transparency and accountability" provides snapshot the main categories data broker clients product type and industry sector. direct online marketing identity fraud marketing marketing analytics verification detection alternative payment people search provider attorneys investigators automotive industry consumer packaged data brokers educational institutions energy/utilities goods manufacturers http://www.cnn.com////tech/web/big-data-acxiom/index.html http://www.gartner.com/smarterwithgartner/how-to-choose-a-data-broker/ https://www.ftc.gov/system/files/documents/reports/data-brokers-call-transparency-accountability-report-federal-tra de-commission-may-/databrokerreport.pdf government entities hospitality/travel/ entertainment individual consumers insurance companies lenders/financial services firms marketing/advertising firms media non-profit entities/ political campaigns pharmaceutical firms real estate services retail companies technology companies telecom companies market research market research any organized effort gather information about target markets customers determine whether particular product/service will satisfy the needs its customers. market research provides important information identify and analyze market and consumer needs well market size and competition. the annual global revenue market research companies increased from billion usd billion usd the market research sector will keep growing and become increasingly important with the economy becoming more and more competitive with each passing day, having knowledge about the concerns and preferences customers has become integral for any company. https://www.statista.com/statistics//global-revenue-of-market-research-companies/ competitive landscape data brokerage acxiom provides consumer data and analytics for marketing campaigns and fraud detection. its databases contain personal data about million consumers worldwide with over data segments for nearly every u.s. consumer. corelogic provides data and analytic services companies and government based primarily property information, well consumer and financial information. its databases include over million historical property transactions, over ninety-three million mortgage applications, and property-specific data covering over ninety-nine percent u.s. residential properties, total exceeding million records. datalogix provides companies with marketing data almost every u.s. household and more than one trillion dollars consumer transactions. september facebook announced partnership with datalogix measure how often facebook's one billion users see product advertised the social site and then complete the purchase brick and mortar retail store. ebureau provides predictive scoring and analytics services for marketers, financial services companies, online retailers, and others. ebureau primarily offers products that predict whether someone likely become profitable customer whether transaction likely conclude fraud. provides clients with information drawn from billions consumer records, adding over three billion new records each month. analytics provides analytics services designed principally verify people's identities determine whether transaction likely fraudulent. the analytics network includes hundreds billions aggregated data points, billion unique identity elements, and covers billion consumer transactions. intelius provides companies and consumers with background check and public record information. its databases contain more than twenty billion records. peekyou has patented technology that analyzes content from over sixty social media sites, news sources, homepages, and blog platforms provide clients with detailed consumer profiles. rapleaf data aggregator that has least one data point associated with over eighty percent all u.s. consumer email addresses. rapleaf supplements email lists with the email address owner's age, gender, marital status, and thirty other data points. recorded future captures historical data consumers and companies across the internet and uses that information predict the future behavior those consumers and companies. may recorded future had access information from over different open internet sites. market research the nielsen corporation global marketing research firm, with worldwide headquarters new york city, united states. the company gives marketers reliable and objective information the impact marketing and sales programs. acnielsen began expanding internationally and now operates more than countries. kantar the data investment management division wpp,and one the world's largest insight, information and consultancy groups. was founded and consists network specialized operating brands, with around employees working countries various research, insight and consultancy disciplines. its global headquarters are london, uk. quintiles ims holdings, inc. branded quintilesims american multinational company serving the combined industries health information technologies and clinical research. quintilesims the world's largest contract research organization ranked reported service revenues, and focused primarily phase ii-iv clinical trials and associated laboratory and analytical services. ipsos group s.a. global market research and consulting firm with worldwide headquarters paris, france. since the group has created acquired numerous companies throughout the world. october ipsos acquires synovate, resulting newly combined ipsos organization that ranks the world's third largest research agency. ipsos has offices countries, employing people. gfk established gesellschaft fur konsumforschung (society for consumer research) germany's largest market research institute, and the fourth largest market research organisation the world. iri american market research company which provides clients with consumer, shopper, and retail market intelligence and analysis focused the consumer packaged goods (cpg) industry. iri's clients include percent the fortune global cpg, retail and healthcare companies. the firm operates countries. westat employee-owned statistical survey research corporation rockville, maryland, usa, providing research services agencies the u.s. government, well companies, foundations, and state and local governments. westat conducts studies health conditions and expenditures, academic achievement and literacy, medical treatments and outcomes, exposure assessments, program evaluation, information management and communications solutions, and respondent knowledge, attitudes, and behaviors. intage holdings inc provider marketing research and consulting services. the market research and consulting segment engaged marketing research operations, including customer panel research, retail shop panel research and other research activities; customized research services, including internet research, mail survey, visiting interview survey and qualitative research, well the provision related consulting services. march the company had subsidiaries and one associated company. comscore american media measurement and analytics company providing marketing data and analytics enterprises, media and advertising agencies, and publishers. comscore maintains group users who have monitoring software (with brands including permissionresearch, opinionsquare and voicefive networks) installed their computers.in exchange for joining the comscore research panels, users are presented with various benefits, including computer security software, internet data storage, virus scanning and chances win cash prizes. the npd group, inc. market research company. the npd group operates countries, interviews million consumers year, and monitors consumer purchase data from over stores. npd also provides service called vip voice that allows consumers complete surveys about the products and services that they use. token mechanism token generation event (tge) token generation event way for companies raise capital issuing their own cryptocurrency, which usually used company's platform. you can read fortune "renowned venture capitalists like chris dixon andreessen horowitz and fred wilson union square ventures now tout tges new form corporate financing." "in the second quarter [of tge issuance was greater than venture capital, with million [invested tges] versus million [invested into startups vcs]. expect that transition continue; it's why we're doing what we're doing." from techcrunch. token generation events can considered alternative form fundraising that has emerged outside the traditional financial system. this model has helped lot successful projects and companies get the funding required start their business. however, tges have nothing all with initial public offering (ipo) which shares are being sold the public. how tge tokens are traded once the tge completed and the project launched, the tge tokens can get listed cryptocurrency exchanges trade against other cryptocurrencies. the price usually reflects the overall cryptocurrency market sentiment, project-specific news, and the addition new features. the opiria token generation event (tge) opiria will crowdsale its pdata token are doing token generation event (tge) for pdata tokens (see details chapter token generation event (tge) structure this will probably the first "personal data" token generation event. each pdata token will used form payment, order buy personal data from consumers. http://fortune.com////ico-initial-coin-offering-investing/ https://techcrunch.com////while-investment-firms-ponder-icos-this-team-is-barreling-ahead-with-a--million-ico-fund/ the tge vital component bring the opiria personal data database fruition, enabling build ecosystem while also motivating consumers provide their personal data the database. the database will play key role developing central marketplace where companies can buy personal data directly from consumers without any middlemen. pdata tokens radically change the current opaque and uncontrollable ecosystem which personal data stolen from unprotected consumers without compensating them. pdata token turns this into fully transparent, open marketplace, without any middlemen for the secure trading personal data, which puts consumers control and fully protects their data privacy combination with proper compensation for their personal data. the ethereum blockchain ethereum open-source, public, blockchain-based distributed computing platform featuring smart contract (scripting) functionality, which facilitates online contractual agreements. provides decentralized turnkey-complete virtual machine, the ethereum virtual machine (evm), which can execute scripts using international network public nodes. using this architecture, pdata tokens can earned providing personal data the database. conversely, companies can use the token buy personal data from consumers the database. the utility the token based distributed decentralized consumer submitted personal data. are building the first blockchain based marketplace for the secure trading personal data, where companies can buy personal data directly from consumers without any middlemen. why this important? having personal data from consumers key for companies worldwide make informed decisions. currently data brokers are stealing this personal data without consumer permission and selling commodity. this dramatically harming consumer's data privacy. are therefore building the largest database personal data where companies can directly access consumers' personal data without any middlemen. thereby are building almost direct line between consumers and companies, with high level security and trust. https://www.ethereum.org/ utility the pdata token pdata token provides utility for both the companies and the consumers. companies need pdata tokens order purchase personal data from consumers respectively send them surveys. consumers earn pdata tokens selling their personal data and participating surveys. owning pdata tokens increases the likelihood for consumer receive "personal data request" from company earlier than other consumers that own less pdata tokens. this gives consumers with more pdata tokens average small time advantage sell their data companies. table: utility pdata token utility for companies utility for consumers buy consumer's personal data from the database with pdata receive pdata tokens for selling personal data tokens surveys spend pdata tokens send surveys consumers and receive specific personal data receive pdata tokens for participating holding pdata tokens increases likelihood for receiving "personal data request" from companies leadership our core team members have proven track records entrepreneurial and technical skills and speak multiple languages. the other team members have expertise multiple areas including entrepreneurship, technology, business development, and sales and marketing. addition, all members have prior experience either founding working for startup companies. core team dr.-ing. christian lange founder ceo christian has strong scientific and engineering background. obtained master's science (mechanical engineering) and ph.d. human factors and ergonomics. both his masters science and his ph.d. human factors and ergonomics come from the technical university munich. his scientific career has led publications, talks international conferences and patents. obtained the prestigious stroebl prize, from the bavarian dept. the interior, for his important work autonomous driving and traffic safety. was also head the task force for iso "measurement driver visual behaviour with respect transport information and control systems" globally accepted standard which used worldwide from all automotive oems and tier suppliers well universities and research institutes. christian has proven track record entrepreneurship. founded ergoneers gmbh. ergoneers gmbh initially started sole eye tracking company manufacturing eye tracking hardware and related software. over the years the software side became increasingly important and turned into complete data acquisition and analysis platform, called d-lab, aimed towards the objective analysis human behavior, supporting many different sensors and inputs (e.g. eye tracking, physiology, video, audio, ethernet, can, motion capturing). d-lab became industry standard the automotive industry including almost all automotive oems (e.g. audi, bmw, concern, opel, porsche, general motors, ford, chrysler, hyundai, psa, jaguar land rover, volvo, nissan, toyota, honda, and others), truck oems (e.g. freightliner, man, paccar, volvo trucks) and tier suppliers (e.g. siemens, bosch, continental, takata, fujitsu, honeywell, garmin and others). besides that, d-lab used from universities and research institutes worldwide (e.g. nasa, army, fraunhofer institute, mit, stanford, tum, university cambridge, nhtsa and many others) and lots fortune companies (e.g. microsoft, intel, google, apple, nokia, samsung, p&g, nestle). all together d-lab has customers worldwide. also grew worldwide sales partner network with sales partners more than different countries (including china, japan, south korea, singapore, malaysia, taiwan, australia, south africa, uk, france, italy, switzerland, spain, sweden, usa, canada, brazil, chile, saudi arabia, israel, turkey). restructured the company support the international growth. founded ergoneers north america inc. better serve the market and ergoneers international holding gmbh, the overarching body with its subsidiaries ergoneers gmbh and ergoneers north america inc. was founder and ceo and boot-strapped ergoneers group from million revenue without any equity investment. exited ergoneers group. mihai dumitrescu cto mihai obtained bachelors' degree from johannes honterus romania and master's science computer science from friedrich alexander universitat erlangen-nurnberg. his specialties include high- performance scalable software architecture algorithms, computer vision, machine learning, blockchain, deep neural networks, systems and algorithms and enterprise content management. mihai the founder, ceo and cto rosoftlab since which research and development firm computer vision, augmented reality, machine learning and related mobile and web apps. its services are used clients germany, switzerland, usa and many other countries. employing more than people, rosoftlab counts among its clients audi ag, wacker neuson, leading manufacturer construction site equipment and migros, the largest retailer switzerland. mihai's early experience includes working senior software engineer c.a.r.u.s. srl. being responsible for software architecture and database design for the development erp system. marlene lange co-founder cpo marlene obtained master's computer science from the friedrich alexander universitat erlangen-nurnberg. her specialties include scalable software architecture, database design, computer vision, requirement engineering and management international software teams. she has proven track record managing the software development department companies with internationally successful software products. her early experience includes working software developer and requirement manager siemens healthcare division being responsible for software architecture and machine vision algorithms for siemens mammography solutions. marlene joined ergoneers gmbh its early startup days. she was head the software development department from until during that time, she managed internal team software developers and testers well several offshore software service suppliers. under the responsibility marlene, the software product d-lab, grew into internationally successful complete data acquisition and analysis platform with customers. marlene was born and grew romania and later moved germany. opiria software development team the opiria software development team consists the following nine full time developers. toma corbu marius balaban vlad blana software architect frontend developer algorithm developer paul olteanu gabriel tisca dorin danilov frontend development android developer ios developer sorin balae denis gandzii razvan tautu testing frontend developer user interface, design board advisors ismail malik founder ceo blockchainlab ismail malik, self stated 'social engineer and renegade', the editor chief the world's first and foremost publication initial coin offerings, has over years experience technology related startups and entrepreneurship and among the leading experts blockchain. ismail the founder and ceo the world's first blockchain lab, was innovator the deployment smart ledgers and smart contracts and the supplychain blockchains consultant for chainx. was also the cofounder the credits protocol and director the ideaslab for college space which created learning hub between cambridge and london. decentralized tech lab for space and noise intensive applications. dr.-ing. wolfram remlinger r&d audi dr. remlinger obtained master's mechanical engineering and automotive engineering from the rwth aachen university, concluding with phd the department ergonomics within the munich university technology. has been working the technical development department audi ltd. for years now, specializing the field vehicle-ergonomics and hmi (human machine interface) concept development experience. wolfram has developed patents and published papers the fields ergonomics, hmi, and user experience. addition, held various teaching positions lecturer human machine interface and vehicle ergonomics universities such the regensburg university technology, the rosenheim university and ingolstadt university technology. shane mcquillan ceo trusted trading shane mcquillan entrepreneur, founder, author, digital strategist, seo and social media strategist, manager and thought leader based asia with global footprint. shane mcquillan the founder and ceo trusted trading, next generation social media platform and blockchain initiative for the financial sector. trusted trading looks decrease the ability fraudsters within financial sector while enabling greater transparency for professionals well providing full suite services and products for all members the financial crypto community, from the hedge fund manager the sme the digital offering. has been working and consulting for the last ten years with companies such as: shane has worked with the following companies: saxo bank: senior sales trader moneymailme: online strategy and seo ztudium: seo, online strategy and business development capricorn strategies: social marketing, online strategy, business development beat wall street: social marketing, online strategy, business development humaniq; chief digital officer evident proof: strategy advisor for digital offering current media: strategy advisor for digital offering corl financial technologies: strategy advisor for digital offeringomnisparx omnisparx: strategy advisor for digital offering modex: strategy advisor for digital offering ramp: cso trustedin trading: ceo daciana octavia sarbu member the european parliament member the european parliament (mep) since with years experience politics. before going into politics, daciana studied law the west university timisoara, where she earned her master's degree commercial law. she has been member committees, delegations and special committees, and served substitute committees and delegations. daciana also held three vice-chair positions during her time mep: delegation for relations with the countries the andean community (.. ..), committee the environment, public health and food safety (.. ..), and the committee the environment, public health and food safety (.. present). daciana sarbu has been long-time supporter environmental issues her co-authored proposal regarding the general ban cyanide mining technologies within the was adopted large majority the european parliament and she has supported the protection the danube delta since her early days office. further interests lie with the promotion organic and traditional agricultural products, well patients' rights (co-hosted the european cancer patient's bill rights), and especially children's health (asked the european commission draft child health strategy, based prevention and nutrition principles). sam lee director research strategic coin sam the director research strategic coin, where developing new standard for the way information reported and disseminated the cryptocurrency market. has extensive background the debt and equity markets, and his prior experience includes the portfolio management group the lehman estate, where was involved restructuring, valuing, and liquidating the estate's billion distressed loan and equity assets. has also worked investment and research analyst for billion global long-short equity fund. sam holds mba from columbia university and received b.s. finance and accounting from new york university. pavel kapelnikov principal chelsea holdings company pavel serial entrepreneur and angel investor, serving the board directors several successful startups and has been part several successful exits. expert transportation and logistics industries with over decade senior management experience including top executive roles several enterprises. currently holds interests companies insurance, data center, transportation, software development and other industries. pavel also active the blockchain space actively advising various projects different stages development well token generation events. florin mihoc tech executive columbia business school florin startup co-founder and advisor dozen startups and program. was senior postdoc fulbright fellow, and scholar columbia business school nyc for several years. serves mentor startupbootcamp (sbc) fintech program nyc, where helped build the program, and advised dozens teams on: strategic partnerships, international scaling, capital raise, business development and media strategy. with background fortune biz dev, sales, strategic account management roles and m&a advisory, holds phd international marketing, and strategic (global) account management. florin multicultural and multilingual, native cee who lived and traveled the us. most recently joined the advisory board sxsw tech festival, the largest its kind the world and actively involved several successful blockchain/crypto companies. michael mazier co-founder lendingcalc michael fintech executive and entrepreneur with multi-disciplinary expertise financial markets and technology. has years experience investment manager, bond trader and trading systems manager; and pre-wall street experience aerospace engineering and artificial intelligence research. currently advisor blockchain applications and crowdsource crypto-token sales, and cofounder lendingcalc, peer-to-peer marketplace lending analytics firm. previously was chief quantitative strategist van eck global, where managed more than billion bond and commodity assets, and advised hedge fund manager selection. was also fixed income research analyst and developer/manager morgan stanley, head fixed income funds research bank america/merrill lynch and product manager citibank. began his career electrical engineer, designing hardware and software for communication satellites aerospace. michael has mba from columbia business school, electrical engineering from villanova university and electrical engineering from syracuse university. angel colon advisor factury inc. angel seasoned financial professional nyc with over years proven expertise negotiating and marketing financial products, risk management, and fixed income and equity securities transactions. co-founder public offering corp., the engine behind banq, the electronic trading and financing platform. angel received his bachelors science international business from st. john fisher college while attending richmond college london, leiden university the netherlands, and the university salzburg austria. anthony georgiades partner innovating capital anthony partner innovating capital, leading technology fund based out new york where focuses primarily early-stage investments blockchain. the past, has worked with first round capital, early-stage venture capital firm, and was product manager cosy robotics. has deep technical expertise and domain knowledge across cybersecurity, big data, and financial technologies. was early investor and developer for the golem network, decentralized sharing economy for computing power built ethereum based transaction system. holds m.s. degrees computer science and robotics from the university pennsylvania, well b.s. from wharton. legal counsel baumgartner machler attorneys-at-law attorneys baumgartner machler are opiria's corporate and commercial law consultants. the swiss-based firm specialized various aspects law and especially commercial law, where they advise the preparation, negotiation and implementation most different transactions, well the drafting all corresponding legal documentation (in particular purchase/sale contracts, trade agreements, distribution contracts, agency agreements, factoring agreements and service contracts). canzler bergmeier canzler bergmeier opiria's lawyer. canzler bergmeier was founded more than years ago. today, it's one the largest patent law firms northern bavaria. since they are one the few law firms germany with iso certification, three areas (iso quality management, iso environmental management and iso security). this ensures transparency, reliable service quality and outstanding level information security for their clients. dr. lugert dr. mueller dr. mueller opiria's notary. dr. mueller specialized the formation companies, the acquisition and sale business stakes companies, structural changes such capital measures changes the constitution company transformations and company successions. etl etl opiria's tax consultancy firm. germany the etl-group has over offices and represented worldwide over countries. the domain tax consultancy, etl the market leader nationally and counts among the top auditing and tax consultancy firms germany with revenue about over mil. euro. more than employees working germany for over clients including more than tax consultants, lawyers, accountants, management consultants and financial service providers. token generation event (tge) structure how will the pdata tokens priced? will create roughly million pdata tokens. one pdata token will worth usd cents). the price eth will adjusted daily reflect the value usd. what the tge time and bonus schedule? private sale the private sale with contributions minimum usd will take place until the public sale begins. public pre-sale the public pre-sale tge starting date april th, gmt and will end june th, gmt. during the pre-sale period the minimum contribution usd and the bonus the pre-sale will have hidden cap. the hidden cap triggered, sales will stop and the main sale will begin hours. the reach the hidden cap will announced the website, the pdata telegram channel well all other social media channels. public sale (tge) the public sale will start june th, gmt and will end july th, gmt. during day the public sale period, the bonus will each day the bonus will down minimum the last days the public sale there will more bonus. during the first hours the public sale the following individual cap will apply: maximum contribution eth. after the first hours the public sale the individual cap will removed. the target raise for private sale, pre-sale and main sale usd million. the community interest high and the target raise reached latest day five the main sale, then the total cap will increase with usd million usd million allow more contributors participate and create bigger and stronger community. what cryptocurrencies will you accept during the tge? during private sale eth, btc, xrp are accepted. all btc, xrp participants need also provide eth wallet address receive the pdata tokens. the pre-sale and main sale periods only ethereum (eth) payments will accepted via smart contract. who able contribute? most countries residents can freely contribute token generation events (tges), however, some countries have set laws and regulations that restrict access. specifically, the citizens and residents of: usa, canada, china, afghanistan, bosnia and herzegovina, guyana, iraq, laos, syria, libya, uganda, vanuatu, yemen, iran, democratic people's republic korea, myanmar, ethiopia, myanmar are unable participate our tge due country-specific restrictions. operate within the eu, must abide certain regulations specifically, require our contributors pass know your customer (kyc) and anti money laundering (aml) procedure before they can whitelisted. the procedure will found our website www.opiria.io when will pdata tokens distributed contributors and unlocked? the main tokens corresponding the contribution amount will distributed immediately after contribution opiria's smart contract. these pdata tokens will get tradable days after the tge. the bonus tokens will unlocked days after the main tokens get tradable. therefore the bonus tokens will distributed the moment they get unlocked, days after the main tokens become tradable. how will the pdata tokens distributed? the following how the coins are roughly going distributed: issued: the coins will issued for the tge development fund: will used for data purchase and community development company/team: advisors: bounty: (from tokens for sale) how will the team's used? them will available months after they become available for the public them will locked for another months them will locked for another months them will locked for another months lock them because want demonstrate that are this for the long run and that the team's incentives are aligned with the token holder's interest. use funds the company will use the tge proceeds primarily for the development and the global expansion the platform. the key expenses met with the funds collected are given below: opiria platform development: technical development the platform opiria platform global expansion: enter new markets, found local subsidiaries, acquire existing local companies grow consumer database: acquisition panel companies, initial compensation for signing up, marketing activities figure: use funds roadmaps global expansion roadmap the business plan assumes the expansion the opiria platform the strongest countries the field consumer research, having more than customers and consumer pool million individuals providing personal data the platform figure:global expansion roadmap development roadmap platform, opiria has activated the personal data business since offering innovative real-time market research services, comprehensive visualizations, data aggregation solutions and meaningful statistics several markets around the world. this brief overview the history opiria, leading the token generation event: jul. founded opiria company dec. launch opiria platform apr. pdata token generation event planned milestones for the development the personal data acquisition modules for different kinds personal data: timeline milestone opiria including eye-tracking, emotion detection and web-surveys modules extended consumer profile module web browsing behavior and online purchases module social media module smartphone/mobile device usage module wearables and smart devices module pc/laptop usage module planned milestones for the development the blockchain related part the opiria platform and direct integration with the blockchain: timeline milestone may functionality compensate consumers with pdata tokens mvp (minimum viable product) development the blockchain based opiria platform launch the blockchain based platform disclaimer risks and disclosures disclaimer and main risks please read this disclaimer notice carefully. please note that the disclaimer set out below may altered updated, any time whole part the sole discretion the company. you should read full each time you visit the site. all information provided without any warranties any kind and the company. and its advisors make representations and disclaim all express and implied warranties and conditions any kind, including, without limitation, representations, warranties conditions regarding accuracy, timeliness, completeness, non-infringement, suitability the tokens for any prospective contributor, and the company and its employees, officers professional advisors assume responsibility you any third party for the consequence errors omissions. regulatory risks the regulatory status cryptographic tokens, digital assets and blockchain technology unclear unsettled many jurisdictions, herein included also the cayman island jurisdiction. difficult predict how whether governmental authorities will regulate such technologies what tax implications could arise for the holders the pdata tokens. likewise difficult predict how whether any governmental authority may make changes existing laws, regulations and/or rules that will affect cryptographic tokens, digital assets, blockchain technology and its applications. such changes could negatively impact pdata tokens various ways, including, for example, through determination that pdata tokens are regulated financial instruments that require registration. company may cease the distribution pdata tokens, the development the project cease operations jurisdiction the event that governmental actions make unlawful commercially undesirable continue so. the industry which company operates new, and may subject heightened oversight and scrutiny, including investigations enforcement actions. there can assurance that governmental authorities will not examine the operations company and/or pursue enforcement actions against company. such governmental activities may may not the result targeting company particular. all this may subject company judgments, settlements, fines penalties, cause company restructure its operations and activities cease offering certain products services, all which could harm company's reputation lead higher operational costs, which may turn have material adverse effect the pdata tokens and/or the development the project. restricted territories viewing the materials available hereafter may not lawful certain jurisdictions. other jurisdictions, only certain categories person may allowed view such materials. any person who wishes view these materials must first satisfy themselves that they are not subject any local requirements that prohibit restrict them from doing so. the materials are for information purposes only and not constitute form part any offer invitation sell issue, solicitation any offer, purchase subscribe for the tokens any jurisdiction jurisdictions which such offers sales are unlawful prior registration qualification under the securities laws any such jurisdiction (restricted territories). accordingly, unless exemption under the relevant securities law applicable, the tokens may not offered, sold, pledged, taken up, exercised, resold, renounced, transferred delivered, directly indirectly, into restricted territory where would constitute violation the relevant laws of, require registration thereof in, such jurisdiction. there will public offering the tokens the restricted territories. you are not permitted view materials this webpage are any doubt whether you are permitted view these materials, please exit this webpage. the company shall not have any responsibility respect access from territories whose laws prohibit such access where any aspect the content the site may illegal. those who choose access this site from other locations their own initiative and their own risk, and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. currency regulation risks governments are still grappling with public policy the regulation cryptocurrencies form settlement trade. governments adverse the proliferation the use crypto -currencies local commerce could issue laws and regulations deeming the use crypto-currencies regulated activity. recent weeks, countries such china and korea have issued regulations statements prohibiting token sales, united states allowing only certified investors participate the sale while other countries have sought bring the sale tokens within the regulator control securities offerings. this could result holders pdata token being unable use their pdata token the future without further regulatory compliance pdata token. risks associated with use pdata token network use crypto-currency exchanges can complex and subject stringent qualification requirements. there guarantee that the developers will able successfully create system that allows payment for services using global crypto-currencies. the failure establish network will result decreased liquidity the pdata token form settlement currency within the pdata token network. risks associated with crowd sale pdata tokens are not investment products. rather ,pdata token serve specific function within the opiria platform software and pdata ecosystem, which the means access and purchase active energy lower cost. without pdata token, the general public may not access the pdata token system. there also expectation future profit gain from the acquisition pdata token. for these and other reasons, believe the sale pdata token does not constitute public offering securities subject prospectus registration requirements. however, public policy towards token sales changing, and conceivable that regulators may the future seek broaden the scope regulation token sales. this could make token sales subject registration requirements the united states and similar jurisdictions. the pdata token sale becomes subject registration requirements, this would delay potentially postpone the proposed pdata token sale indefinitely. taxation risks the use pdata token form settlement currency may may not subject local income tax, capital gain taxes, vat other forms taxes. this uncertainty tax legislation may expose merchants and customers alike unforeseen future tax consequences associated with the use pdata token coin settlement currency, and/or the trading tokens pdata token for capital gains. capital control risks many jurisdictions, such china impose strict controls the cross-border flow capital. holders pdata token may subject these regulations and/or arbitrary enforcement such regulations any time. this would make the transfer pdata token out the local jurisdiction overseas exchanges unlawful activity exposing the user pdata token government fines other regulatory sanction. ctf and anti-money laundering regulations the united states has issued series regulations combat terrorist financing (ctf) and money-laundering activities. many other countries have enacted similar legislation control the flow capital for such illicit activities. the use crypto-currencies bad actors would breach such regulations. any illicit use the pdata token could seriously impact the global reputation the pdata network. such event, not inconceivable that this could trigger scrutiny ctf and anti-money laundering regulators and potentially cause significant disruption the distribution and circulation tokens and pdata token the pdata token ecosystem. blockchain risks the ethereum blockchain, timing block production determined proof work block production can occur random times. for example, eth contributed the pdata token distribution contract the final seconds distribution period may not get included for that period. buyer acknowledges and understands that the ethereum blockchain may not include the buyer's transaction the time buyer expects and buyer may not receive pdata token the same day buyer sends eth. the ethereum blockchain prone periodic congestion during which transactions can delayed lost. individuals may also intentionally spam the ethereum network attempt gain advantage purchasing cryptographic tokens. buyer acknowledges and understands that ethereum block producers may not include buyer's transaction when buyer wants buyer's transaction may not included all. pdata token may subject expropriation and or/theft. hackers other malicious groups organizations may attempt interfere with the pdata token distribution contract the pdata token variety ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks, denial service attacks, consensus-based attacks, sybil attacks, smurfing and spoofing. furthermore, because the ethereum platform rests open source software and pdata token are based open source software, there the risk that ethereum smart contracts may contain intentional unintentional bugs weaknesses which may negatively affect the pdata token result the loss buyer's pdata token, the loss buyer's ability access control buyer's pdata token the loss eth buyer's account. the event such software bug weakness, there may remedy and holders pdata token are not guaranteed any remedy, refund compensation. the project and all the matters set forth the white paper are new and untested. the project might not capable completion, implementation adoption. possible that blockchain utilizing the project will ever launched and there may never operational platform. even the project completed, implemented and adopted, might not function intended, and any tokens associated with blockchain adopting the project may not have functionality that desirable valuable. also, technology changing rapidly, the pdata token and the project may become outdated. the regulatory status cryptographic tokens, digital assets and blockchain technology unclear unsettled many jurisdictions. difficult predict how whether governmental authorities will regulate such technologies. likewise difficult predict how whether any governmental authority may make changes existing laws, regulations and/or rules that will affect cryptographic tokens, digital assets, blockchain technology and its applications. such changes could negatively impact pdata token various ways, including, for example, through determination that pdata token are regulated financial instruments that require registration. company may cease the distribution pdata token, the development the project cease operations jurisdiction the event that governmental actions make unlawful commercially undesirable continue so. buyer knowledge and risks project buyer has sufficient knowledge and experience business and financial matters, including sufficient understanding blockchain cryptographic tokens and other digital assets, smart contracts, storage mechanisms (such digital token wallets), blockchain-based software systems and blockchain technology, able evaluate the risks and merits buyer's purchase pdata tokens, including but not limited, the matters set forth this agreement, and able bear the risks thereof, including loss all amounts paid, loss pdata tokens, and liability the company parties and others for its acts and omissions. buyer has obtained sufficient information order make informed decision purchase pdata tokens. the project and all the matters set forth the white paper are new and untested. the project might not capable completion, implementation adoption. possible that blockchain utilizing the project will ever launched and there may never operational platform. even the project completed, implemented and adopted, might not function intended, and any tokens associated with blockchain adopting the project may not have functionality that desirable valuable. also, technology changing rapidly, the pdata tokens and the project may become outdated. business risks the company plans conduct closings sales pdata token funds are received. less than usd received from the sale pdata token, the company may have insufficient cash implement its plans described below, and pdata token purchasers who bought the tokens shall heightened risk loss their contributions. the company's principal competitors may have greater financial resources than those available the company and thus better position attract talent, initiate projects and offer lower prices for electricity which crucial factor for miners bitcoin. the company's ability remain competitive may depend part upon its ability develop new and enhanced products services and introduce these products services timely and cost-effective manner. addition, product and service introductions enhancements the company's competitors the use other technologies could cause decline sales loss market acceptance the company's existing products and services. there can assurances that the company shall successful selecting, developing, and marketing new products and services enhancing its existing products services. failure successfully may adversely affect the company's business, financial condition and results operations. the company's ability realize its objectives shall dependent its ability attract and retain additional, qualified personnel. competition for such personnel can intense, and there can assurance that the company's results shall not adversely affected difficulty attracting and/or retaining qualified personnel. the industry which company operates new, and may subject heightened oversight and scrutiny, including investigations enforcement actions. there can assurance that governmental authorities will not examine the operations company and/or pursue enforcement actions against company. such governmental activities may may not the result targeting company particular. all this may subject company judgments, settlements, fines penalties, cause company restructure its operations and activities cease offering certain products services, all which could harm company's reputation lead higher operational costs, which may turn have material adverse effect the pdata token and/or the development the project. further on, any transaction concluded based this whitepaper shall considered random agreement, meaning that the length and even the enforceability the rights provided herein not known/entirely know the moment its signing, given that the main rights and obligations this agreement depend one several future events and therefore any the signing party bear the risk winning losing depending such future events. forward-looking statements the company makes warranty whatsoever with respect the tokens, including any: (i) warranty merchantability; (ii) warranty fitness for particular purpose; (iii) warranty title, (iv) warranty against infringement intellectual property rights third party; whether arising law, course dealing, course performance, usage trade, otherwise. except expressly set forth herein, recipient acknowledges that has not relied upon any representation warranty made the company, any other person the company`s behalf. this information contains forward-looking statements that are not historical facts, but relate its intentions, beliefs, expectations predictions for future events. some cases, the company uses the words "aim", "anticipate", "believe", "consider", "continue", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "potential", "predict", "project", "purpose", "seek", "shall", "should", "will", "would" and similar expressions statements identify forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements include, without limitations, statements relating to: our business strategies and plan operations; our capital expenditure and funding plans; general economic conditions; the trends industry and technology, notably about blockchain and cryptocurrency industry developments; our group`s financial conditions; margins, overall market trends, risk management and exchange rates; other statements that are not historical fact. these forward-looking statements are subject risks, uncertainties and assumptions, some which are beyond the control the company. addition, these forward-looking statements reflect the current views the company with respect future events and are not guarantee future performance. additional factors that could cause actual performance achievements differ materially include, but are not limited those discussed under this white paper. these forward-looking statements are based current plans and estimates and speak only the date they are made. the company makes undertaking update revise any forward-looking statement light new information, future events otherwise. forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties and are subject assumptions, some which are beyond the control the company. the company cautions you that number important factors could cause actual outcomes differ differ materially, from those expressed any forward-looking statements. due these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed this might not occur the way the company expects all. accordingly, you should not place undue reliance any forward-looking information/statement. all forward-looking statements contained this are qualifies reference these cautionary statements. know your customer (kyc) rules considering the anti-money-laundering and anti-terrorism national and international regulations, the company reserves the right develop and apply kyc rules and procedure before the sale pdata tokens, before the trade such pdata tokens and before during the execution any transactions the opiria-platform; likewise, depending the findings such rules and procedure when there exists reasonable doubt that certain participant/interested party involved money-laundering terrorism, the company reserves the right refuse its sole discretion transaction sale, trade pdata tokens any third party and also has the right refuse the access opiria platform and/or suspend such access any given moment. withdrawal right: while deciding enter and entering into any transaction based this whitepaper the buyer/interested party hereby informed and undertakes will not benefit from right withdrawal from the transaction and his decision entering into such transaction final and under circumstance shall given with withdrawal right.