optitoken: algorithmically traded hyperdeflationary cryptocurrency sean donato abstract ceo sean@optitoken.io most people have very hard time profiting when exchanging cryptocurrencies currencies general with goal achieving benefits differing currency values. this type currency exchange highly complicated due extreme volatility and abundant manipulation. newcomers with lot will and very few skills stand lose much value partaking such exchanging opposed just using one cryptocurrency that focuses price appreciation goal over time. many constantly chase the mob and follow the latest trends the hottest cryptocurrency when there are price spikes. this causes people exchange into cryptocurrency after the fact, opposed the golden rule buying low and selling high. algorithmically traded cryptocurrency, adopters optitoken gain the benefit utilizing medium payment that exposed trading through code developed with the strategies used traders portfolio established and manually selected cryptocurrencies. essentially, the algorithm takes advantage price swings among select group tokens, known "the basket," made variable number coin(s) deemed statistically categorically undervalued. they will also established and growth driven projects with high upside potential based several factors based past trends growth and/or market averages. will also take into account token supply and market capitalization. the project aims create profits from this ongoing series trades and infuse into the market(s) optitoken itself provide constant sporadic upward price pressure. the tokens purchased are then destroyed sending them unspendable address create ever growing scarcity the token supply and disallow the tokens from re-entering the ecosystem 'sell pressure.' the remaining optitokens will gain value each time this cycle occurs. disclaimer this whitepaper for information only and does not constitute offer any kind investment advice. elements this whitepaper may undergo significant changes the project further develops. please read the legal disclaimer the end this paper. further questions can addressed email info@optitoken.io snapshot diversity expertly curated and diversified portfolio cryptocurrencies used jetfuel single cryptocurrency def lationary manner. opti will traded least one major exchange. algorithmic trading exposure algori thm that has consistently outpaced tcoin. developed crunching data from the work experienced traders. will integrate machine learning. algorithm buy pressure crypto doesn't stop and neither will optitoken. constant, round the clock automatic trading identify trends order support the currency. every automatic buy cycle, portion the profits created will used buy optitoken the market thus providing upward price pressure. str ategic scarcity the tokens bought back will sent provably unspendable address that can verified transparently. optitoken will the first project use this strategy for the purpose raising value for adopters. will effect the first hyper-def lationary currency history. ansparency the portfolio will externally audited annual basis and needed maintain integrity for optitoken. all movements can tracked and verified using the blockchain. history algorithmic trading algorithmic trading method executing large order (too large fill all once) using automated pre-programmed trading instructions accounting for variables such time, price, and volume, send small slices the order technically called child orders out the market over time. they were developed that traders not need constantly watch stock and repeatedly send those slices out manually. popular "algos" include percentage volume, pegged, wap, twap, implementation shortfall target close. the past years, algo trading has been gaining traction with both retail and institutional traders. popular platforms for algorithmic trading include metatrader, ninjatrader, iqbroker and quantopian. algorithmic trading not attempt make trading profit. simply way minimize the cost, market impact and risk execution order. widely used investment banks, pension funds, mutual funds and hedge funds because these institutional traders need execute large orders markets that cannot support all the size once. the term also used mean automated trading system, which have the goal making profit. also known black box trading, these systems encompass trading strategies that are heavily reliant complex mathematical formulas and high-speed computer programs. such systems run strategies including market making, inter-market spreading, arbitrage, pure speculation such trend following. many fall into the category high-frequency trading (hft), which are characterized high turnover and high order-to-trade ratios. hft strategies utilize computers that make elaborate decisions initiate orders based information that received electronically, before human traders are capable processing the information they observe. algorithmic trading and hft have resulted dramatic change the market microstructure, particularly the way liquidity provided system architecture traditional trading system consists primarily two blocks one that receives the market data while the other that sends the order request the exchange. however, algorithmic trading system can broken down into three parts: exchange the server application traditional architecture algorithmic trading systems: exchange(s) provide data the system, which typically consists the latest order book, traded volumes, and last traded price (ltp) scrip. the server turn receives the data simultaneously acting store for historical database. the data analyzed the application side, where trading strategies are fed from the user and can viewed the gui. once the order generated, sent the order management system (oms), which turn transmits the exchange. gradually, old-school, high latency architecture algorithmic systems being replaced newer, state-of-the-art, high infrastructure, low-latency networks. with info from: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/algorithmic_trading#history the complex event processing engine (cep), which the heart decision making algo-based trading systems, used for order routing and risk management. with the emergence the fix (financial information exchange) protocol, the connection different destinations has become easier and the go-to market time has since reduced, when comes connecting with new destination. with the standard protocol place, integration third-party vendors for data feeds not cumbersome anymore problems solutions probl with tom ation the major problem date failure robust and consistent safety measures. for example, knight capital lost total million dollars when its stock trading automation accidentally sold all the stocks had bought few days prior. optitoken's theory prevention such events split the actively traded portfolio into smaller groups based different fail-safe measures and also different strategies. portion being left human trading and rebalancing. furthermore, optitoken seeks create customized solutions working with the exchange itself implement backup fail-safe measures and controls. problems with machine learning the major idea that spurs development implement machine learning based social network and media events. believe this fundamental flaw for several reasons. implementation the case more often than not that once event the "news" too late partake particular trend. the team's experience this very common, and chasing trends never shrewd trading strategy. however, one may still answer, what you programmed to"sell the news?" the problem here that any machine this day and age not sophisticated enough weigh the importance relevance any particular headline. would reckless try game this strategy contrary manner. with little regulation place now, headlines can manipulated too easily supply concrete data quantify execute actions for. not mention the presence propaganda social media accounts and social automations. automation set track increase the posting particular cash-tag such "$nmc" may adversely affected one individual acting many, through the implementation multiple fake accounts programmed promote said coin some public manner the social media platform. with info from: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/algorithmic_trading#history optitoken olu tions optitoken actively researching mechanisms peculiar the space and will eventually implement learning patterns and behavior based cryptocurrency metrics such mining, transaction volume, hashing power movements, mempools and more. believe these fundamental numbers tell the story true sentiment and can acted upon small sized trades "squeeze profit." believe that this type trading best when done only with small portion portfolio hedge against its inherent risk, yet still allows accumulation significant profit over time. indicators market controls the team has also developed variety indicators and actions identify potential downward and upward trends. the event downward trend indicators, portion portfolio may sold into fiat wait out either the occurrence non-occurrence event. the scenario non-occurrence, stop-orders may used that time re-enter the previous position fully, beyond partial extent. likewise becomes more efficient any point incorporate derivatives, the team may enact put new strategy vote with the community and project supporters. however, the latter vote- not required order execute such activities. the goal outpace bitcoin and other indexes while the same time enacting downside protections that some these projects are unable incorporate. broad market order optimize profits, there will times when the portfolio will partly parabolic moved into fiat, such euro japanese yen. this the team has identified moves many market indicators that can precursors price corrections, upward downward. the beginning the focus will hedging the downside, which can accomplished moving portion the portfolio into fiat and when these indicators occur. the main indicator chart the broader market that achieved extreme parabolic move short time frame. when these conditions are met, relatively small portion the portfolio will sold into fiat or, the future, may devoted toward other downside hedging instruments such options contracts, futures margin positions. the downside positions will set rebuy close upon further indicators, trend reversal or, the very least, discount previous positions. this strategy, along with other indicators that will depict more after hard launch, will all used create the most optimal price discovery and development for optitoken. token optitoken ($opti) ethereum erc token, which derives its value from underlying portfolio and the price support created through careful buy pressure induced buying opti token directly listed exchange(s) with the profits trading said portfolio. the tokens bought back are destroyed immediately afterwards creating scarcity. the trading the basket based simple algorithm that designed buy low and sell high, and uses the euro fiat instrument for stability when buy target available the time sell. tokens the basket were selected the founder and team based months experiments and success creating profits from similar but more primitive strategy. tokens the basket are not limited top market capitalization filter. the formula has been refined and will continue optimized moves forward. the picks that opti will focus are tokens with strong communities, sufficient volume, strong marketing presence, strategic partnerships and especially active open-source development their respective source codes. unique niche market coins that could considered have reasonable undervalued market capitalization are also part the strategy and special cases opti token can seek incorporate, small amount, cryptocurrencies investments not listed bitfinex. all the tokens the basket should have concrete and active development. portion the profits, start, created when selling exchanging the token when completing cycle will used buy optitoken available exchanges equal parts, thus providing upward price pressure. cycle would consist coins meeting certain criteria and than being sold into the next coin that meets buy criteria, assuming the two have pair. they don't, the trading balance will need turned into bitcoin ether exchanged into the optimal cryptocurrencies that meet buy criteria. tokens meet the buy criteria, then portion will sold into fiat, primarily euro, stabilize and consolidate gains. along with the prior, the profit balance from each successful cycle would split the following way: will toward rebuying the next targeted oversold coins basket order increase the portfolio's value. will towards buying opti coins order create upward pressure the price. will toward operating expenses. economics strongly believe there fundamental lack understanding the power economics the cryptocurrency space. particularly how cryptocurrency and tokenization has changed what can done with general asset exchange. despite the disruptive nature blockchain and similar technologies, this lack emphasis common problem with many projects. there are few projects that effectively implement strategies exploit this. perhaps possible say that this stage development, any project that isn't taking measures protect its coin's price, counteract negative price manipulation, not fully grasping utilizing the disruptive technology made possible developments cryptographic tokenization. optitoken uses supply and demand economics affect the price its cryptocurrency nurturing demand and creating provably fair scarcity. why fair? because the tokens destroyed are removed forever verified, transparent unspendable address, opposed tactics implemented history create scarcity temporarily, such locking asset vault for given time period. examples this strategy are common, having normally been implemented huge corporations with commodities they operate their core businesses on. the textbook examples this are beers and the global diamond supply, standard oil and the oil supply. another great use case what happens prices economy when the opposite scarcity created. take for example central banks and international governmental bodies, some which still practice the mass printing currency their governments without simultaneously matching production growth their economy, hopes fixing short term monetary problems hand. though immediate monetary obligations can met with this strategy, this causes influx money supply, thus making each unit less scarce and less valuable. the result overdoing this mass appreciation the prices goods the economy, other terms, hyperinflation. the most relevant historical examples are germany post wwii, zimbabwe the early current day venezuela. obviously, the effects country can devastating. argue that doing the opposite, that is, increasing the value economy's money, will cause the opposite effect the benefit all adopters. understand that when more profitable save one's money, the propensity consume decreases. however, believe there threshold (that can found using patterns averages) that when crossed makes people spend more than they had the past. this turn nurtures the velocity spending economy, which exactly what central banks are trying when tampering with money supplies and interest rates. the benefit with optitoken that this economy enriching its citizens, opposed trying keep the bunny just bit behind the carrot. buy pressure strategic scarcity below graphic representation how price action would work once optitoken being traded openly exchange. the effect this strategy nurture market that has very strong buy support. also solves extremely common problem new ico's, that hit exchanges and cannot find any volume. not only does optitoken solve this, but uses tokenization innovative new way create cryptocurrency that has the potential appreciate, offer support, price even bear markets. our test portfolio, that uses the strategies that will adopted the algorithm, has been consistently outpacing bitcoin since november. you can view the movements live and transparently our website. given that the portfolio's value can increase even bear markets like the last one, optitoken's price exchanges can grow even when most coins are the red. this turn can create serious organic marketing the form fomo, foreign buyers jump the the trend spikes price. price strategic buy pressure time volume strategic buy strategic buy our algorithm trades automatically between the basket tokens, portion the profits created will used buy optitoken the market, thus providing upward price pressure. then those tokens will sent unspendable address and destroyed, creating scarcity and increasing value. supply scarcity imagine the world only when satoshi burns coins now there less bitcoin. the early supporters optitoken purposely uses has bitcoin donation the network", becomes more scarce and adopters were rewarded this strategy create the first people were less willing with appreciating asset. hyper-deflationary the same market cap, making part with their precious coins, each more valuable making more valuable. the remaining coins share than before. every coin lost gift for the community cryptocurrency scalability optitoken, illustrated graphically the following charts represent abstractly the effect buys the simple moving average optitoken's price. the first one shows something that some many consider given. however, want illustrate for those that may wonder and how adjust buys, well how that calculated. first glance someone see project that executes onesize-fits-all buys and wonder, won't the effectiveness dwindle the project goes on? would that scenario indeed. however, the size buys will scale alongside the price and daily average volume which brings our second graph. suficient volume daily average units improper utilization buy support would insufficient more needed example buy cycles units insuficient needed this one rough example how optitoken utilizes daily average volume and price calculate the amounts needed affect price the most optimal manner possible. doesn't give the exact optimal amount, but does give the minimum amount necessary. knowing that buying above the minimum, tweak progress, best inject the market with one large buy that drives price parabolically? better buy waves, meaning more profits from optix trading operations need saved and accumulated? with the latter the psychological impact those gaming the system changes. the buy low sell spike idea becomes imperfect for traders arbitrageurs. theoretically, believe utilizing randomness some extent will offer the best outcome long term for price. what need know these minimums, which easily attainable. how and when execute the buys variable based how buy pressure tends best utilized after some live testing early optitoken's ecosystem, once live exchanges.yet still provide sufficient transparency and learning opportunities for those who take interest the project. line effect price opti increasing decreasing rate increasing volume daily average units not increasing enough nearing decreasing returns higher buy units needed buy cycles units ccu ccu transparency because its nature, the optitoken project aims completely transparent throughout all its activities and endeavors. this includes making all software programs and api's open-source. audits will conducted periodically both for transparency and compliance purposes. the tokens the basket being traded will all reported fully with the most tax-efficient and allowable accounting basis. the project incorporated the cayman islands and will follow all reporting requirements required cayman island exempt companies. general, the official accounting method any current new country optitoken operates will implemented and determined founder and legal, taking into account what most beneficial for the company. the token exchanged and used each basket will displayed after their each respective cycle. this protect the project's desirability and maintain element secret that can only appreciated those who purchase optitokens, yet still provide sufficient transparency and learning opportunities for those who take interest the project. roadmap november launch testnet tracking gains and gathering data for use the final algorithm. initial starting team assembled including one dev, one business developer/ project manager, one quant and legal team. december january launch website and initial press releases and marketing strategies. launch social media channels start building community. targeting and acquisition initial purchases. launch ann, white-paper follow soon. onboarding further help and developers. further development beta testing algorithm infusing more value and growing initial portfolio. acquisition advisor team. february final draft white paper released. further onboarding advisors and team. further development algorithm and any user interfaces phase wallet etc. march token sale marketing and campaign begin coding and implementation backend testing interface exchange april ito: days start work algorithm may beta launch exchange(s), growing the portfolio right away after month ico. portfolio will not sit idle but instead right work after month. further work and optimizing algorithm and security alpha interface launch exchange(s) and continued token sale push june july last month push token sale and continued business development and second addition ito sales portfolio. after the token creation event finished, distribution tokens ico buyers. begin the purchasing tokens phase exchange(s) for buy pressure optitoken with profits date and then the addition remaining ico. summer creation and testing any user interfaces. continue grow find and improve algorithm, possibly starting integration machine learning. onward continue growth driven operations along with searching for new ways improve e.g. incorporate pre-sale discounts since there will ability buy the minimums? this can very interesting strategy times overbought market. legal disclaimer the project not open for participation us, chinese, cayman island citizens any other citizens who reside countries that prohibits the participation initial coin offerings the attaining certain cryptocurrencies. optitokens are available for purchase from the entity "opti token" only those jurisdictions and those persons where and whom they lawfully may offered for sale and only during the pre-ico and ico events. this fact sheet does not constitute offer subscribe for securities. nothing this fact sheet intended create contract for investment into optitoken, and each potential ico participant acknowledges that optitoken will rely this assertion ico participants statements with respect compliance with the laws the jurisdiction which the ico participant legally resides. this document does not constitute offer sell the solicitation offer buy any person for whom unlawful make such offer solicitation. prospective ico participants should inform themselves the legal requirements and tax consequences within their respective countries their citizenship, residence, domicile, and place business with respect the acquisition, holding disposal the tokens, and any foreign exchange restrictions that may relevant thereto. the distribution this fact sheet and the offer and sale the tokens certain jurisdictions may restricted law. the responsibility prospective ico participants inform themselves the legal requirements and tax consequences within the countries their citizenship, residence, domicile and place business with respect the acquisition, holding disposal the tokens, and any restrictions that may relevant thereto.