decentralized music distribution using interplanetary file systems (ipfs) the blockchain. bokang jia, chenhao xu, mateusz mach table contents (c) opus stream limited introduction core objectives technology front-end user applications: opus core players token mechanism platform mass-adoption incentives governance and marketing: opus dao case studies roadmap market analysis conclusion contact references abstract opus decentralized music sharing platform that leverages blockchain technology guarantee fair compensation for artists, transparent and reliable payment rules; and extensive music content stored the community. opus introduces its own digital token (opt) for payments and revenue management for both artists and fans. these tokens give new possibilities the music industry: artists can decide how split revenues between band members and for each song separately, can share their own revenue with the fans, who turn can support their favorite artists can purchase extra content. leveraging the speed and redundancy decentralized and immutable file storage technology ipfs (interplanetary file system), opus can scale and deliver thousands tracks per second very decentralized manner. this achieved encrypting music tracks the and storing the encrypted music files permanently the ipfs swarm. the smart contract the blockchain collects hashes the statistics the played songs which are the basis for revenue calculations for each artist this data are available for public and its immutability can checked comparing hashes. when everything transparently stored the opus smart contract, also consider introducing additional governance mechanisms such opus dao (decentralized autonomous organization) used for voting new features, artists revenue sharing and variety other possibilities. due the fast-paced emergence blockchain technology, and high fees within the ethereum ecosystem, opus has decided start with hybrid technology stack: music files and payments are fully decentralized ipfs and ethereum and real time transactional data between players/web panels and the platform are api with off-chain data storage based. with technology growth and its business suitability opus will responsibly and gradually switch its remaining components the blockchain. (c) opus stream limited introduction problem overwiev the global music industry growing, generating $.bn revenue despite the growing market for music services, the current bureaucratic system labels, artist managers, and distribution services have largely choked the smaller artist that cannot negotiate sponsorship deals with big brands, and who rely direct artist-to-fan sales addition, centralized streaming platforms take the mission statement entire revenue stream, harming many small artists. while direct artistto-fan sales were possible the past, artists today are forced rely "the opus foundation's mission create decentralized music- monopolized streaming platforms, which pay little usd per sharing platform that uncensorable, fair, and easy use play. established artists that rely tours and sponsorships can handle system that gives greater choice listeners and fair market value this, but smaller artists who only have fan base few thousand cannot compensation artists" survive this industry with such tiny revenue stream. why? opus major disruptive force driving the way music shared the twenty first century. cutting out major middlemen the music recording industry record labels, monopolized distribution platforms, artists have choice but choose the existing alternative pay-to-use label companies, and studios that have major stake the music low revenue model. fact, many artists, such pop star taylor swift, industry, opus will empower small artists and pose new paradigm shift have taken their stance against the pay-to-use model pulling tracks the way people listen and pay for music. doubt, there will out streaming services way send message. unfortunately, resistance towards the opus platform from existing institutions holding this often results friction between fans and artists. fans today have artists hostage. however, opus well positioned take advantage manage numerous different music platforms, while artists struggle for the decentralized nature smart contracts and ipfs revolutionize the fair compensation. music industry way never before seen. (c) opus stream limited core objectives engineering the world's most efficient music-sharing platform build seamless user experience from the ground leveraging the bleeding-edge distributed ledger systems like ipfs, user experience the key successful long-term growth business. and the immutable nature distributed smart contracts ethereum, amazon's ceo jeff bezos invested times more customer opus aims build the infrastructure from the ground highly experiencing than marketing the first years, and airbnb's ceo mike network-efficient manner with minimum latency. gebbia credits with building the company worth billion. excellent user experience necessary make the business thrive. the opus core development team, led team passionate industry- studies show that companies that invest heavily see significant leading computer scientists and engineers, are currently: increase user uptake and adoption rates compared similar products with lower emphasis ux. finishing the development the api, smart contracts, and transactional databases. the team opus takes this concept very seriously; fact, have designed our platform based unique user experience. the world finalizing the development the opus player for web, android and ios. blockchain, many interactions are crude with complicated hoops and unintuitive interfaces. what have managed shatter this barrier with infrastructure and ui/ux level experience that intuitive and responsive use with tested sub-second latency. completing the development the artist and fan web panels for content management and cryptocurrency payments. environment heavily focused pure conceptual ideas, opus plans invest resources into ui/ux provide groundbreaking user research for scalable and cost effective blockchain-based experience, poising capture significant share the $bn-a-year transactional systems. music streaming industry. (c) opus stream limited implement modern, democratic governance opus believes transparency rules, data immutability, and cryptography-based data integrity ideas that stand behind the blockchain. that why smart contracts will store compensation rules for each person from band, agreed upon after mutual confirmation, that why smart contract will make transfers artists and fans based calculations collected from the platform usage data, that why all this data and those rules will publicly visible everyone. implement successful marketing plan ensure long-term growth after ensuring all the infrastructure place, opus will promote the platform through both sponsorships and indirect advertising. our plan onboard artists while the same time promoting the platform fans. there are many new markets, particularly countries with established music platforms, for example china, void opus can easily occupy. unlike many blockchain projects focusing only core concept, the primary goal opus shine light the technology mainstream audience. while have invested considerable resources producing infrastructure-level innovations, are also committed campaigning and transforming opus into platform ubiquitous other global streaming platforms have become the last years. (c) opus stream limited technology overview engineers and computer scientists, believe designing enterprisegrade solutions that are scalable heart and reliable practice. what propose this paper -layer system that utilizes ipfs file storage layer, off-chain database transactional and directory layer, ethereum smart contracts finance logic layer, and api and applications the front-end application layer. due the emerging state the blockchain technology, with high ethereum fees for collecting real-time data from players and effectively responding users' requests, designed our own system currently use established layer for transactional operations. all the data collected there and the hash song statistics periodically sent the blockchain; thus, can deliver real-time user experience balanced with rational costs, and utilize the blockchain the greatest possible extent, primarily for payments. technology stack opus platform: api: node.js with strongloop/loopback framework, file storage: ipfs public and own nodes, figure overview the opus platform (c) opus stream limited transactional data storage: postgresql database, immutable storage and payments processing: ethereum blockchain, other words, ipfs provides high throughput content-addressed web player and artist/fan panel: javascript react app with ethereum block storage model, with content addressed hyperlinks. this forms lightwallet, generalized merkle dag, data structure upon which one can build versioned file systems, blockchains, and even permanent web. ipfs android player coded kotlin, combines distributed hash table, incentivized block exchange, and ios player coded swift, self-certifying namespace. has single point failure, and the nodes google firebase for google/facebook/twitter auth, nginx server ssl proxy layer. technologically, the proof-of-work blockchain not suitable for handling transactional systems (high frequency and volume data). opus has tested the blockchain-only solution and found too costly, too slow, and have lack privacy storing decryption keys and that why use hybrid stack: the ethereum blockchain, payments, and governance; and the already established postgresql database with node.js application server providing the api for transactional operations between the opus players and the core platform. observe the growth side-chain systems such raidos, bigchaindb ethereum sharding technology and look forward its readiness for business. interplanetary file system ipfs ... what ipfs interplanetary file system (ipfs) peer-to-peer distributed file system that connects computing devices with the same system files. figure ipfs hypermedia many ways, ipfs similar the web, but ipfs can seen single protocol addressed content and bittorrent swarm, exchanging objects within identities instead traditional one git repository. location addressing (c) opus stream limited not need trust each other. the ipfs protocol level, the system fully neutral and the nodes can with such dynamic level flexibility and scalability, just like http, there run over any transport protocol. fact, ipfs nodes not have limit the scalability ipfs. opus, the total latency increases referenced centralized ip. ipfs nodes can run through different with o(c), where network architectures such ndn (named data networking), xia (expressive internet architecture) and more. this transport-neutral constant, and capacity increases with o(n), where files network protocol will ensure that ipfs can transmitted through any the network. the network gets larger, the total latency should network and resist censorship. remain relative low with smooth streaming experience. ipfs emerging, revolutionary paradigm decentralized storage. not storing any music files centralized server, organization, ... opus and ipfs including opus, can modify delete any audio content uploaded artists the opus platform. the ipfs system enables the opus platform serve music files permanent and decentralized manner. anyone can become host ... scalability ipfs opus files running their own ipfs node. the ipfs protocol collection protocols served from swarm take the hash ipfs nodes. however, the network layer can perform network activities qmuhdmrvghabeuxpxcqbtzsnzvqndgwgrbmkprqrf through single tcp udp port. ipfs can multiplex many point-to- for instance. this hash the permanent global reference point connections simultaneously. unencrypted music track track (written arief zulkifli) accessible through the ipfs swarm network. for instance each node can: listen particular tcp/ip address listen different udt/udp/ip address have multiple streams open node x,y,z multiplexes streams over http multiple nodes (c) opus stream limited nature ipfs important mainstream scale. considering that opus will have profound effect the music streaming industry. there may political, social and economic incentives (government sanction) for nodes "alter" the files referenced the original hash. however, because this will change the hash tree the file, computationally and cryptographically impossible. you can play this track accessing the reference hash through locallyhosted node.js ipfs access point. you can also access this unencrypted track through http api gateways such as: https://ipfs.infura.io/ipfs/ the opus team has found that effectively serve opus tracks worldwide, must run ipfs nodes every continent, with storage each, for kbps tracks with average duration minutes. consider the use filecoin-like systems, where nodes with opus files are rewarded for sharing their storage. the partner would have provide the right download bandwidth well high amount ram for caching, etc. figure merkle hash root diagram smart contracts and ethereum can verify that such hash induces immutable bijection between smart contracts are immutable programs that execute when certain unique file examining the merkle hash tree the node files. conditions are met. these "smart contracts" can scripted with predetermined set instructions custom instructions the virtual rogue node attacks the network, the majority network would recognize machine which will then executed immutable and transparent change the root hash and search for new nodes, ensuring that the fashion. network maintains immutable storage tracks. this immutable (c) opus stream limited smart contracts are much better than traditional channels because they can verified quickly and cheaply, and are fully transparent. logic can also ... ethereum instead custom blockchain coded into smart contracts the form turing-complete computer code. doing enables something revolutionary: fully decentralized creating custom c++ optimized blockchain for opus most certainly program. such decentralized crypto-graphically secured network, possibility. fact, the opus team experimented with c++ modifications economically impossible prevent the execution the smart contracts, bitcoin, which also programmable. however, was extremely especially when copies the code are verified and executed among time-intensive and prone human error develop such system. millions computers. furthermore, still economically and efficiency furthermore, the limiting set default functions the bitcoin core impossible use smart contract-enabled blockchains, like ethereum, meant that lot time had put into recreating common data the only logic layer. such, take the best parts from the blockchain structures. and mature database engines, and combine everything together work for the artists and fans. bitcoin default operations: ... opus logic smart contract case op_add: case op_sub: while the opus storage layer able deliver vast volumes data (we case op_booland: have tested ipfs throughout exceed mb/s with latency), case op_boolor: without core payment and logic layer, artists cannot compensated case op_numequal: for uploading tracks the opus protocol and curators also cannot case op_numnotequal: paid for their services creating playlists and sharing music tracks. case op_lessthan: achieve these features, opus needs "logic layer" that processes case op_greaterthan: payments directly from the artist the curator and from the fan the case op_lessthanorequal: artist. case op_greaterthanorequal: case op_numequalverify: case op_min: this using ethereum smart contracts. using smart contracts, artists case op_max: and fans can rest assured almost the payments are delivered the artists transparently, immutably and without intermediaries taking ethereum, the other hand, has much higher level abstraction, large chunks revenue. artists can also rest assured that their revenue common data structures, inheritance, encapsulation, and more. stream will not change the whim corporate greed. (c) opus stream limited additionally, would economically difficult use proof-of-work (pow) the third-party players. while this could potential attack vectors, secure independent opus protocol, there are potential incentives the lack large local node would give more people access the opus for third parties attack the protocol (e.g. existing streaming services). platform. would also much more effective utilize existing programmable blockchain solution such ethereum which has significantly higher ... uploading tracks: resistance towards attacks. the opus artist panel provides interface between ipfs and the file platform. artists can upload albums with songs and all data are stored automatically the ipfs and off-chain database. ... between evm and player: ... playing back tracks: ethereum javascript web api interaction between virtually instantiated opus node and the ethereum virtual machine (evm). this the opus core music players are available for the web, android and ios lightweight node can instantiated within browser local client platforms. they offer functionalities similar other mainstream players, device such desktop mobile phone. with decentralization-based advantages. because the decentralized mesh nature ipfs, sometimes the song start play latency even fans can pay for their subscription for access the platform directly from smaller than traditional platforms more populated regions. addition, their browsers, securely using their own wallets pay one two ways: opus will deploy its own ipfs nodes around the globe secure low latency access all stored files. single payment for given timeframe subscription, allowing the opus master contract charge the fan's wallet with ... incentivizing permanent song availability fixed number opt tokens similar mechanism charging credit card periodically, but with cap defined upfront. ipfs hashes ensure that each hash corresponds one unique track the swarm such that new node joins the network, the entire network ... between ipfs and browser: will get access the track stored the node. this will ensure the security the files streamed from ipfs hashes. communication between the ipfs network and the opus platform through the ipfs remote procedural call (rpc) api. for more lightweight however, there may still issues regarding permanent availability clients, would advisable connect through ipfs gateways operated files. while there are incentives for artists keep backups the tracks (c) opus stream limited they release, it's not enforced, there very slim chance that the provides high throughput on-the-fly encryption and decryption data swarm network may lose the "permanent" music track. currently, the files. only way ensure permanent availability for nodes accept swarm data and host them voluntarily like node. all data blockchain are publicly available, opus stores decryption keys off-chain database and decrypts files the api, before fortunately, there are currently development many in-situ decentralized sending via the ssl secured http protocol the player. mechanisms maintain ipfs solutions. one such mechanism filecoin, which pays decentralized storage nodes that host files maintain copies this technology, with the possibilities partnership with drm company, the music files. music tracks are negligibly small, can, the one step towards keeping the keys secure against malicious actors. future, incorporate negligible fee per track sale and have automatically ensures that the artists are paid their fair number tokens. transfer filecoin host for hosting music tracks the off-chance that files are not available from the ipfs swarm. this encryption also important terms piracy. opus has implement system automatically verify artists' identities and songs' encryption music files intellectual property rights. there are two options are considering: music files, even though only few big, are too large store the evm. therefore, store the files within the ipfs swarm. however, the music files can viewed publicly and permanently anybody the ipfs swarm. opus employs secure encryption algorithm ensure that the music accessible only users who paid for the subscription. what opus uses lightweight public-private key-encryption model restrict access only subscribers. the aes -bit (advanced encryption standards) encryption ensures that data can efficiently encrypted lightweight manner while streaming the music file. the files are streamed and decrypted the fly between the ipfs network, through the opus api, individual clients. this smoothly, divide the music tracks into chunks (chunking) which will decrypted and encrypted the fly. opus intends use encryption library that (c) opus stream limited figure diagram the aes- bit encryption architecture opus uses platform integrated procedure for artists and songs verified, integrating the platform with the drm company opus umrn total cost tot(x) per block function the number transactions within the block. the book industry has isbn, standardized book referencing database managed the isbn central authority. registering single number within the isbn foundation costs usd. while this relatively cheap for professional authors, significant expense for smaller, amateur authors. what opus considering novel high-throughput music relay registry known umrn. the registry for umrn will generated low cost within relay ethereum smart contract, with the registry database hosted immutably the ipfs swarm. umrn novel music identification format and registry database for the music industry that enables small artists register and the opus players identify millions tracks within globalized and immutable ledger. this, the opus umrn smart contract registry will use the sigmoid function, commonly found machine learning statistical normalization, increase the cost per block exponential limit when high number registrations (e.g. per block) are initiated. this ensures that when not under attack, the token cost will virtually nothing register track. when large number registrations are made per block, the cost will scale rapidly, depleting the attacker opts. tcost function c(x) for registering track onto the umrn database. (c) opus stream limited introduce universal music metadata format for each track stored the same location the umrn json file. the meta data format standard will compliance with existing database systems dictated the guidelines published the music business association [towns]. this music meta data style guide represents many corporations such as, but not limited to: amazon, beats, bmi, disney music group, google, epitaph, itunes, microsoft, and sony. opus intends user-friendly possible, including for the artists. therefore, complying with existing meta data standards, will ensure compliance with many today's existing infrastructure. metadata guidelines: artist name and multiple authors csv form track title unicode genre the track spam while also creating theoretical ceiling enable artists release length track ss:hh:mm tracks slightly higher fee during spam attack. such defense country publication album/single. (if album, use the same album reference number the umrn relay contract permits large number transactions low price before increasing quickly asymptotic limit. this deter crucial there are incentives from existing large streaming platforms attack the opus protocol, especially the opus umrn database. ... music upload format standards generated the opus relay contract.) sampling the audio file publisher (optional) opus will define set guidelines for artists publishing tracks the opus protocol that are compatible with the opus api. because the immutable nature ethereum smart contracts and files stored ipfs, (c) opus stream limited artist bounty and curation release the platform and the subsequent reaction our users. ... artist bounty augmenting ethereum smart contracts and ipfs smaller artists often lack way promote their music. traditional ethereum defines the logic, value transfer, and governance opus while marketing channels involve large upfront payments and obtrusive direct ipfs stores the data used the opus platform. merging the two advertising, which not correlate with any potential revenue. systems, overcome the storage and latency limitations ethereum while incorporating the immutable logic attributes ethereum. the opus platform artists can engage with fans with digital marketing activities. ... interfacing between ethereum contracts, and the ipfs swarm artists can share part their revenue with fans, when fan responds ethereum and ipfs are the blockchain world what dns providers and the offer, the fan's ethereum wallet address added list addresses servers are the world wide web. the dns was created the receive the artist' opt tokens. arpanet solve crucial issue directing traffic different computers based centrally maintained file called hosts.txt kept stanford. this ... curator incentives ensured that traffic could directed easily within the network. another piece the music industry often ignores the numerous curators and music specialists that publish music playlists and charts for your enjoyment. opus, wish ensure that everybody fairly treated that popular and reputed curators can generate revenue when songs are played from within their custom playlists. fan bounty: regarding fan royalty distribution, possible set smart contract that would automatically distribute part the artist's revenue selected fans. crowdfunding music production also very much doable. engaging our community something take very seriously and want much possible. the implementation both functions will depend extensive tests will carry out after the (c) opus stream limited figure opus ipfs content referencing (c) opus stream limited front-end user applications: opus core players the opus team has developed players for three platforms: web, android, ios. third-party apps will able use the opus api create their own players (e.g., different bitcoin wallets). while the opus core players will stable platform access the opus api, will releasing documentation and api guides third-party developers. the opus team believes open-sourced decentralization and will encouraging external developers that take advantage the opus api their products. nevertheless, encourage third-party developers reach out info@opus-foundation.org for advice opus design guidelines that will ensure premium user experience. (c) opus stream limited (c) opus stream limited (c) opus stream limited mobile application wireframe: opus web-player wireframe: metamask), and future services (e.g., decentralized exchanges). token mechanism ... erc the erc standard new, backwards compatible, token format that solves some issues existing erc: specification token name opus token (opt) circulating supply format erc compliant handling incoming transactions from the receiver contract ensuring that transactions for one token will not received the receiving contract another ensuring uniformity within ethereum such that the transfer() function called for both contract and account deposits. these improvements are backward compatible, the opus protocol will fully embrace these new token standard updates. divisibility erc token functions: tradeable between users function totalsupply() constant returns (uint totalsupply) yes function name() constant returns (string _name) function symbol() constant returns (string _symbol) token standard function decimals() constant returns (uint _decimals) function balanceof(address _owner) constant returns (uint balance) function transfer(address _to, uint _value, bytes _data) returns (bool the erc format provides common interface for digital assets the success) ethereum blockchain, making integration between different wallets, function transfer(address _to, uint _value) returns (bool success) players, and exchanges seamless experience. function tokenfallback(address _from, uint _value, bytes _data) opts are designed fully compliant with erc standards order ensure that the tokens are compatible with all players, wallets (mist, geth, (c) opus stream limited platform mass-adoption incentives business model ... artists opus rising artists rising artists are inclined release tracks opus because allows them take home nearly the revenue they generate and track where their revenue going transparent manner. also allows artists diversify into new audience, and revenue streams traditionally not available through existing platforms. these less established artists will relieved learn that they not need sign long-term deals pay hefty registration fees list their work the opus platform. artists who are less established can release preview their track the form second unencrypted portion their music file. fan wishes listen the rest the track, she will able purchase subscription providing access the full versions the songs the (c) opus stream limited platform. circles can also generate income sharing their purchase contract address. fans make small cut (optionally determined the promoting artist) for every purchase made through their bounty address. this could established artists attractive music listeners looking make some side income established artists will also greatly benefit from the opus protocol. network effects unlike existing streaming platforms that take the revenue, the opus protocol only takes for maintenance the platform. ... existing network effects the music industry addition, there possibility that tracks will de-listed from the platform banned due government restrictions. while brand loyalty exists within specific streaming platforms, the overall entrenchment the industry relatively low. most streaming services the fact that the underlying opus protocol and infrastructure can are less than years old, and many fans already use multiple platforms. used any opus-api player around the world means that the artist will many albums are fragmented, available some platforms and not have access much bigger global audience and thus have much available others. greater reach. addition, most existing platforms have adopted streaming models ... music fans but not song sales. because existing platforms are mostly streamingoriented, music fans don't have lot "sunk cost" regarding purchased opus offers revolutionary platform for music fans that gives them songs when switching platforms. access their music collection straight from the cloud permanently, rapidly, and wherever they wish. doesn't hurt switch opus. with the low barriers entry, switching incentives, and the immutable ... switching incentives nature the blockchain and ipfs swarm, can expect more artists releasing their songs opus than traditional platforms. this will opus will provide switching incentives through bounties and campaigns, offer the average music-fan much wider selection tracks through the but will also provide superior user experience existing platforms opus-api players compared existing fractured platforms. with highly skilled team user interface/user experience designers board. research has found, better ui/ux often the determining factor with the artist bounty system, fans that are popular within their social (c) opus stream limited for most people looking switch platforms. having comparable better user experience, low latency and high scalability, hope improvements need made opus. this democratic system allows overcome the network effect. agile polling while ensuring that voters are represented and prevents governance and sybil voting happens other non-blockchain products. decide marketing: opus dao implement this, would have the following features: opus treasury the opus marketing development fund will fund derived from all music sales the opus smart contract. our current plan opus active member the modern token economics era trustby-computation, where the paradigm switches from trusting people trusting mathematics. this includes: cryptography based data immutability assurance, transparent and immutable computer code-based token transfers and financial data storage, bounty programs where every fan can generate revenue promoting their favorite artists, curator's revenues where content quality manager can rewarded for his/her labor making the best song playlists, dao where every token's holder business co-owner, with the right decide about its future: form digital direct democracy among digital society. being able evolve separately from the core team important. therefore, are also considering implementing dao system within the opus code. this system would allow music listeners vote what (c) opus stream limited take approximately the music sales, but this can changed depending what the community wants when the main net released. are currently tweaking the numbers for the opus treasury. will using this opus treasury sponsor programs, not unlike the dash master node fund [duffield and diaz]. however, anybody will able vote, and their vote will weighted accordingly based how many opt they own. weigh each vote the amount opt the voting address owns order protect against sybil attacks. opus dao any individual will able propose request the opus network. however, proposals will burn opt stop spam. there will -month period for voting and submissions where the number yes/ votes are weighted the number opt tokens the voter holds. anybody can participate this voting procedure. voting framework, like the dao dash. [duffield and diaz]. users who own significant amount opt, and who have the network's best interests heart, are more likely appreciate new features, and will able vote monthly budget proposals submitted the network. the end each month, opt will granted the winning feature proposals. this will paid directly the platform develop new features attract new artists. unused funds will burnt each month, reducing the overall opt supply and increasing the music value each individual opt token allowing opt holders more access music than before. (c) opus stream limited opus actually can revolutionize digital music through blockchain (c) opus stream limited make the best use these funds, will implement monthly voting blockchain-based service that almost entirely decentralized, unlike case studies many other "decentralized" platforms existence today. frank ocean had published his album the opus platform instead, would have been immutably stored within the ipfs swarm with why opus needs decentralized corresponding smart contract ipfs hashes running ethereum. this means frank's album would not have been able taken down just two days after frank ocean's "blonde" one the biggest releases umg, freeing frank from his legal hassles and ensuring that will released apple's itunes, lucian grainge, ceo universal music always receive nearly the revenue his album generates. group (umg), and widely regarded the most powerful executive the music industry, reportedly ordered the company's labels stop the practice making "exclusive" distribution deals with streaming services. one day later, the tracks were ordered shut down from spotify and apple music umg against frank's wishes. these centralized services had comply. frank ocean could facing charges million usd against umg and other recording outlets. issues like these are the reason why centralized platforms and contracts are currently plaguing the music record industry. they tear artists between dwindling traditional sources revenue and exploitative online services. wholeheartedly agree that 'decentralization' and 'blockchain' are the buzzwords today with numerous companies and institutes creating "blockchain products" simply because the growing popularity the blockchain. many these projects either fail understand the meaning "decentralized" simply don't implement fully decentralized product, selling pseudo-decentralized platform. the opus protocol completely, fundamentally, and technologically different. our protocol delivers truly (c) opus stream limited the voracious musicophile who listens wide selection artists todd from monaco heavy music listener. listens all types music including pop, metal, country, and folk. also likes travel the world and enjoys listening wide variety local songs such congolese rumba, k-pop, and c-pop. his favorite artists are aaron parker, taylor swift, and thom york. unfortunately, there are many obstacles between todd and his favorite artists. todd's local music library over large. doesn't want carry around with him, uses streaming services. one existing platform, unfortunately for todd, censored monaco. fact, this platform banned over countries. todd then turns alternative platform. however, much todd's dismay, many his favorite artists, including taylor swift, are not available this service because the standard pricing scheme streaming services enforce. international music also extremely difficult find audio this quality listen to. even though very limited and fractured the music streaming industry since every willing pay more for this quality, artists often not release streaming service uses their own infrastructure. this means that todd versions streaming platforms often restrict the bit rate kbps. has use many international platforms addition the ones already uses. using opus, however, jupiter can enjoy music kbps long artists are willing upload audio (and artists will, because they can nevertheless, todd now uses mix platforms listen everything generate more revenue this way). served straight from the scalable ipfs wants. this very frustrating todd, and wishes there was more swarm, jupiter and many other audiophiles like him can now enjoy unified solution. wide selection audio straight from any opus core third-party player. this where opus comes in. using opus, todd can purchase access the platform and listen all songs stored ipfs without any censorship the amateur hip-hop artist releasing his first track and limitations. claire writes music her small group fans facebook her free the music collector time. she wants release track already established platform both broaden her reach and monetize her work. however, for emerging peter his late throughout his life, his favorite hobby has been artists like claire, releasing track not easy. the high cost registration music collecting, yet now disappointed that music the digital age along with publishers, labels and exploitative streaming platforms fleeting and streamed. wishes could "own" songs online and means that claire cannot receive the money she deserves. able stream even after "streaming sites" are abandoned. with opus, however, claire can register her track the platform the opus protocol revitalizes peter's dreams being music collector. through the relay contract easily and cheaply. claire can now reach big with opus, songs are stored forever the permanent ipfs swarm, which audience without the need sign contracts. she can set the price she means that access the songs practically only limited situations wants for her niche audience and know that she will receive all her when the subscription not paid. money transparently from any opus player. the audiophile the established artist seeking bigger audience jupiter audiophile who only listens hd, kbps audio. finds frank already sells his tracks other big platforms. tired the fees (c) opus stream limited these platforms take, giving him only the total revenue. using opus, frank not only cuts out all the red tape surrounding these centralized platforms but also generates much more revenue than ever has before. addition, frank feels more secure knowing that opus will not suddenly increase fees remove his songs from the platform. the playlist wizard people love the musical tastes marcus stephan. his spare time, marcus expertly crafts playlists enjoyed millions people across the world. marcus wishes there was way could make money from his work. opus, marcus generates revenue songs being played from his playlists fans. marcus ecstatic. can now create playlists containing these tracks and get paid for sharing artists' music. marcus now does full time playlist-crafting and earns living doing it. (c) opus stream limited july started development august formed official opus development team september c++ custom blockchain infrastructure. october storage layer infrastructure implementation (sia, storj, ipfs) november technical alpha december opus ethereum smart contract development january seed round march audit opus ethereum contract. team expansion opus api development april optimizing the opus umrn registry. added ui/ux and web designers. working with small artists. development artist bounty system may beta release and optimization. june security audit and press release, opusdao beta testing. official launch. october move offices gdansk, poland, and expand team hiring new developers. may beta release (ethereum testnet). june onboarding hundreds independent artists july outreach the record labels august beta release (ethereum mainnet). october integration with raidos bigchaindb others. scaling. off-chain side-chain sharding exploration. roadmap market analysis overview opus solves this central issue utilizing permanent and immutable ipfs swarm file storage system along with permanent smart contracts. our solution decentralized subscription based system with immutable content, assuring that songs will available anywhere and anytime. opus market breakout initial adoption will always challenge for any platform. overcome this hurdle, what plan target specific market segments. ... international music today often listened people from all around the world, even people who may not necessarily understand the language which particular song sung. this international market segment set expand rapidly the next few years. currently, there does not exist unifying service that aggregates music from all over the world. our unique global api-based platform will enable this service from inception. music published from any part the world will instantly referenced and searchable from any other location through the opus (c) opus stream limited umrn registry, enabling opus take advantage the growing international audience. ... niche markets the music market extremely niche-focused. some existing platforms target the middle-income family audience while others target younger collegeage market. this interesting, music very identity-focused medium. people like associate with their specific brand service which what allows them connect with the music services. opus, unlike existing streaming services, api-based. this means that any company will able integrate the opus protocol and environment within their own player. doing allows opus significant competitive advantage. allows opus act the foundation upon which different players can operate within the music space. opus has the potential greater than each music platform can target every niche market simultaneously with third-party api-based players. ... marketing opus has dedicated resources implement aggressive marketing strategy. while the blockchain still emerging technology, opus will aim its marketing primarily people already familiar with this technology and its benefits. these enthusiasts will form the group first users the platforms. this will achieved establishing opus global leader the blockchain, sponsoring specialized conferences worldwide, organizing events, and partnering with other blockchain startups. furthermore, opus the process on-boarding hundreds independent and less established artists seeking fair compensation for their work. this achieved working closely with small, independent labels, music executives, artists with vast network within the music industry, and word-of-mouth. once opus has established fan-base and extensive choice music, the marketing will shift somewhat appeal larger audience. opus will reach out world-famous artists with fan-bases millions people, who will convert opus. these artists will become brand-ambassadors for the platform and will encourage their fans and other artists join opus and reap the benefits the blockchain. this will create domino effect, with increasing number artists joining opus. (c) opus stream limited (c) opus stream limited conclusion with the advent blockchain smart contracts and ipfs, there now exists the ability construct attractive way securing both the content: tracks, its metadata and playing statistics immutable physical file and market-fair, automatic and transparent pricing and payment system between the artist and fan. this novel transparent, code-based governance system enables many exciting new opportunities the music-distribution stack. what opus proposes revolutionary concept fully decentralized music platform that resists loss-leader pricing and predatory fees system where artists are paid fairly, and fans enjoy the music they love, wherever they are. with fully functional opus beta release based ipfs, ethereum, api, off-chain database and web/android/ios players have made this concept reality. with contributions provided philipp siemek, konrad szalapak, and the whole opus team. (c) opus stream limited contact info@opus-foundation.org bitcoin talk youtube twitter reddit telegram facebook wechat blog (c) opus stream limited references [benet benet, ipfs content addressed, versioned, file system. https://ipfs.io/ipfs/qmrgsqmcxeagayrzndefqvulxokzrjalx/ipfs.draft.pdf [benet al. benet, j., johnson, j., and couder, ipfs specs. https://github.com/wking/ipfs-specs [damodaran damodaran, valuing young, start-up and growth companies: estimation issues and valuation challenges. stern school business, new york university, may [duffield and diaz duffield, and diaz, dash: privacy-centriccrypto-currency. https://www.dash.org/wp-content/uploads///dash-whitepaperv.pdf [filecoin filecoin. filecoin: cryptocurrency operated file storage network. http://filecoin.io/filecoin.pdf [ifpi ifpi. international federation the phonographic industry. global music report http://gmr.ifpi.org/about-the-report [jentzsch jentzsch, decentralized autonomous organization automate governance final draft. https://download.slock.it/public/dao/whitepaper.pdf [mccandless al. mccandless, d., quick, m., hollowood, e., and slater, selling out: how much music artists earn online. information beautiful. [nakamoto nakamoto, bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system. https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf, (c) opus stream limited [pope al. pope, b., warkentin, m., mutchler, a., and luo, the domain name system--past, present, and future. journal. communications the association for information systems. volume (-). [statista statista. music industry: global music industry revenue and growth worldwide from and (in billions u.s dollars). https://www.statista.com/statistics//global-music-industry-revenue/ [towns towns, music metadata style guide (). music business association. https://musicbiz.org/wp-content/uploads///musicmetadatastyleguide-musicbiz-final..pdf [wood wood, ethereum: secure decentralised generalised transaction ledger vi. http://gavwood.com/paper.pdf, (c) opus stream limited