oraclechain technical white paper contents abstract chapter design concept industry background innovation mission chapter technology architecture platform model data feed mechanism technological advantages chapter governance architecture chapter implementation and iteration development roadmap ecosphere establishment chapter applications prediction market insurance market robo-advisor sports bidding references abstract the world's first application built eos ecosphere, oraclechain needs meet the demands the oracle (oracle machine) ecosystem efficiently linking blockchain technology services with various real-life scenarios, thereby delving into this immense multibillion dollar valuation market. decentralized oracle technology platform based the eos platform, the autonomous proof-of-reputation deposit mechanism adopted and used fundamental service for other blockchain applications. addition oracle services that provide real-world data the blockchain, oracle services that provide cross-chain data are also offered. given that oraclechain can accomplish the functions several prediction market applications, such augur and gnosis, can also support smart contract businesses that require high-frequency access outside data certain scenarios, such roboadvisor. oraclechain will nurture and serve those blockchain applications that change the real world. our mission "link data link world," with the aim becoming the infrastructure linking the real world with the blockchain world. achieving intrachain and extra-chain data connectivities, aspire create service provisioning platform that can most efficiently gain access extra-chain data the future blockchain world. keywords blockchain, crypto-currency chapter design concept industry background according whether interaction exists between intra-chain and extra-chain information, the application scenarios blockchain can approximately categorized into two types. the first type similar bitcoin, single currency system, which mainly supports the circulation currency within chain. thus, the entire business process exists only within blockchain, and the interaction with extra-chain information not needed. currently, the majority public chain projects fall into this type. confined its system, participants generate and consume data within this blockchain only. however, the process blockchain technology development, particularly the development smart contract technology, the interaction intra-chain and extra-chain data required many application scenarios. this interaction forms the second type application scenarios that require extra-chain data. for example, the financial sector, the realization financial contracts smart contracts the blockchain inevitably requires the use information stored external financial systems determine the status contracts. this model integrating extrachain business processes and intra-chain smart contracts requires channel where intrachain and extra-chain data can connected. for those blockchain applications that aim serve the real world, obtaining external data trigger the logical judgment smart contracts necessary. applications such decentralized trading market systems, decentralized insurance systems, various prediction market systems, and instant compensation systems for flight delays fall into this type. these applications require oracle machine obtain real-world data perform smart contracts. the eos platform opens the possibility for efficient blockchain, then oraclechain further strengthens providing extra-chain data for blockchain applications bridge the data chasm separating the real world and the blockchain world and break down data barriers among different blockchain applications. oraclechain will invigorate the blockchain community, thereby generating more possibilities. innovation based eos blockchain platform the eos blockchain platform designed based concept that has been universally verified and experimentally tested for long time, representing the fundamental advancements blockchain technology. the goals the eos blockchain platform are support millions users; achieve free usage, easy upgrades, bug recovery, and low latency; and integrate serial and parallel performances. with the excellent features eos, oraclechain can achieve high throughput, efficiently provide oracle data service, and ensure high processing capacity and low latency data services for blockchain applications, which make financial applications such roboadvisor possible. participant motivation and the closed loop oct oraclechain will use effective reward and penalty mechanism with the aim stimulating data feeders provide effective data feed service. all the data feeders, which regularly participate data feed, will attain high reputation and rewarded with oraclechain tokens (oct). conversely, irregular fraudulent data feeders will have low reputation and lose the oct risk fund they deposited the oraclechain platform. through this double-effect mechanism, which refer proof-ofreputation deposit (pord), oraclechain will effectively defend against hostile data feeders, which could affect the actual results oracle through malicious data feeds. clients need pay oct have access services, thereby achieving the closedloop circulation oct within oraclechain. bridging the world oraclechain will use data tool connect the world and bridge the data chasm separating the real-world and blockchain applications, which will ensure connectivity between data the real world and data the blockchain world promote the overall prosperity the blockchain ecosystem. more scientific outlook data oraclechain proposes the concept "value data" blockchain. oraclechain also provides data service for blockchain applications and charges data consumers, thereby reflecting the value data. mission our mission "link data link world." view the superior performance the eos blockchain platform, oraclechain positions itself service platform that connects intra-chain and extra-chain data, and provides public data services for largescale commercial blockchain applications. although the eos project still its initial stage, has already attracted considerable attention the blockchain industry. oraclechain plans take active part the establishment the ecosphere, provide public oracle machine services, promote the landing more applications, and ensure the common prosperity the ecosphere. the core objective oraclechain become the infrastructure that links the real world and the blockchain world introducing extra-chain data into blockchain achieve data connectivity inside and outside the chain, and build service provisioning platform that can most efficiently gain access extra-chain data the future blockchain world. chapter technology architecture platform model figure oraclechain platform model the oraclechain platform consists two levels, namely, core and services. the basis the eos blockchain infrastructure, the oraclechain core builds the basic service and operation mechanism. the services level top the core transforms the oracle platform into application programming interface (api) provide oracle services. oraclechain core oraclechain core provides oracle, outcome tokens, and data feeder management and other basic services. oraclechain accomplishes the management oracle and data feeder this level. data feeders read the data based the requirements oracle and work with other data feeders complete the oracle answer. particular, oraclechain introduces the reward and penalty mechanism "reputation," the penalty mechanism "deposit," and the reward mechanism "oracle fees" complete the data feed process and finally provide answer oracle. data feeders work together complete oracle and share its benefit. data feeders can also discover abnormal data feeders and trigger the penalty mechanism through self-organizing methods. meanwhile, whistleblower can report any dishonest yet not easily detected behavior data feeders. oraclechain deliberately sets presbyterian mechanism, which consists the most prestigious data feeders the network form final group judges who adjudicate the malicious data feeds and reporting behavior, and trigger the penalty mechanism prevent malicious data feeder organizations (which not self-punish members the organization) and malicious whistleblowers. oraclechain services oraclechain services provide external services, such oracle platform, state channels, and services api. oraclechain implements the matching and billing oracle services this layer, which establishes the infrastructure capability oraclechain. the oracle platform will match oracle demanders and data feeder organizations. data feeder organizations may unconsolidated temporary organizations organizations that provide professional services. each oracle will state the cost, required organization mode, and participation thresholds data feeders. for example, total highly prestigious data feeders will needed, among which feeders have reach agreement complete data feed. the services api will designed more generic, line with the design concept the eos cross-chain and the need for easy and convenient development. oracle services can used for any eos application the oraclechain platform model. whether for high-frequency prediction market low-frequency agricultural insurance, oraclechain services can used truly serve the blockchain technology real life. data feed mechanism traditional centralized system, data are usually obtained directly from data source the form data input. this data source could within the centralized system from third party where the operation trusts and depends the data entered the data source. the data source acts upright, unbiased judge because could tightly controlled module within the system performed absolutely trusted third party, where the system works efficiently under the drive the data source. consider the decentralized blockchain situation depth. this simple question becomes complicated and will lead various questions, such "who qualifies for the trust all subjects the blockchain and can function the data source?" "who qualified determine the credibility the participants?" the sustainability credibility also subject doubt. however, after attaining higher authority, participant who consistently followed the rules and gradually accumulated credit has the potential evil. oraclechain proposes data feed mechanism assist the data collection and trust gaining processes blockchain under the background decentralization. oraclechain will use effective reward and penalty mechanism with the aim stimulating data feeders provide effective data feed service. all the data feeders, which regularly participate data feed, will attain high reputation and rewarded with oct. conversely, irregular data feeders will have low reputation and lose the oct risk fund they deposited the oraclechain platform. through this double-effect mechanism, which refer pord, oraclechain will effectively defend against hostile data feeders, thereby affecting the actual results oracle through malicious data feeds. clients need pay oct have access services, thereby achieving the closedloop circulation oct within oraclechain. the pord mechanism, each oracle corresponds smart contract. each oracle will have threshold for its reputation and deposit. active feeders the blockchain network can participate the data feed service the oracle only its reputation and deposit exceed its threshold. when specified conditions trigger oracle enter the settlement phase, the smart contract that corresponds the oracle will determine well-intentioned data feeds and malicious data feeds using its processing logic and parameter settings. well-intentioned data feeds will rewarded with increased reputation and oct deposit, whereas malicious data feeds will punished with deduction from its reputation and otc deposit. thus, the double-effect mechanism can ensure that the data feed service the entire system works properly. technological advantages the four technological advantages the oraclechain platform are efficiency, compatibility, participation, and convenience. efficiency fine-grained control block data and good parallel processing optimization are achieved the basic blockchain infrastructure. the architecture oraclechain can support second-level validation time and powerful transaction throughput. compatibility oraclechain can provide data services the entire eos ecosphere and ensure data transfer and connectivity intra-chain and extra-chain data through the crosschain mechanism the basic blockchain infrastructure. participation users can participate the global oracle consensus system and oct ecological operation through data feeds. unique governance strategies will encourage feeders comply with community rules and use the pord double-effect mechanism ensure the normal operation oraclechain. convenience oraclechain can provide more efficient and practical services api for other blockchain applications use oracle services. chapter governance architecture governance based blockchain systems has always been difficult issue. whenever upgrade needed, hard fork should implemented, which usually leads many arguments and discussions between all blockchain stakeholders. even simple approach like modifying any set variables the source code could become complicated, such the debate over the size the block and the segregated witness mechanism the bitcoin community, because clear upgrade path exists. achieving such agreement becomes more difficult when the interests end users and decision makers are inconsistent. fact, some complicated governance decisions, such fixing single smart contract error "the dao," could lead complex problems, resulting community fragmentation. the most significant cause these problems the lack clarity and transparency the definition the decision process for protocol upgrade modification. address this problem, oraclechain takes its own management part its community consensus. the oracle mechanism provided oraclechain used make the negotiation process effective and transparent possible. moreover, the consensus mechanism could defined multiple variables, which determine the function the system the modification certain parameter the system, such the basic cost using oracle services. the basic understanding community governance that the governance strategy hand over authority the highly prestigious feeders (users) the oraclechain network. that is, different levels governance activities require feeders reach different levels reputation participate such that users will have different effects the oraclechain based different reputation levels. feeders the higest level can granted limited and supervised permissions freeze accounts, update defective applications, and even propose changes underlying protocols. oraclechain users can learn how improve the protocol effectively setting the to-be-negotiated variables oracle and voting all levels the entire community. the governance strategy oraclechain can prompt feeders abide the data feed rules the community and maintain high reputation have powerful voice community governance. building oracle for potential problems, can help the community agree which version code use. each user will select the optimization measures, but simple default strategy will maximize its value. virtue the rational decision each user, many users will provide the correct direction for the entire oraclechain community. chapter implementation and iteration development roadmap oraclechain officially launched its roadshow china june the first demo system expected start the end the year. the official system will launched july during the entire r&d process, the oraclechain team will closely track the development progress the eos project and advance the project synchronously. ecosphere establishment oraclechain positions itself essential link that connects intra-chain and extra-chain data the eos ecosystem and cultivates more advance applications based it. the prosperity ecosystem depends more active participation from many talents. therefore, the oct allocation scheme the community promotion fund. the fund will used support several community activities, such hackathons, foster more developers. organizing these activities, also hope find excellent ideas and teams, develop more blockchain applications around the database services oraclechain, and promote the overall prosperity the ecosystem actively. chapter application prediction market oraclechain can applied the prediction market. prediction market applications based oraclechain basic services will provide unique value discovery for local and global economies. terms blockchain, two projects, namely, augur and gnosis, connect intra-chain and extra-chain data. these projects use the prediction market structure, which indicates that series processes, such community votes, can used generate fair data the blockchain import extra-chain data into chain. the prediction market structure can fully support scenarios that are low interaction with extra-chain data, such smart contract betting the outcome football match. however, for scenarios where the frequencies are high, high requirements are proposed for the real-time performances intra-chain and extra-chain data channels. oraclechain can support not only the low-frequency prediction market operation the traditional manner but also the offline capturing extra-chain data real-time multiple feeders and selecting outcome from the feeding data provided feeders and synchronizing the blockchain. eos blockchain ecosphere with various application scenarios, efficient strategy needed replace the inefficient offline supervision. solve this problem, oraclechain will ensure real-time and accurate service the connectivity intra-chain and extra-chain data through the selfgoverning structure the pord mechanism. insurance market oraclechain can used organize the price and income agricultural products decentralized insurance markets response the national call serve agriculturerelated issues. the traditional insurance industry, insurance companies assume the intermediary status absorbing and consuming risks. the emergence blockchain has made large-scale mutual insurances possible. however, such self-organizing insurance schemes are beset efficiency and risk levels, and they are difficult generalize. oraclechain provides alternative, particularly with respect the prices and income from agricultural products. june the general office the central committee the communist party china and the general office the state council issued "the suggestions accelerating the establishment the policy system promote new agricultural business entities" (hereinafter referred "the suggestions"). the suggestions propose that should actively conduct pilot projects, such weather index insurance, agricultural product prices and income insurance, "insurance futures," farmland water conservancy facilities insurance, and loan guarantee insurance. terms agricultural product prices, which are type concentrated risk, insurance companies cannot easily use the traditional "space time" risk-sharing model reduce their own risks. insurance companies can only use the "time" risk-sharing model. however, finding corresponding risk distribution agency difficult. oraclechain can develop various types smart insurances designated for agricultural product prices, which directly connect insurers and the insured. the purchase and compensation method based smart contracts will significantly reduce the cost insurance and directly apportion the concentrated risk insurance companies the individual risk takers. robo-advisor blockchain machine has many application scenarios. before smart contracts can truly automatically execute business logic real life, its primary job access external data and use the automatic function smart contracts based the blockchain execute business logic place traditional methods human involvement. roboadvisor refers virtual robot that based the financial needs customers, algorithms, and products, and performs the financial advisor services previously provided human beings. the blockchain, the functions robo-advisor are accomplished mainly through smart contracts. through the oracle smart contract mechanism, oraclechain can used detect and process the price intra-chain and extra-chain investment objectives, which can used establish the decentralized robo-advisor. investment objectives can either traditional financial targets blockchain assets. sports bidding oraclechain can provide decentralized data organization and processing scheme for sports bidding. gnosis reports that the online global sports bidding market large. the amount gambling fees regulated markets least billions dollars, whereas some estimates indicate that unregulated markets are times larger than regulated markets. despite considerable opportunities, companies and governments have been slow innovate under existing models. existing applications running isolated data and pools liquidity have limited accessibility and take long time promote new products the market. moreover, with the centralization services, users will encounter additional risks, such theft other failures, and unexpected problems payment. the main obstacles this centralized sports bidding service are data isolation and poor accessibility. without open, fair, and transparent access mechanism for the markets, products cannot provide platform model that promotes innovation, yet can undermined. oraclechain operates open platform, and the organization all the bidding results decentralized, fair, unbiased, and transparent. this manner, old and new participants can safely obtain operational returns the same platform, such increasing liquidity, which translates better odds. references nakamoto, "bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system," block.one,"eos.io technical white paper", block.one(zhao wei tan zhi yong song cheng gen @oraclechain,zi cen @yoyow ),"eos.io technical white paper(eos bai shu -zhong wen ban )", buterin, "ethereum: next-generation smart contract and decentralized application platform," consensys, visit the oracle, peterson and krug, "augur: decentralized, open-source platform for prediction markets," first published chinese june translated into english nov