whitepaper orbis worldwide money transfer and investment the purpose this white paper present the orbis financial blockchain system, and the accompanying orbs and orbis coins, potential investors and coin-holders. the information contained this white paper should not taken complete and exhaustive, nor should considered imply any resemblance contractual relationship. rather, intended only provide information potential users orbis technology, such coin-holders investors. they may use what they learn here determine whether they are interested performing thorough and well-researched analysis from here before investing capital into funding the growth orbis purchasing orbs/orbis coins. the orbs token has been developed utility coin and not sold used any jurisdiction where such sale use may prohibited. this whitepaper english-language guide and represents the primary information source for the orbis project and its accompanying coins. may translated other languages used the course communication with those who don't speak english, for the purposes delivering information orbis, but the accuracy such translations cannot considered official nor can guaranteed. the event conflicts contradictions, this english-language document shall considered correct. (c) orbis solutions content introduction orbis worldwide money transfer and investment: digital monetary sistem and blockchain technology orbis, the future descentralized money transfer, payments and investment ico overview, road map, team and coin distribution problems and solutions market size, projections and potential orbis vision orbis cryptoeconomy vision and businessplan competitive advantage marketing and sales strategy functionality orbis platform orbis descentralized desktop/mobile platform orbis wallet orbis exchange orbis coins orbis debit card ... orbis pos orbis savings security orbis mobile nfc payment system orbis worldwide branches and franchising orbis virtual marketing orbis invest and fund raising for start-ups and other ico orbis phylatropic vision (c) orbis solutions introduction orbis worldwide money transfer and investment payment methods using nfc mobile technology and debit cards offered orbis company will the next step reducing the flow cash money from the market. free wireless points sales offered will help small traders, entrepreneurs, self-employed, small well big business owners, receive payment for their services and products. the future represents simplicity and automation services! orbis worldwide money transfer and investment the future! all know many cryptocurrency projects and systems, like bitcoin, riple, viacoin and many other, only offer virtual services. come with fast, easy and cheap concept financial transactions, investment and marketing services bringing out user friendly services through intelligent marketing all social classes. our team's vision creating new worldwide financial branches, based blockchain decentralized technology. orbis team intends open physical branches all around the world that will have self-service atm machines and one kind virtual reality customer service desks that will automatic provide monetary deposit, withdrawal, transfer payment and investment services. orbis team will provide professional marketing and investment services based smart contract software helping startup companies evolve. orbis company will provide innovative transfer, payment and investment services using cryptocurrency tokens and block chain technology. this technology combined with mobile and computer software, will give mankind the opportunity make money transfers, investments and payments using our self-service machines, well personal smartphones and computers with internet access. having young, philanthropist vision, will also help the society, bringing technology places where people can't afford and helping the ones that need. youth the future, youth means new, original concepts that will change the world. (c) orbis solutions digital monetary system and block chain technology wireless money transfer and cashless payment systems have exploded all around the world over the last decade and half. global transactions this type grew from reaching nearly billion today. most recently, this growth has seen the introduction even newer and more mobile forms payment through solutions like apple pay, google pay, and others. these combine mobile payment technology with cryptocurrency software deliver their product. the near future, payments made through near-field communication such codes are expected rise above trillion dollars annually. adapt these changes, decentralized investment markets are setting the stage. these have peer-to-peer market structure, and such structure, investors interact directly with one another without the need for complex intermediary hierarchies. their devices act the points contact, and all transactional information distributed through algorithms programmed into the devices and their software. there need for centralized hubs trusted authority structure. this enables investors make decisions and for themselves, letting them use their own market information and make real-time payments accordingly, with lower overhead and fewer costs. universal transaction processing for cryptocurrencies against fiat-based goods and services practically nonexistent, and represents significantly untapped demand market which has exceeded billion and counting. (c) orbis solutions orbis, the future descentralized money transfer, payments and investment being able trade cryptocurrencies between ordinary, everyday users will require significant rethinking what services cryptocurrency provides. the orbis system can provide this -hour basis, either online in-person orbis branch. this will allow everyone access the benefits that cryptocurrencies provide them, including low transaction costs, no-limit transactions, fast payment, and the removal geopolitical barriers payment. approximately million people are using cryptocurrencies daily basis, with that number growing every day and expected exceed million the year satisfying this market quite possibly the largest financial opportunity the last several decades. the orbis system aims the best just this. (c) orbis solutions ico overview, road map and team investment the orbis team works hard ensure that they are providing useful service the world. our intention make life easier for every single one our customers. the pre-ico stage (from april) are offering bonus for all the buyers. our team aims release the platform may however, will releasing tokens advance its launch, with the starting price u.s. dollars. the minimal capital target will not achieved all funds will returned buyers accounts/wallets. intend this releasing futuristic payment platform with number novel features which will allow customers their banking, payments, and investing cryptocurrency and all one place. start date duration ico price orbs coins limit made coins minimal capital raise ico coin distribution supported coin market release date may days u.s. dollars orbsi coins u.s. dollars instantly orbis wallet later than august gift allocations for ico buyers (st may june gifts coins min. purch. orbs coins coins orbs coins orbs coins orbs coin gift allocations for ico buyers (th june july gifts coins coins coins min. purch. orbs orbs coins orbs coins orbs coin (c) orbis solutions february start orbis project march project design and team gathering may orbis block-chain platform concept testing with success july ico and marketing project done april pre-ico start april pre-ico finish may august release orbis desktop/mobile platform, orbs, orbsi coins, orbis wallet and orbis mobile app ico start july ico closing august listing and trading orbs and orbsi tokens most big exchanges september release orbis debit card customers october presenting orbis invest november presenting the orbis branches project (self-service cash dispensing machines customer service) december july presenting orbis phylatropic projects releasing public buy orbis franchise (c) orbis solutions orbis coin distribution legal and advisory referral program pre-sales coins team coins allocation raised funds legal services and license acquisitions team marketing salaries research blockchain development and development (c) orbis solutions the team youth the future, youth means new, original concepts that will change the world. mihail tudoroiu ceo founder orsika vitos alexander zamfiresku jaume casas marina arjona operation director project manager lead web developer design, multimedia and creativity design, multimedia and creativity cataleen johnnson eduard joseph anton rusnov financial director support manager lawyer banking, industry advisor cryptocurrenci specialist advisor integration seccurity web developer marketing specialist and orbis co-founder alexander ionescu block chain developer (c) orbis solutions problems and solutions the current financial system heavily centralized and mainly serves the interests only few major players. these are the banks and financial companies that see internationally today, which have vested interest maintaining their status quo. the rent-seeking behavior these enormously inefficient and largely stagnant corporate structures have become toxic the success and opportunity nearly everyone else the world. examples their failure include the global financial crisis and the european sovereign debt crisis these were both clear demonstrations that change was necessary. the related issues that orbis intends address are follows: the elimination high fees and costly barriers entry through the removal rd-party intermediary services significant reduction wait times transactions should near-instant, not beholden the business days and business hours traditional brick-and-mortar banks self-service and imposed limits removal complicated paperwork and bureaucracy all these and more will tackled the orbis desktop, atm, and mobile platforms, which will usable people all ages and will utilize simplistic, easy-to-use design. (c) orbis solutions market size, projections and potencial remittance, however, relatively new, and has tripled since the year the summit, was determined that money remittances should made affordable possible, and the world bank had initiated the remittance prices worldwide database. this allows for comparison between remittance prices around the world, and makes possible set benchmarks ensure the quality and availability such remittances. taking action improve one's job standing implicit assumption today's workforce. nowadays, people are far more inclined move for work than ever before. this has allowed the international money remittance industry grow unprecedented levels. remittance transfer funds made from foreign worker his her home country. most remittances are handled banks, but there are only three other institutions that dominate the entire western non-banking market for remittances. these are: western union, moneygram, and riamoney. between the three them, they possess over million retail locations around the world countries. although this may seem like large monopoly, they are actually now finally being challenged companies like orbis money transfer and investment. online service using (peer-to-peer) technology, can operate with significantly lower overhead and have lower fees than any other bank money transfer institution. also provide self-service system that competitor does. the amount money sent remittance each year roughly equal the amount money that donated international financial aid. for instance, these remittances totaled billion worldwide, with enormous chunk that billion) taking the form remittance developing country. it's wonder that people are doing this, however, when opportunities abroad are much greater than one's home country. it's not new phenomenon, either money (c) orbis solutions .orbis vision orbis crypto-economy vision and business plan the current rate bank account ownership around the world only the remaining mainly developing countries, not have any bank account whatsoever. this shocking figure, considering what integral part daily life bank account for the who have one. the past years, however, the volume cash circulation the world has barely gone up, while non-cash transactions have grown more than address this, global financial institutions have invested significant resources. mastercard and visa, for instance, among others, developed coalition with goal worldwide financial access their efforts will focus primarily countries, with most being africa. these countries comprise the total population who currently excluded from accessing bank account. orbis seeks bridge the gap, too. currently aim provide financial access million unbanked persons across latin america, africa, and asia through partnerships with banks. our self-service platform will provide accessible solution these people and allow them their first opportunity unlock the opportunities that finance grants them. these opportunities will include debit card ownership, smartphones with orbis payment apps, and and barcode scanning. see this better opportunity for the unbanked than what will offered them existing financial institutions, which are prone human error and can both time-consuming and burdensome. orbis offers solutions which are cutting-edge today's standards, these newly banked people won't playing catch-up. safe and limitless transfers, fraud prevention, fast transactions, and much more will all built into the system, from orbis branches chat robots. our team works hard ensure this development done right and done well. want ensure that once our platform released, lives our vision, changing the lives those who use it. are also actively helping develop businesses these places encourage and faster economic growth. (c) orbis solutions competitive advantage are actively working promote this technology through our orbis branch system, including access mobile payments and no-fee money transfers between billion+ people, unfettered high costs, time-consuming methods, human errors, service downtime. would providing unprecedented system that offers faster, cheaper, safer, and more reliable service than any our competitors. orbis worldwide money transfer and investment will bring brand new innovation this market through its use cryptocurrency. will also develop physical meaning for this sometimes obscure term, providing more than just digital token with virtual services that could disappear overnight. marketing strategy mission orbis aiming provide financial access million previously unbanked people latin america asia and africa with the partnership third party (bank) which can provide self-service accessible banking solutions. the orbis project will offer the chance previously unbanked people own debit card, smartphone with the orbis payment mobile app, barcode and codes checks, through the philanthropic project financed the companies' profits. the banks and the current payment transfer methods being conducted individuals has shown many human errors that can irritating and time consuming for clients. the amount which person can transfer will limitless done quick one way two way direction, preventing fraud and scams. orbis has designed safe system that will established orbis branches around the world with self-service cash machines, and virtual reality chat robots that can overtake time and human error problems. our team constantly working developing new features before the release that could ease many people's lives and making new sense also developing other new businesses, helping people run their own start-up more easily. (c) orbis solutions marketing strategy marketing research during the initial phases the marketing plan development, several focus groups were held gain insight into variety likely customers. these focus groups provided useful insight into the decision making process these consumers. target markets shocking may seem the developed world, the world's population, mostly comprised population developing countries, does not have bank account despite the increased adoption non-cash forms transactions (cards) with the volume having grown more than reach billion the circulation cash has increased only slightly across multiple markets during the past five years. global financial institutions invest significant resources into closing tremendous gap access banking. mastercard and visa, along with other financial institutions, shaped coalition partners last year reach universal financial access the coalition will focus efforts countries (mostly african), where all financially excluded people live. expats: person living and working outside their native country. age the largest group people having appropriate incomes. banked people: bank customers that use daily financial services. unbanked people: people that are unbanked undeveloped countries (c) orbis solutions marketing strategy positioning what our unique selling point? when positioning our services, will have take into consideration the seven attributes that the clients seek while looking for financial, money transfer services. these characteristics are the following (based research conducted cgap) accessibility many migrants, especially undocumented workers, prefer few identity requirements, but most formal money transfer operators must comply with some type identity stipulation. financial institutions can also set other requirements (e.g., opening bank account maintaining minimum balance) that impede the access poor people transfer services. confidentiality some clients prefer keep their receipt money transfers confidential (either reduce claims within the family, minimize the risk theft) and may favor using providers like specialized money transfer companies, that may have less stringent identity documentation requirements than multi-service financial institutions. cost and transparency most people seek transfer services that offer fees; attractive exchange rates; transparency fees and exchange rates both the sending and receiving ends. ease use people prefer limited paperwork send collect funds, especially they are not literate. some people prefer interacting with sales agent for reasons ease and personal service. others prefer the convenience and anonymity atms pos devices. (c) orbis solutions safety transfer operators must earn the trust migrants and their families. clients may reluctant seek services from banks formal financial institutions, due mistrust past experiences their home adopted country. many people prefer send money transfers through institutions that have track record handling transfers and other financial services, and/or belong larger, well-known international network. speed many people prefer "real-time" transfers, regardless the cost urgency the transfer transaction convenience both senders and recipients want transfer funds nearby locations and reduce other transaction costs, such travel time, travel expenses, and bribes paid for better service. marketing strategy strategies orbis strategy will based communicating our value the targeted segments. this will done through variety online and offline methods. the first method will the use internet marketing tools. being able engage with customers clearly and quickly can struggle when there are multiple time zones, countries and languages involved. our website will the main source information our services. will create strong content strategy, where not only explain the benefits our services, but will also educate the customers how use our services. the other form advertising will announcements popular ico calendars (coinschedule.com, coingecko.com, cyber. fund, icocrowd.com, icocountdown.com, ico-list.com, tokenmarket.net, and tokensalecalendar.com) and using social networks: youtube, facebook, twitter and linkedin provide with valuable information their customer's demographics, interests and buying habits. facebook the biggest social media platform with over two billion users. its advertising medium allows businesses easily target specific audiences based data that facebook has already collected from its users over the years. able track users' individual preferences for ads using algorithms target the best audiences for your ads. pretty smart, indeed. for every facebook page that you own, you are able "boost" posts selected target audience. can select your target audience based the following parameters: (c) orbis solutions location: country, zip code, city, region, address radius designated market area (dma) demographics: age, gender, language, generation, life events, political affiliation, relationships, and more. interests: here can target people based their personal interests such interests entertainment, shopping, fashion, food, fitness, family, business, and many more. these enable very specifically target certain people, for example, soccer loving mother large family that travels abroad every second month. behaviors: here you can target certain behaviors your audience such they're having anniversary soon, they're using mobile computer device, they are living abroad, and what kind digital activities they partake in. using these data will able analyze our potential target groups and create personalized messages. another source marketing will done with strategic relationships with companies that have similar customer demographics. alliances with banks, credit unions, postal networks and retail outlets allow leverage their strengths (proximity clients and established quality services) and overcome their weaknesses (limited transfer expertise, restrictions foreign exchange dealings, access payment system). the strategic relationship with mutually beneficial where both organizations will develop visibility for each other. (c) orbis solutions marketing strategy marketing objectives develop brand awareness through steady, month month increase new visitors our platforms. develop increase sales while achieving status quo state decrease marketing expenses. develop awareness the structured conversation system measured customers using our services. the orbis team's sales strategy will successful one. has already lead being one the leading companies working the cryptocurrency space include money transfer, banking, marketing, and development our platform. partner with chain markets, stores, and big business provide them with all their market needs while also establishing our payment method accepted and trusted brand. they introduce their clients our platform and our pos terminals. this win-win situation, and gives customers number benefits also. since offer the cheapest and most competitive service through our simple, easy-to-use platform, customers will intuitively prefer our platform. using it, they will also earning loyalty points used their own discretion for gifts or, some cases, cash back. all our marketing efforts, aim create urgently necessary product for our customers. (c) orbis solutions marketing strategy sales forecast the money remittances industry sees billion flow through annually. result, predict that within our company, should seeing cash flow roughly million per month within months launch. the month, expect this number have risen million. including the entire platform, such our pos and card payment system and our funding and management services, will see billion-dollar evaluation within years. (c) orbis solutions functionality the world cryptocurrency, markets are decided peer-to-peer exchanges digital tokens. buyers and sellers determine the prices through their own buy and sell orders, allowing for trul decentralized exchange value. for money transfer project like orbis operate this space, the following functions will our main priority: customers can use their own debit/credit cards our platform, performing real-time buy and sell transactions, have orbis debit card issued them. international no-limit transfer functionality for the settlement payments. this will include currency conversion for example, between dollars and japanese yen. orbis will provide short-term credit loans the form credit applications its users, issuing bill exchange between any parties who wish use this application. fiat currency transactions will also possible, not just cryptocurrency ones. interest will earned our orbis savings accounts having tokens stored them. buying orbsi tokens allows for hands-off investment, with their tokens appreciating value their own through the cryptocurrency market. orbis pos will allow wireless payment reality for all small businesses and entrepreneurs who requires such services, including self-employed people developing countries, such freelancers. (c) orbis solutions orbis platform orbis decentralized desktop/mobile platform our unique, decentralized platform unlike any other banking system available today, and can used easily anyone any age. although the underlying technology may not well-understood, see this opacity benefit after all, there need understand the inner workings mobile phone use it! orbis customers will able save their money, transfer their funds, invest, and receive credit funding for their businesses all with simple click button tap screen. some cases, there may customers who could misunderstand have questions about the platform. they will have the option all times speak with customer service chat robot. this software will available desktops, laptops, and mobile devices all kind. there will step-by-step usage instructions for each platform. orbis wallet like other cryptocurrencies, orbs will stored digital wallet. our wallets will built-in our platform, where customers will given the opportunity save, transfer, and invest their tokens worldwide the lowest exchange rates. orbis wallet will offer the most simplistic user friendly design can used clients from all types ages. the wallet will include transfer token account, investment token account, iban fiat currencies account and savings account. (c) orbis solutions orbis exchange orbis coins orbis decentralized exchange platform will used only purchase and sell orbiscoins and exchange them all fiat money currencies. being peer-to-peer system, the transactions will done almost instantly (with the best deal exchange the market) any bank account orbis wallet. usually cryptocurrency platforms own just single unstable price coin. our company comes with more than two tokens: orbis coin (orbs) and orbisinvest coin (orbsi) orbis facilitates customers the use the wallet having two types coins: orbis token created limited supply ... tokens which price will start $.. orbs token will used transfer funds safely not causing customers any money lose. orbisinvest token created limited supply tokens releasing price $.. orbsi token will used cryptocurrency enthusiasts and investors mostly hold and earn from the coin appreciation the cryptocurrency market. third-part (insurance company) will assure transactions and investments safety (c) orbis solutions orbis debit card traditional banking services issue cards that assure clients reach their fiat money. our company will provide iban debit card issued make easy access between our customers and their funds. this card can used any atm and limitless cash withdrawing the orbis branches. customers will also able integrate their own debit/credit card into our platform make deposit and withdrawal transactions their own other bank account. ... orbis pos most entrepreneurs, self-employed and many small businesses undeveloped countries use cash money perform their sales and service payments. orbis pos will come with little help making small business owners life more easily introducing them with our wireless point sale terminals for their payments orbis savings security storing your savings "under the mattress" unsafe, unhealthy and non-winning habit our company offers annual interest for storing your savings into our safe, virtual, anonymous, decentralized storage accounts. our platform will provided with non-stop security our team programmers and will insured with the best anti-fraud measures. the platform will use the new block-chain world identity network system, card scanner, verification and debit/credit card check, ssl certificates and authenticator. customer's deposits will ensured third party (insurance company). (c) orbis solutions orbis mobile nfc payment system for sending credit card information and pin numbers, typically contactless. payments are faster because the pin number signature not needed. also however, can cause the customer spend more since paying quick and easy. near field communication form mobile contactless payment, evolved from mobile and contactless payment systems the past. both types technology have gone through many changes and have merged together into technologies such nfc. smart-phones let customer store multiple credit cards and other payment methods all one device that the customer likely carry everywhere with them already. cuts out the unnecessary hassle texting swiping through menus make payments and yet still offers the security credit card. mobile payments aren't necessarily contactless payments. originally mobile payments and other mobile services, like mobile banking, relied text messaging complete transactions. many startup companies start out with text message services for customers and later move mobile apps and contactless payment systems that not require the user send receive text message. orbis offering one kind mobile app that embraces all the features digital wallets and nfc payments that will make life easier for millions customers that would like integrate their physical wallet safely their smart-phone. any device capable making payments using radio-frequency identification (rfid) technology using contactless payment technology. the device does not have smart-phone through this the most commonly used device for contactless payments. antenna and chip embedded into the device lets the customer wave their smart-phone over card reader make purchase. security for contactless payments the same for credit card. fraud protection laws apply, and secure channels and encryption are used (c) orbis solutions orbis worldwide branches and franchising the least but not last function our branches will the virtual reality information and customer service stands, where our customers will receive information from artificial intelligence human chat robot, using virtual reality technology, this consist stand with glasses that will transmute the customer into virtual chamber where will have the opportunity make virtual conversations with one our customer service chat robots. franchising method for expanding business and distributing goods and services through licensing relationship. franchising, franchisors not only specify the products and services that will offered the franchisees but also provide them with operating system, brand and support. being self-service business the monthly costs owning such franchise would insignificant comparing the profits. our vision, orbis will exist also physically well-developed self-service futuristic branches designed our designers. these will consist self-service atm machines which will have all the functions that our customers will have their smart-phones and desktop platforms and also cash dispersing function. owning orbis branches all over the world would almost impossible for single company the best chance bring the orbis concept worldwide would franchise the company can also share our profits with the community. (c) orbis solutions orbis virtual marketing our team not only formed from specialist, lawyers, business consultants and crypto specialists, also have wonderful colleagues that are specialized business marketing and management, one the most important part company. orbis team made young business visionaries has put the plan for bringing cryptocurrency and business another level, introducing new technology currents marketing and managerial services. our concept will offer also help for other startup companies with our futuristic vision. orbis virtual marketing combines new technology, virtual reality and artificial intelligence new concept marketing and managerial services, provided our company meant grow orbis project and also other businesses. (c) orbis solutions orbis invest and fund raising for start-ups and other icos cryptocurrencies being the considered virtual gold the money the future, have been surge interest recent years. the total market value cryptocurrency has increased from billion the start the year over billion today. sometimes seems like everyone talking about bitcoin and other currencies, yet less than the world owns any. capital flooding into cryptocurrencies and like all influxes money, some will find unproductive uses like the weaker icos with poor business cases and governance, but other new cryptocurrencies might provide good service certain customers that have the need for such blockchain protocols. orbis team enthusiastic knowing and helping other cryptocurrency projects that show big potential merge the cryptocurrency market, providing service for funding and also being part other big scale projects. (c) orbis solutions orbis philantropic vision august the world bank presented major overhaul their estimates global poverty, incorporating what they describe better and new data. the world bank's long held estimate the number people living the equivalent day has now been changed day. while the poverty the world getting better, orbis would like help the community making people lives all around the world better with our philanthropic vision. our team has set plan which our company will giveaway automatic produced qrcodes from our future self-service machines people need undeveloped countries that can used buy food and hygiene products from certain affiliated companies. more than billion people don't own bank account, fact that orbis will want help change and provide digital banking services for more than billion unbanked people until the year giving the opportunity these people least own debit card smart-phone that uses our technology. (c) orbis solutions