origami network protocol for building decentralized marketplaces using the ethereum blockchain whitepaper subject change more informations https://ori.network https://review.ori.network https://payment.ori.network table contents executive summary summary problems the origami network solves what the blockchain marketplace why ethereum about our company ... team with experience ... backed two french banks ... proven track record ... huge potential use cases online payments decentralized reviews secure shipping management origami network protocol modules origami marketplace ... overview .... summary .... actors .... origami marketplace features ... the market .... market overview .... customers using origami marketplace ... working product presentation .... dashboard .... order details .... commissions management .... events management .... product service details origami payment ... summary ... why ethereum smart contracts ... presentation the payment workflow ... origami payment api ... technical details the solution .... accepted currencies .... architecture ..... chain ..... payment overview specifications ..... other currencies accepted ... advantage the solution .... reduced fees .... buyers insurance with oracles .... for ori holders .... confidence origami reviews ... summary ... origami review vision ... presentation the review workflow ... reviewing system biggest issues and how tackle them ... origami review features .... unbiased system .... connected oracle .... seamless integration .... rewards .... built for marketplaces what the origami network token? technical informations benefits the token ... payment fees cashback ... participation the project decisions ... usable large set marketplaces and sharing economy platforms ... existing customers ... increasing demand origami network business model origami marketplace subscriptions origami payment fees the core team founding team the company when did start? why origami network? partners and advisors technical roadmap marketing roadmap the token sale token distribution the presale the crowdsale token sale bonuses token sale q/a funds allocation executive summary today's evolving blockchain technology allows companies run marketplaces (bc bb) for faster and cheaper than ever. but there are still problems with the current atmosphere. for one, the speed and cost which online marketplaces are developed and run can improved. secondly, this moment time, escrow payments are still very expensive and far from accepting crypto-currencies payments. lastly, the review process for online marketplaces contains several major flaws that must addressed before marketplaces can truly decentralized. origami network all-in-one decentralized protocol that solves several existing problems related online marketplace development and maintenance, escrow payments, and reviews. the origami network has working product and several customers already board benefitting from its technology. the origami network based three self-sufficient platforms: origami marketplace origami payment, and origami review. these complementary platforms can used modularized fashion together. the origami network the only lockchain-powered protocol that builds decentralized online marketplaces faster and easier than current models allow, while also utilizing blockchain-based escrow payments and improving review systems. the result faster, easier, cheaper, and more reliable marketplace experiences for both consumer and business owner. decentralized marketplaces allow redistribute value the people who actually contribute the most value the network. you can follow our project on: https://ori.network. https://review.ori.network https://payment.ori.network summary the origami network protocol rotocol for uilding decentralized marketplace. the main idea this protocol give our clients (eg companies that want launch their online marketplaces sharing economy platforms, major accounts who want build their online marketplaces) the ability build their online marketplace easily and get the benefits and power the decentralization through the ethereum blockchain. problems the origami network solves the main problems targeted origami network are: fees the centralized escrow payment systems are usually high, and cut the margin the marketplace operators. rigami network will reduce these fees, thanks the ori tokens. ore informations fees can found chapter "reduced fees" customer reviews are huge problem the online marketplace industry. need give back the power the customers and sellers through more secure and trustworthy review system decentralization will make this possible through: unbiased system which fake reviews are impossible and moderation transparent. shipping also big issue the online marketplace industry. will secure the shipping tracking retrieval through oracles avoid these issues. for example returned not sent packages will trigger automatic refund the customer. payment disputes server-centric payment, sometimes there are problems with refunds, payments. with the ethereum blockchain are resolving those issues. what the blockchain marketplace blockchain marketplace decentralized peer-to-peer network that directly connect consumers and sellers without any intermediaries. blockchain-based marketplace traditional marketplace origami network traditional platforms origami marketplace origami payment origami review amazon airbnb network model decentralized. supported users owned and regulated third party direct payment cryptocurrencies with origami payment and offer low fees personal information required and can hacked and stolen payments are instant and don't require any intermediary. traditional marketplaces lack transparency validation network prevents security problems. payments through third-party financial services with high fees personal information isn't required charges percentage every transaction (example amazon ~%) must comply with terms set the third party smart contract are unbreakable and executed automatically origami reviews will decentralize reviews management and improve the reputation management system sellers any marketplaces. manipulate reviews, post fake reviews, delete negative reviews, post negative reviews their competitors' pages. why ethereum have chosen the ethereum blockchain because those different benefits erc token standard that can easily used wallets and exchanges. know that scalability major issue the ethereum blockchain the moment, will enhanced regarding the technical roadmap ethereum chain. can connect decentralized oracles ethereum get informations from real world apis (such carriers...). have many more use cases develop this particular point. about our company ... team with experience our three co-founders are entrepreneurs since and worked during years the trading and financial area (customers: nyse, nasdaq, euronext...) ... backed two french banks are backed since january two french banks, cic (sixth biggest french bank) and bpi france (an investment bank). ... proven track record already have several customers. our greatest advantage that have existing customers that will quickly join our platform. ... huge potential sales online marketplaces cross trillion yet they still have solve lot problem inherent centralized marketplaces https://www.digitalcommerce.com////sales-marketplaces-grow--/ use cases this part will present you several use cases origami network. online payments origami payment decentralized payment system powered the ethereum blockchain with decentralized escrow for secure payments. using the power the thereum smart contracts technology, escrow payment management automatized, and third-party needed control the flow money. the result lower fees than any other escrow system (cf .... reduced fees decentralized reviews user reviews have dramatic impact the level trust marketplaces. this major challenge marketplaces they scale akin the -star problem uber drivers encounter--skewing results until they are unreliable metrics actual service product. source origami review will solve this major problem with blockchain-powered review system. every review authenticated, and solely users who have conducted prior transaction can post reviews. they this signing with their own private key before posting their review. also, review can posted only when the order delivered (information from oracles). https://www.vogue.com/article/uber-how-to-get--stars-rider-rating secure shipping management origami review will check the shipment tracking code the carrier the order apis using oracles (for example chainlink). oracles easily connects the origami review smart contracts and critical external data from carriers. origami network protocol modules origami marketplace ... overview .... summary origami marketplace the easiest all-in-one way create beautiful online marketplace. our solution based modules the core api: restful api front-office: open-source administration portal for sellers administration portal for operators .... actors operators: they are the people from our clients' team. they manage several aspects their online marketplace. even the reviews and the payments are decentralized, the beginning the life online marketplace, operators need recruit sellers that will sell their marketplace. they need work the marketing and advertising their marketplace. operators are important part the launching online marketplace. sellers: they are the companies/individuals that will sell the online marketplace. customers: the users that will use and buy (goods services) the online marketplaces. the blockchain technology will eliminate any intermediaries the management trusted reviews and escrow payments. .... origami marketplace features catalog (products services) front-office buying process multi languages customer accounts catalog management shipping management sellers backoffice order management data management after-sales management indicators commercial management list products services product/service information catalog for each sellers faceted browsing search engine multi-vendor basket customer login shipping and invoicing promotions order recap multi languages sign log order tracking and history after-sales adding/editing products/services products/services feeds offers and storage management carriers management tracking information management shipping costs management orders management products/services return management catalog export order information export customer information export after-sales management dashboard and kpi customer satisfaction coupons management configuration users management after-sales service payments and invoices sellers management operator backoffice vendors pim accounting management dashboard data web hooks api features multi-sellers payments security parameters management carrier management (express, normal...) users and roles management vendors buyers notifications system payment management taxes management vendor access management orders management vendor rating categories management properties management variations management products/services validation invoicing management accounting management commissions and subscriptions management dashboard order indicators kpi sellers and products rating import/export connection feeds connection alerting systems (texts, emails, slack..) product can sold several sellers escrow payments escrow payments the blockchain with origami payment https oauth ... the market .... market overview sales online marketplaces cross trillion yet they still have solve lot problem inherent escrow payment (payment repudiation, dispute, expensive ...). origami marketplace multilingual and multi currencies protocol, that can used worldwide, potentially addressing this trillion market. .... customers using origami marketplace several companies europe have already implemented origami marketplace. commentseruiner (internal project) marketplace selling original gifts using: origami marketplace launched more than monthly visitors minis moi marketplace selling products for babies and young children. launched more than sellers https://www.digitalcommerce.com////sales-marketplaces-grow--/ lapin blanc marketplace selling hand crafted products launched more than sellers more than monthly visitors commerce wallonie commerce wallonie belgian marketplace local products. the marketplace will launched february mendity lifestyle marketplace for men. launch: ... working product presentation .... dashboard dashboard for the operators origami marketplace: .... order details order details origami marketplace: .... commissions management operators can manage their commission profiles their marketplace. .... events management events manager origami marketplace (can trigger custom actions smartcontract, external services). .... product service details product details edition: origami payment ... summary origami payment decentralized payment system powered the ethereum blockchain and ori, erc token. this payment system enhances the buying/selling process with decentralized escrow for secure payments, third-party dispute resolution, and very low transaction costs. origami payment can integrated into new existing marketplaces and can also used marketplaces that don't directly handle payments yet. origami payment designed specifically for marketplace transactions where trust between the buyer and seller might limited. this payment solution helps online marketplaces businesses add decentralized payment with escrow the blockchain. will give our customers escrow payment service with very low fees compared other classic systems without blockchain and smart contracts. using the power the thereum smart contracts technology, escrow payment management automatized, and third-party needed control the flow money. the result lower fees than any other escrow system. our payment solution provides easy-to-use app and secure and easy integrate api. crypto currencies are the future and our belief that users might often choose pay with crypto currency instead the fiat. origami payment will accept origami tokens, ethereum and bitcoin (ori, eth, btc), and eventually other cryptocurrencies, well. ... why ethereum smart contracts you can refer why ethereum ... presentation the payment workflow ... origami payment api our api covers the operational cycle needed for online marketplace, including payin and payout transactions and wallet statements. agile escrow rules and payments upon delivery. buyer insurance for the delivery ... technical details the solution .... accepted currencies origami payment will accept several crypto-currencies: ori token ethereum btc fiat .... architecture ..... chain the origami payment module will based smart contract the ethereum chain (see why ethereum chain the beginning, accepted currencies the smart contract will ori token and ethereum. other currencies are discussed the following chapters. ..... payment overview specifications specifications the origami payment smart contracts will set follow: payin function: function pay good service the marketplace. the payment locked escrow wallet preventing sellers spend before the order delivered the buyer. transfer function: when the package shipped, the payment transferred the seller wallet. refund function: there problem the selling process, the payment transferred back from the escrow wallet the buyers' wallets. dispute function: there dispute running between buyers and sellers, the payment locked the escrow wallet until agreement reached. ..... other currencies accepted its deployment the ethereum blockchain, origami payment will not accept btc and fiat out the box. communicate with bitcoin chain, our team will using the tcrelay protocol https://github.com/ethereum/btcrelay the idea that btc payment will done the btcrelay smart contract then transaction informations will relayed through the origami payment smart contract. fiat payment will used first out the ethereum chain (classic fees classic broker), then smart contract (currently discussion) will set accept those currencies. ... advantage the solution .... reduced fees escrow fees are big issue the actual world online marketplaces. the following table displays the fees paid online marketplaces for the escrow payment system: providers fees sources mangopay eur. https://www.mangopay.com/ pricing/ stripe https://stripe.com/us/pricing baintree https://www.braintreepaymen ts.com/en-fr/braintree-pricing wepay https://www.investopedia.co m/articles/personal-finance/ /wepay-vs-paypal-fees.a https://ori.network origami network (for currencies other than ori) .... buyers insurance with oracles origami payment will connect decentralized oracles (e.g chainlink) validate that packages are really delivered unlock the payments. also, buyers can subscribe insurance for late delivery. partial refund will automatically sent depending the delay. .... for ori holders paying with the ori tokens, the fees will lower than with any other currencies. the discount will distributed cashback the buyers. .... confidence compared centralized solutions, our payment method will add confidence and security the payment processing. through our past several years experience creating online marketplaces, have detected major issues with the centralized escrow payment systems: buyers did not receive refund sellers did not receive payment fastidious disputes resolution those issues will tackled, every transactions are saved the ethereum blockchain. origami reviews ... summary mentioned earlier this white paper, research proves that one negative review from buyer (justified not) correlates with average decrease the growth specific seller's weekly sales from -%. source the unregulated nature reviews, combined with their importance the success marketplace, leads abuses from both buyers and sellers. origami review will solve this major problem with blockchain-powered review system. any review will authenticated, and solely users who had actually been through prior transaction would able post reviews signing reviews with their own private key before posting them. origami review will check the shipment tracking code the carrier the order apis using chainlink. chainlink easily connects the origami review smart contracts and critical external data from carriers. smart contract from origami review will then authorize the reviews from buyers. this will solve the review problems that all marketplaces have they scale. origami reviews will decentralize reviews management and organize the reputation management sellers any marketplaces. http://pages.stern.nyu.edu/~lcabral/workingpapers/cabralhortacsu_aug.pdf ... origami review vision origami review will: create global network trust increase trust each the platform individually the paradigm shift associated with mass adoption origami marketplace would see sellers from having separate identities and reputations across multiple platforms sellers having single identity that owned, controlled, and stored--immutable--in the blockchain. ... presentation the review workflow ... reviewing system biggest issues and how tackle them there are big issues commerce reviewing fake reviews lie buying experience buyer does not always submit review, more often when the process was flawless (people tends review the bad experience) ... origami review features .... unbiased system with the use the ethereum blockchain, fake reviews, moderation transparent and open. .... connected oracle chainlink easily connects the origami review smart contracts and critical external data from carriers and other data feeds. .... seamless integration marketplaces will integrate the review system through open api, without worrying about underlying smartcontract and blockchain. .... rewards the customer rewarded with ori when its review validated. can uses ori buy products with rigami payment .... built for marketplaces marketplaces are very different from classic e-commerce, our review system designed for multi-vendors systems. what the origami network token? technical informations the origami network token will the first usable erc token our payment platform and the only form payment where the fee does not apply. the ori tokens will have multiple usage our platform through origami payment, the ori tokens will payment method (without fees) and cashback asset, through origami review part the reward system. the customer rewarded with ori when its review validated, and through origami network, will allow ori holders part the project, getting voting rights next features benefits the token ... payment fees cashback since the payment ori will free fees, the sellers can decide redistribute the normal fees fees collected eth, btc payments) the buyers. this will lead better conversion. the sellers can also use their ori tokens attract more reviews for their shops. ... participation the project decisions ori holders will have set tools follow and participate the project decisions. origami network will built with the community. ... usable large set marketplaces and sharing economy platforms origami network spreads, the ori token will become usable very large set marketplaces and sharing economy platforms. you will able pay large set websites without fees and easily. ... existing customers our greatest advantage that have existing customers that will quickly join our platform. ... increasing demand origami network will installed new marketplaces, the ori demand will grow (needed pay transaction fees seller, pay transaction with cashback customers, get rewarded with the review system). since the ori not mintable, its real value will increase. origami network business model the origami network business model based several incomes: origami marketplace subscriptions origami payment fees origami marketplace subscriptions build and operate marketplace, marketplace operator pays subscription fees. the pricing follow note that set-up fees for origami marketplace are non-existent. pricing month billed every months pricing month billed monthly (+%) transactions per month eur eur eur eur eur eur eur eur eur eur quotation quotation origami payment fees paying with other currencies than ori, payment fees are applied. those fees are separated into two ways ethereum network fees origami network company the ori tokens are made seen fuel for both our reviewing system and payment system. the core team founding team bruitte julien, duquenoy alexandre, and pichon vincent are veterans software engineering banking and trading. learn more about the core team, please visit their linkedin profiles: bruitte julien, ceo: inkedin profile julien bruitte ceo "comptoir code" since former software engineer financial trading software services, now responsible managing the accounting the society, legal issues and administrative parts.he still works with the cto and the developers engineer the new project. duquenoy alexandre, cmo: linkedin profile alexandre duquenoy software engineer training. worked during years the major account "worldline" the banking and trading software area. entrepreneur since alexandre duquenoy quickly stopped the software development, becoming full time cmo his companies. with several formations through the euratechnologies accelerator, his years experience, alexandre duquenoy became full time chief marketing officer. pichon vincent, cto: linkedin profile vincent pichon experienced founder and cto with demonstrated history working the e-commerce and marketplace industry, passionate blockchain developer and former software engineer financial analysis tools industry. the company our company "comptoir code" exists since january and currently employs account manager, that responsible handling the customers' needs sales marketing responsible the origami marketplace marketing, and soon origami payment review full stack developer for managing the origami marketplace accordance with the cto two backend blockchain developers that created the smart contract token sale platform are currently hiring salesmen, software developers and account managers take care our upcoming growth. when did start? the origami network core team launched their first project together january and--already online marketplace: http://commentseruiner.com they then launched software development company, omptoir code (http://comptoirducode.com) january the online commerce area, followed their first e-commerce website ute land https://cute.land why origami network? decided the summer that could use, package and sell other companies the marketplace protocol developed for our own usage through our marketplace commentseruiner.com. started work origami marketplace the end origami marketplace was commercially launched april but escrow payment expensive area (around fees flat fees per transaction) with actual issues (payment disputes are hard solve). wanted add our origami marketplace technology the possibility have blockchain escrow payment with smart contract technology with low fees (around per transaction) and guarantee transparency this origami payment. origami network protocol for building decentralized marketplaces using the ethereum blockchain our country regulations rules does not allow disclose full informations open document. for more informations, feel free contact us.. partners and advisors the origami network team has been part the french accelerator euratechnologies since july and advises since then. euratechnologies home over startups, incubated and accelerated, well offices for several multinational companies. the origami network team also part the french entrepreneurs network reseau entreprendre nord". other investors note: cic: fourth largest bank france. they are early investors origami marketplace and invested february bpi france: they are early investors origami marketplace and invested february technical roadmap our roadmap will updated soon. https://medium.com/@origaminetwork/origami-network-project-update-april-th--e launching origami marketplace. work the origami network since more than year now. already have working product with origami marketplace, one the three parts our protocol decentralize the online marketplace stack. first customers origami network r&d origami payment soon origami marketplace was launched signed multiple customers france and europe. built their online marketplace using our protocol. parallel started our r&d origami payment. wanted anticipate the token sale and able talk details this part the network preparing the origami network token sale token sale beautiful project but also hard one. strongly believe our project and know our customers are happy with but also have convince group contributors join this project. had prepare and manage the launching our token sale. this time our team also developed our own token sale platform directly connected the ethereum blockchain (https://get.ori.network) with kyc and whitelisting. this platform can also good example what our team capable because are strong tech team that master the blockchain technologies. also developed the smart contract for the token sale. marketing roadmap targets the origami network the leading decentralized marketplace platform used worldwide origami payment available everywhere recognized payment services origami review the standard selling reviews ori.network leader the marketplace building industry for mid market origami review being used massively target major account customers (eg contract signed soon) recruitment key account managers origami payment the leading decentralized escrow payments with cryptocurrencies market worldwide, with mid-market retailers starting prospections major accounts (european french first) big presence international retail events consolidating market position mid-market retailers french european market. hiring english native speakers target worldwide retailers. hiring business developers specialized major accounts. the token sale token distribution reward our users and power the network company (locked for year) bounty and marketing the hard cap the origami ico eth. fifty millions tokens are existence, which (%) will sold during our token sale, (%) will set aside for our bounty campaign and (%) will used power the network (see our github for more details). the remaining tokens (%) will held the company for product development, marketing and legal fees. unsold tokens will burned. the presale the presale will run during days from february th, february th, the minimum contribution for the presale eth. everyone that registered our website ttps://ori.network before the february and that received validation email before the february will eligible for the presale whitelist. the crowdsale the crowdsale will run during days from february th, march th, min contribution for the presale eth. token sale bonuses during our ico investors will get bonuses they invest more than eth. you can see below all the volume bonuses. investor will get maximum discount depending the amount invested the moment invested. token sale q/a what are the results the pre-sale reached our pre-sale goals eth. the main goal the presale was test and valid the scalability and reliability our token sale platform that was built our team behalf what company ico staged? comptoir code sas: https://www.societe.com/societe/comptoir-du-code-.html where legally registered? france when will the tokens issued and made available buyers for free circulation? the tokens will unlocked days after the end the token sale, the march the hard cap not reached, will the shares intended for the company, bounty and marketing, reduced proportionally the sold ones? indeed. funds allocation