ding gold tandard crypto curre ncy abstract ormeus global announces the release ormeus coin (asset symbol 'orme'). the real-world value this new token secured and cryptographically linked publicly verifiable reserve bitcoin, the 'gold standard' cryptocurrency. the bitcoin reserve known the ormeus reserve vault (hereafter "orv") multisignature bitcoin wallet funded the ongoing industrial bitcoin mining operations ormeus global. these operations have initial baseline hashing power ph/s. this hashrate will continuously upgraded allocating proceeds derived from the sale orme tokens. unlike other static semi-static bitcoin-backed cryptocurrencies (which are historically highly speculative nature and backed token sales alone) ormeus coin will backed both token sales and geographically diverse industrial cryptocurrency mining operation. this predefined mechanism facilitate the continual accumulation hashing power will result the orv having constantly increasing reserve store bitcoin which effectively distinguishes orme stable "why bitcoin the new gold business insider." jan. http://www.businessinsider.com/why-bitcoin-is-the-new-gold-btcc--. accessed aug. store-of-value. roduc ion the paper: "bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system" penned the pseudonymous satoshi nakamoto appeared online. now, all know nakamoto's historic achievement: married the mathematical science cryptography with the digital world create what now know blockchain technology. over the last few years the world has started grasp the full scope nakamoto's genius the applications bitcoin's blockchain technology filter from the fringes into the mainstream. indeed, blockchain has gone from interesting but obscure concept the premiere financial technology jour explored the likes dell, microsoft, google, goldman-sachs j.p. morgan and other major financial and investment companies for its ability facilitate secure, encrypted, decentralized and anonymous transactions directly (without intermediaries) between parties since the advent that first white paper exploring the realms digital cash and the blockchain and its application the creation digital currency, numerous coins and tokens have been created. date, none have surpassed the popularity the first, bitcoin. bitcoin (btc) considered the "gold standard" cryptocurrency. the first btc transaction from nakamoto hal finney occurred january since then, approximately btc transactions have taken place around the world. btc can used for purchases ranging from new dell computer box groceries from whole foods market saved virtual wallet until the owner ready sell, exchange for another currency, buy something new. bitcoin has become its own currency new world that sees bank, government, the ultimate authority and arbiter its currency. this brave new bitcoin world, people are their own bank; each has the potential become our own source security. into this world that new coin appears: ormeus coin. the name ormeus play the medieval alchemist's term, orme, which refers turning base metal into gold. from archeological finds, biblical references, the recorded histories ancient egypt and others dated conservatively from the millennium through today, gold was and continues desirable currency and "goldman, jpmorgan invest blockchain startup..." dec. http://www.reuters.com/article/us-axoni-blockchain-iduskbn accessed aug. "as bitcoin becomes new gold, fed chairman calls for return ...." feb. https://cointelegraph.com/news/as-bitcoin-becomes-new-gold-ex-fed-chairman-calls-for-return-to-gold-standard. accessed aug. "gold: history" aug. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gold#history, accessed aug. store value worldwide. for centuries, people sought gold for its beauty and scarcity, which turn made valuable. the earth yielded its gold reluctantly, and only great cost; time, effort, and strength were required wrest this precious metal from the earth and refine its soft sheen. gold became the coin the realm, the object barter you needed purchase food, night's lodging, new horse, home. gradually, gold was replaced with paper currency well other base coins, made from metals such nickel and silver, which were valuable, although never valuable gold. paper currency, backed gold, symbolized the value bar gold but was easier carry for the average person. recently paper money the united states. was "pegged" gold. other words, the 'gold standard' both ensured and insured the value paper currency. when the u.s. dollar and other global currencies were divorced from the gold standard, problems emerged. inflation decline the real-world purchasing power) began devalue money; people found the dollar wouldn't stretch far once did. the gold standard, with its promise security, solidity, backing this what gave paper money its intrinsic value. what if, among the world emerging cryptocurrencies, new "gold standard" emerged? that gold standard is, course, bitcoin. due the ongoing decline value caused inflation standard world currencies, bitcoin has continued rise inexorably from around the time its launch all-time highs over (as this writing). not surprisingly, expected climb even higher the coming months and years. other cryptocurrencies within the marketplace scramble for acceptance and relevance within the community (and the world large), continues bitcoin that analysts from companies such goldman sachs and other major banks, financial news networks and media cite example, rubric and yardstick which the others are measured. bitcoin sets the bar high and others strive reach it. ormeus coin (orme) new cryptocurrency secured, backed and cryptographically linked the gold standard crypto: bitcoin. "bitcoin prices reach new all-time high over coindesk." aug. https://www.coindesk.com/bitcoin-prices-reach-new-all-time-high-of-over-/. accessed aug. "bitcoin price could hit years, says analyst cnbc.com." may. https://www.cnbc.com////bitcoin-price-forecast-hit--in--years.html. accessed aug. "here's what goldman telling big money clients about ... bloomberg." aug. https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/--/here-s-what-goldman-is-telling-big-money-clients-about-bitcoin. accessed aug. "bitcoin skeptic mark cuban invest cryptocurrency ... bloomberg." aug. https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/--/bitcoin-skeptic-mark-cuban-to-invest-in-cryptocurrency-fund. accessed aug. ormeus coin ormeus coin the name new cryptocurrency assembled team cryptocurrency experts, programmers, and developers. ormeus coin brings the "gold-standard" bitcoin together with the programmable smart contracts ethereum order create coin that has never been seen before the history cryptocurrency. cryptocurrency that backed bitcoin mining and designed outpace the growth bitcoin. kes ormeus uniq ormeus coin presents unique and powerful proposition value cryptocurrency strategically leveraging the individual advantages both the bitcoin and ethereum blockchains. benefits bitcoin bitcoin cryptocurrency that allows users transact value without requiring them trust third party such clearing house bank. this shift into "proof-based" transactions accomplished using the well-known mechanisms public key cryptography. the fundamental transaction specifications are summarized the following illustration from the original bitcoin white paper: transaction owner public key hash transaction transaction owner public key owner public key hash hash owner signature owner private key owner signature owner signature owner private key owner private key the impeccable design bitcoin prevents double spending and minimizes the risk attack making computationally impractical attempt unauthorized alterations the ledger. not only bitcoin designed secure method transacting value, but also designed increase value. unlike the dollar, bitcoin experiences deflation instead inflation. there limited quantity bitcoin million exact. because there limited quantity, when more people buy bitcoin drives the price because bitcoin becomes more and more scarce result. these fundamental attributes bitcoin combined with the "first adopter" advantage bitcoin being the first such technologies exist, has led the widespread acceptance and adoption see around the world today. this large scale adoption bitcoin and its continued exponential growth acceptance has made bitcoin the benchmark monetary value transfer the cryptocurrency economy. benefits ethereum the ethereum whitepaper, vitalik buterin (the inventor ethereum) writes that ethereum designed improve upon the pre-existing (bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies) concepts scripting, altcoins, and on-chain meta-protocols. these improvements allow developers create arbitrary consensus-based applications that have the robust scalability, standardization, feature-completeness, ease development and interoperability offered these different paradigms all the same time. ethereum accomplishes this building foundational layer that contains built-in turing-complete programming language that allows anyone write smart contracts and decentralized applications where they can create their own rules and functions. smart contracts are cryptographic "boxes" that serve purpose contain value. smart contracts are locked until predefined condition has been met. while bitcoin offers similar functions, ethereum's smart contracts are more powerful due their turing-awareness, value-awareness and blockchain awareness capabilities. ormeus coin synthesis both ormeus coin will backed bitcoin and company revenue. unlike other cryptocurrencies that are pegged the value bitcoin, ormeus coin already has bitcoin and blockbox bitcoin mining rigs that will back the token. one blockbox bitcoin mining rig capable producing bitcoin every days. ormeus coin currently possession two blockbox bitcoin mining rigs and will purchasing more time progresses. all bitcoin generated the blockbox mining rigs will reinvested into purchasing more. ormeus will providing way for token holders profit off both the increase bitcoin value and the company revenue. ethereum based smart contracts will contain predefined quantities bitcoin from the bitcoin mining profits. ormeus tokens will act keys that will unlock corresponding smart contracts that contain bitcoin. all ormeus coin activity and smart contracts can viewed and confirmed the public ledger order provide transparency and security ormeus coin holders. the synthesis the powerful attributes bitcoin reliable cryptocurrency with proven track record along with ethereum's revolutionary smart contract capabilities the solid foundation for ormeus coin which will allow continued scalable, and self-propelling growth far into the future. ormeus coin built ormeus coin built erc- compliant token the ethereum blockchain. the ormeus mining rig servers are located hong kong. the company has invested heavily into state the art, industrial-scale mining rigs and staff ensure smooth transactions with ormeus coin (orme). the orme enhanced smart contract (currently development) will provide built-in functions support: verification regular mining deposits from the ormeus mine that serves "proof mining" validate the ongoing robust operation the ormeus mining operations. on-demand verification the ormeus reserve vault (orv) btc balance through direct query the bitcoin blockchain showing the total available reserve. functionality "lock" and "unlock" the bitcoin deposited the orv the ormeus miners. specifications hash rate .th/s, .th/s, th/s, .th/s th/s, depending batch. variation +-% expected power consumption (.th/s batch), (.th/s batch), (th/s batch), (.th/s batch), (th/s batch) (at the wall, with bitmain's apw psu,% efficiency, degc ambient temp). expected discrepancy power efficiency j/gh the wall (with bitmain's apw psu, efficiency, degc ambient temp) rated voltage ~.v chip quantity per unit dimensions mm(l) mm(w) mm(h) cooling fans; front fan: rpm, rear fan: rpm operating temperature degc degc network connection ethernet frequency automatically set roa the following table displays the main objectives which make the core development roadmap for ormeus coin along with the corresponding timeframe targets (represented quarters the year such that "q-" january through april and on). the current status each respective item also presented either "complete" "pending". objective timeframe status build and initialize erc- ethereum token, "orme" complete assemble the core team and design the ormeus brand complete deploy baseline mining infrastructure ph/s complete construct and implement ormeus reserve vault (orv) complete develop and release enhanced orme smart contract pending launch the orme initial coin offering pending public exchange listing pending coinmarketcap.com listing pending petahash pending petahash pending ormeus atm pending ormeus debit card pending petahash pending altcoin smart contract pending petahash pending custom branded wallet pending petahash pending orme foundation charity profit donation pending orme foundation charity profit donation pending orme foundation charity profit donation pending hnic specif atio ormeus coin erc- token which built upon the ethereum blockchain. this specific classification token has fairly standardized protocol best practices which can reviewed length the official erc- token standard guidelines. ormeus coin ethereum contract wallet address: xebafdcdebbbddde ormeus coin was created with the following transaction: xbfbbfbcdedcccccabcacfcb the ormeus coin creation transaction was added the ethereum blockchain block the following table technical specifications for ormeus coin can viewed and verified with the etherscan tool located here: https://etherscan.io/token/xebafdcdebbbddde ormeus coin technical specifications blockchain platform ethereum contract type erc- ticker symbol orme coin name full ormeus coin issuer name ormeus global image png) pending divisibility (decimal places) initial issue amount "erc token standard the ethereum wiki." mar. https://theethereum.wiki/w/index.php/erc_token_standard. accessed aug. "ethereum project." https://www.ethereum.org/. accessed aug. "etherscan." https://etherscan.io/. accessed aug. pri vac sec urit the elements privacy and security are key importance and priority the realm blockchain and many the various implementations the technology exhibit diverse range methodology and schools thought. privacy often the notion that blockchain-based assets contain automatic anonymity talked about and is, quite frankly, not often the case. the implementation ring signatures (such the cryptonote-based blockchain monero), while having various potential weakness one the strongest privacy protecting measures yet discovered the blockchain space. the blockchains which have strong privacy protection unfortunately lend themselves being used for nefarious purposes such the popular monero mining malware. these negative applications are ones which ormeus coin effectively avoids operating the ethereum blockchain erc- token. while complete and total anonymity not available using the ethereum blockchain, this does not mean that privacy not available. fact, with both the ethereum and bitcoin blockchains, wallet addresses contain explicit pii (personally identifiable information). this helps ensure reasonable balance between the security privacy and accountability transparency. all transactions performed ormeus coin are clearly visible and the balance totals all ormeus coin owners clearly visible. view list the top ormeus coin wallets (also known the "rich list"), navigate the etherscan page located the following address: https://etherscan.io/token/tokenholderchart/xebafdcdebbbddde read more about privacy relates blockchain technology, read this article written vitalik buterin, the founder ethereum: privacy the blockchain. security ormeus coin fully secured with the same standards are employed the ethereum blockchain. the primary principles behind ethereum security leverage the technology public key cryptography carry out all manner functions. this form cryptography implemented numerous ways accomplish the desired functions the smart contract. read more about ethereum security methods and best practices recommendations, read the github guide consensys. "ring signatures umd department computer science university https://www.cs.umd.edu/~jkatz/papers/ring_sigs.pdf. accessed aug. "cryptomining malware nas servers" https://www.sophos.com/en-us/medialibrary/pdfs/technical%papers/cryptomining-malware-on-nas-servers.pdf. accessed aug. "privacy the blockchain ethereum blog." jan. https://blog.ethereum.org////privacy-on-the-blockchain/. accessed aug. "public key cryptography nrich.maths.org." https://nrich.maths.org/. accessed aug. "understanding public key cryptography technet microsoft." may. https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/aa(v=exchg.).aspx. accessed aug. "public key encryption tutorialspoint." https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cryptography/pdf/public_key_encryption.pdf. accessed aug. "github consensys/smart-contract-best ...." https://github.com/consensys/smart-contract-best-practices. accessed aug. ured gold tandard bitco the value orme backed the "gold standard" cryptocurrencies, bitcoin. the ormeus reserve vault (orv) multisignature bitcoin wallet address where mined bitcoin from the ormeus mine deposited backing security for the orme currency. the orme enhanced smart contract locks the bitcoin the orv using existing bitcoin protocol opcodes. all bitcoin produced the ormeus mine will deposited directly the orv. eus coin ering the ormeus coin offering private coin offering. conc lusion this white paper began covering brief overview the historical foundations monetary exchange and the many challenges presented the traditional systems money, followed description how ormeus coin connects into this timeline money and how ormeus coin will provide newer and more modern solution some the age-old challenges faced the old currency systems. next, general introduction ormeus coin was given along with overview the production process and issuance tokens. then examined the official development roadmap which describes those tasks which have been completed and those which are pending. also examined the technical nature ormeus coin being fully compliant erc- ethereum token and examined the elements privacy and security which are provided the ormeus coin smart contract token. then finally discussed the bitcoin backing ormeus coin scoi n.com