ors hypersmart contracts connecting a.i. blockchain hsc ors orsgroup turning a.i. blockchain into cash (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper executive summary connecting artificial intelligence and and blockchain for value chain optimisation (opening over a.i. algorithms the crypto community) business value chains are witnessing inescapable shift towards fully digital transactions. the multitude data available real-time (big data) will increasingly used optimize these value chains harnessing artificial intelligence and robotics. any value chain (bb, bc, etc.) basically composed three major "flows": (i) the flow goods and services; (ii) the flow information; (iii) the flow payments. efficiency the name the game, i.e. optimizing all three flows means reaching maximum efficiency ("efficiency singularity") terms optimal (faster, cheaper, better) distribution goods/services within the value chain from suppliers customers, which turn requires efficient sharing and transfer information and payments among the participants given value chain. value chains with centralized organizations can theoretically reach such efficiency singularity, while value chains with (partially) decentralized, independent organizations are very often not able optimally work together (in sharing goods/services, information and payments), mainly because lack trust. consequence, trillions value get lost every year due inefficiencies the mentioned flows. while a.i. algorithms can already optimize the flow goods and services within value chains which include decentralized organizations ("mixed value chains"), far groundbreaking technology was available solve the issue trustless participants not sharing information and payments the most efficient way. blockchain such technology and connecting with artificial intelligence the key enabling the achievement (quasi) maximum efficiency such mixed value chains. ors group has developed the concept hypersmart contracts, i.e. intelligent connectors (smart daemons with associated ethereum account) which (i) activate a.i. algorithms (off-chain) solve complex efficiency/optimization problems utilizing data stored on-chain independent, decentralized organizations; and (ii) can release instant crypto payments. thanks hypersmart contracts ("hsc"), the power a.i. can applied reach the highest possible level efficiency (and, therefore, profitability) the flows goods/services, information and payments within any value chain. ors group pioneer this area: for more than twenty years our ai-based software solutions have helped fortune customers from various fields automatically optimize trillions digital transactions daily. what makes such achievements possible are so-called hypersmart algorithms, i.e. combinable modules sophisticated algorithms. they are the building blocks for more than hundred proprietary software solutions (the "ors hypersmart solutions") sold global organizations (see www.ors.ai). (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper following our aforementioned business and technology trajectory, and harnessing our long experience providing innovative software solutions, more than hundred leading algo-scientists and developers ors are currently working connecting hypersmart algorithms with the decentralized information logic distributed ledgers (aka blockchain) and the use cryptocurrencies for instant payments. the development the ors platform marketplace (open third parties) for buying and selling algorithms and hypersmart contracts will enable both established businesses and new blockchain projects from the crypto community dramatically enhance their own business models and gain higher profitability and competitive advantage. hypersmart contracts, algorithms and other digital assets developed both ors well third parties shall freely tradeable the platform marketplace through ors' own utility token, the "orst". (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper contents the premise leading the merging a.i. with blockchain and the hypersmart contracts current limitations smart contracts hypersmart contracts the concept hypersmart contracts the starting point: ors group solutions based hypersmart algorithms and the rams platform architecture the platform and the utility token the marketplace hypersmart contracts: first use cases use case reverse auction supply chains use case demand planning use case the buy anything get anywhere (baga(tm)) use case with permissioned blockchain blockchain types the ors token development and business roadmap ico token sale summary token sale token sale and use proceeds kyc policy expenses and tier level level eur million level eur million eur million level eur million eur million level eur million and eur million reporting contributors our accountability with your contributions the orst, legal, and token sale (crowdsale) legal regulatory opinion glossary essential bibliography (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper important notice any information including facts, opinions quotations, may condensed summarized and expressed the date writing. the information may change without notice and are under obligation ensure that such updates are brought your attention. not express any opinion tax regulatory consequences. you are advised contact legal tax advisor should you have any questions before participating the token sale. not guarantee the accuracy completeness this document and not accept liability for any loss arising from its use. reserve the right remedy any errors that may present this document. any our affiliates and/or advisers and/or employees may have position holding, other material interest effect transactions any way related the described token sale. this document intended only for the person whom issued. may not reproduced either whole, part, without our written permission. the distribution this document and the offer and sale the tokens certain jurisdictions may forbidden restricted law regulation. the tokens may have market only restricted market. where market exists, not possible predict the price which tokens will exchanged whether such market will liquid illiquid. such pricing information tokens may very difficult obtain and the liquidity the tokens may not exist. (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper the premise leading the merging a.i. with blockchain and the hypersmart contracts the following global trends business technology lead our vision merging artificial intelligence ("a.i.") and blockchain ("bc"): (a) more and more transactions occur digitally; (b) blockchain based smart contracts can automatically handle and transfer assets between buyers and sellers, without the need external trusted authority; (c) a.i., machine learning and big data analytics algorithms, altogether here defined hypersmart algorithms simply a.i. algorithms, are increasingly being applied make transactions very smart and able deal with complex sets conditions and constraints, stochastic nature. therefore foresee imminent future which most business transactions any value chain are decided and executed hypersmart contracts, new concept for connecting a.i. algorithms with the decentralized information logic blockchain and the release cryptocurrency payments. ors are developing unique platform marketplace (together, the "platform"), which shall allow the selling and purchasing both proprietary and third parties' a.i. algorithms and hypersmart contracts through the newly issued ors token. addition, business users hypersmart contracts will enabled adopt cryptocurrencies within their own value chains improve overall efficiency and reduce time-to-market. our established international customer base, already using hundreds ai-based software solutions, will facilitate early adoption, fast growth and cash flow positive use the hypersmart contract sold ors over its platform. figure three global trends leading the adoption hypersmart contracts (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper finally, modern value chains are highly complex (think the iphone suppliers network worldwide) andcurrent require more and more machine learning big data analytics algorithms (here limitations ofa.i., smart contracts vsand hypersmart contracts defined "hypersmart algorithms") for stochastic and dynamic automatic optimization and execution trillions process-related transactions. the notion 'smart contracts' became generic term result the notoriety gained the etheindeed, transaction instead contracts moreon appropriate word for describing what the idea reum blockchain and the increasedistraction distributed ledger technologies. however, supposed automate adecentralized organizations, almost all businesses worldwide areon digital has been around for long time. nick szabo, the cryptographer known for his research currently structured. but although supply chains can already optimally and automatically run currencies, wrote article about smart contracts early mr. szabo defined the term algorithms terms goods ("what product shouldform, delivered from where, whom smart contract flow set ofofpromises, specified digital including protocols within which the and through what routing"), the exchange information (including documents) and money (payparties perform these promises'. ments) within such supply chains still sub-optimal due the lack trust among participants and due procedural result, thedigital flow goods iswould slower than what would the way histo article,constrains. szabo predicted that the revolution drastically change possible thanks hypersmart algorithms, which are speak "constrained" the cumbercurrently construct contracts. szabo saw early that computers were making possible run someness thethat documents payments cycles. the solution this issue, which very likely algorithms used and too costly, and believed algorithms eventually would developed for costing trillions every year, the connection hypersmart algorithms with the blockchain techwhat termed 'smart contracts'. the blockchain-based smart contracts, self-executing connology, creating the new concept hypersmart contracts, i.e. software optimizing andcryptocurrency autotracts, were developed automatically and securely execute obligations and release mating complex transactions, theofdecentralized information/documents payments business the basis very simple including and rigid set conditions (like for example, option agreemanagement and the instant release cryptocurrency payments successful execution. ment with triggering event escrow agreement) and without the need for intermediaries. although several business opportunities arise from the use the smart contracts, important limitations ought carefully taken into consideration. firstly, the current implementation smart contracts the ethereum platform not fully secured. the consequences unsafe and short-sighted design choices the programming languages can fatal for many businesses. have witnessed this the unfortunate epilogue the dao. since then, many other vulnerabilities smart contracts have been reported (n. atzei, secondly, contrast with contracts concluded form action, speech writing, smart contract 'just' computer program built code: still unclear whether can considered contract from the legal point view, whether has parties merely matter decentralized computer programming (lauslahti, mattila, seppala, addition, smart contracts are very "'rigid' because terms conditions are coded immutably and not subject real-life variability and construability demanding adjustments that only humans can decide upon. http://www.fon.hum.uva.nl/rob/courses/informationinspeech/cdrom/literature/lotwinterschool/szabo.best.vwh.net/smart_contracts_.html https://www.wired.com///-million-hack-just-showed-dao-human/ (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper yet another major issue that like any other piece code, smart contract can prone defects. however, unlike any other piece code, smart contract not patchable: hence, once deployed, contains serious defect, the smart contract could very harmful any dependent system additional limitation related the impossibility, design, changing the behavior smart contract response some external event (every change state blockchain must completely deterministic): this contrast with the fact that modern value chains are highly complex (think the iphone suppliers network worldwide) and require more and more a.i., machine learning and big data analytics algorithms (here defined 'hypersmart algorithms' simply a.i. algorithms) for stochastic and dynamic automatic optimization and execution trillions process-related transactions. indeed, 'transactions' instead 'contracts' would more appropriate term for describing smart contracts. smart contracts are supposed automate not only decentralized organizations but also existing centralized distributed business models. however, although value chains can already optimally and automatically run algorithms terms flow goods ("which product should delivered from where, whom and what route"), the exchange information (including documents) and money (payments) within such value chains still suboptimal due the lack trust among independent participants and due procedural constrains. result, the flow goods slower than what would possible with a.i. algorithms, which are speak 'constrained' the cumbersomeness the administrative and payments cycles. the solution this issue, which unnecessary costly the connection a.i. algorithms with blockchain technology, creating the new concept hypersmart contracts. hypersmart contracts optimize and automate complex business transactions, including the decentralized management information and documents, and the instant release cryptocurrency payments successful execution. matter fact, november, unidentified person deleted smart contract upon which parity multi-signature wallets' functionality relied, causing more than million worth ether being locked. see: http://read.bi/hhcdik (last visited dec pertinent mention, parity fixed previous bug july, which allowed million ether stolen. (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper the concept hypersmart contracts hypersmart contracts ('hsc') are ors sa's innovative concept integrating a.i. algorithms with the decentralized storage and the computing power blockchain contracts (e.g., ethereum smart contracts hyperledger chain codes) for optimizing business processes (the flow goods and information/documents) and automatically releasing payments for executing complex transactions for example supply chains. hypersmart contracts are smart daemons with associated ethereum account and can considered design concept connecting ai-based software (both cloud hosting and dedicated servers) with some key functionalities blockchain (smart contracts releasing crypto payments; decentralized document management). simple terms, connecting on-chain and off-chain 'worlds', developers and entrepreneurs especially from the crypto community can create compelling business models and software solutions. hscs help optimally decide and automatically steer business transactions across value chains and industries (including very innovative business models). hypersmart contracts can used overcome current limitations smart contracts, explained above previous section. the reasons behind such integration a.i.-based software and blockchain are follows: a.l. algorithms are increasingly being adopted for automatic steering and optimizing complex business processes real time under stochastic conditions ('digitalization'; 'industry .'; etc.) per the pwc report, a.i. could contribute trillion usd the global economy more than the current output china and india combined. this, trillion likely come from increased productivity and trillion likely come from consumption side effects. blockchain technologies permit the avoidance useless (and costly) intermediaries, performance operations untrusted environments and obtaining certified transactions data and more generally digital assets. the use cryptocurrencies can dramatically shorten payments cycles, allowing immediate transfer money (upon fulfillment conditions written smart contracts). accelerating digital economy, global value chains which often involve untrusted parties require faster and more optimized flows goods, information/data and payments. existing smart contracts are unsuitable for automatically executing and optimizing complex business transactions, the language only features some basic arithmetic, logical, and crypto operations (m. bartoletti, https://www.pwc.com/gx/en/issues/analytics/assets/pwc-ai-analysis-sizing-the-prize-report.pdf (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper figure ors hypersmart contracts nutshell from the technological point view, the ors hypersmart contract software program hosted the ors platform and with associated ethereum account. upon receipt specified amount ors tokens, the hsc can activate a.i. algorithms-based software solution solve complex optimization problems, which are parameterized with information previously stored third parties blockchain (different hsc can interact with different blockchain types). the uml sequence diagram figure shows more details the general working mechanism the hypersmart contracts. the left, two different actors are represented: master and participants. the master entity (an organization, person, software system), that needs solve complex optimization problem (both and bc); the problem can solved specific ors' certified third party's ai-based software solution (the 'hypersmart solution(s)') available the platform. get the problem solved, the first thing the master ought describe following the given specification syntax and write such information the blockchain (the hypersmart contracts are blockchain-agnostic, i.e., depending the business case, different hsc can use different blockchains). subsequently, and depending the business case, other entities the participants (an organization, person, software system) can the problem-solving framework declaring their contribution (typically, information such quantity goods, effort, etc.) the same blockchain. important notice that both master and participants rely the mining process the underlying blockchain, that guarantees integrity the data. public key cryptography can ensure secrecy and authenticity communications. after certain amount time, the master will activate specific hsc transferring well-defined amount ors tokens (again, each hsc will make its terms use publicly available). when the transfer cryptocurrency occurs, the hsc reads from the blockchain all the data related that problem-solving request and 'calls' the relevant hypersmart solution available the platform. after the computation, the resulting information written back the blockchain and available both the master and the participants. further steps may involve the same hsc with different parameterization and problem request may rely additional hsc. "uml the unified modeling language (uml) general-purpose, developmental, modeling language the field software engineering, that intended provide standard way visualize the design system" (source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/unified_modeling_language) (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper acting liaison between the on-chain and the off-chain worlds, hypersmart contracts are set deliver major improvements against current limitations smart contracts and will help achieve the following major benefits for users (both established businesses and innovative blockchain projects from the crypto community): the flexible architecture the ors platform will allow dynamic usage big data (both from businesses erp systems and from external/public databases). managing properly the stochastic conditions under which almost all and transac tions occur. allowing the fast and powerful computation required the modern complexity value chains and the use a.i. algorithms. open source and api-based coding shall enable third parties' certified offering innovative hypersmart contracts and solutions. near-instant value chains ('productivity/efficiency singularity'). facto elimination 'last mile' inefficiencies business transactions, due cumbersome management information and documents, and slow traditional processing bookkeeping and payment procedures. (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper figure ors hypersmart contract: the general use case (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper the starting point: ors group solutions based hypersmart algorithms and the rams platform architecture ors has its registered office lugano, switzerland and one the sister entities the ors group software companies (the 'ors group'). with over years software development experience, ors group pioneer a.i algorithms and provides optimization software solutions (a.k.a. hypersmart solutions), which model the underlying business processes and take decisions automated manner for fortune companies. the solutions cover all the relevant business processes value chains (from production and supply chain, sales marketing) across host industries. while not the object this document delve into the details the ors group hypersmart solutions, the reader can see them figure and obtain additional information from the website (https://www.ors.ai/index.php/en/). with hypersmart contracts, over proprietary a.i. algorithms and related software solutions, all easily pluggable, are made available developers and entrepreneurs worldwide, especially from the blockchain/crypto community. such modular software ecosystem, which the core the ors group platform (the 'rams platform) will constitute the base the ors platform for hypersmart contracts, a.i. algorithms and solutions and other digital assets. figure shows high-level view the current rams architecture. starting from the bottom, observe that several data acquisition modules have been developed, which allow the extraction petabytes data from heterogeneous sources: erp systems, legacy frameworks, open data portals and streams, social networks; currently, more than different api-plugins have been developed connect with several data sources and feed data lake based hadoop technology. following the figure towards the top, the data are extracted dynamically and demand from the data lake and organized multi-dimensional structures, called cubes. the cubes are the data structures from which the ors hypersmart contracts and solutions will retrieve data (in the figure are represented only few them, which are all web-based applications). figure the current landscape ors a.i. algorithms that will harnessed hypersmart contracts (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper figure high level view the rams architecture rams stands for risk and asset management studio (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper figure contains logical view the same architecture: shows how the rams platform 'looks' businesses/value chains like set assets (logistics, production, customers, etc.) with associated performances and risks. increasing performance and reducing risks require optimization, which the rams platform achieves through cutting-edge scientific libraries algorithms. figure logical view the rams architecture the platform and the utility token the ors utility token (the 'orst') ethereum based token compliant with the erc standard (see section for token details). the orst used for buying and selling hypersmart contracts, a.i. algorithms and solutions and other digital assets (together, the 'platform services') the ors platform marketplace (the 'platform') and activate such platform services (both ors' ones and certified third parties' ones). the marketplace the marketplace the part the platform for buying and selling the platform services (hypersmart contracts, a.i. algorithms and solutions and other digital assets), while the platform component the ors sa's open (to third parties) and hsc-based version the rams architecture created ors group. the first hypersmart contracts will created and published ors sa, thanks the vast library a.i. algorithms existing ors group, that established businesses and new blockchain projects can immediately take advantage all the already existing algorithms and related software solutions. operating speed, the platform will also host third-parties' certified hsc and a.i. algorithms: the certification process ors will ensure that the minimum level quality matched, predominantly but not solely security and reliability. the platform designed host not merely hypersmart contracts, but addition wider range digital assets, such as: (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper algorithms related software solutions will hosted special virtual machines, created demand, and scalable, solve specific optimization problems. since data 'raw' and algorithms work conventional exposed data, tools for declaring the shape the original data source and transform them needed the algorithms are needed and tradable too. data: ors group already handles huge amount proprietary and public business data 'raw' form. portions such data can exposed the market, that customers can buy and import such portions their own data lake (with provided etl functions). will also possible register external data sources and the streams collect such data: streams move and convert data the data lakes customers, who could use even trade the data the market place. addition algorithms and access data, the platform shall offer variety data services, start, ing from: iso-compliant data quality and cleansing: the big data world, quality data extreme importance. the iso/iec standards software data quality modelling (iso/iec and measurement (iso/iec define quality characteristics and metrics measure them. the ors group, contributor the technical commission that steered the work the iso standards data quality, will offer through the platform service check datasets against those iso quality dimensions that are sensitive the customers business cases. business intelligence ('bi') dashboards and reporting: all existing hypersmart solutions include dashboard designed with state the art user experience methodologies, which allow easy access and provide quick, holistic view all key performance indicators ('kpi') (see some examples figure the panel dynamic: pivot graphs, counters, grids, alerts, can added the fly the visualization panel. furthermore, kpis can custom ized composition basic metrics, and multidimensional data structures are created with zero latency. dashboards permit the analysis the demand (know what you are required do), resources (know what your capabilities are), model and decide (drive your decision model for taking optimal options) and alerted anomalies the data. (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper figure typical ors dashboards see iso https://www.iso.org/standard/.html and iso https://www.iso.org/standard/.html see http://www.uninfo.it/index.php/partecipare/aree/category/uninfo-sc (in italian) (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper hypersmart contracts: first use cases this section hosts collection first use cases hypersmart contracts decentralized and trustless parts value chains. use case reverse auction supply chains reverse auction (also known procurement auction) process where producer (the master) seeks new suppliers (the participants) through dynamic bidding process. the general procedure the following one: request for proposal (rfp) issued (usually via market maker the buyer's website) the reverse auction site, for group products services. the rfp open for specific time, depending the buyer's needs and the type products/services. interested suppliers contact the market maker (or visit the buyer's website) and place their offers (quantities, prices, delivery times, etc.). the buyer then awards the supply contract(s) the winning bidder(s). reverse auction mechanism useful because normally reduces the price the goods/services purchased. there on-going competition among suppliers for securing tenders which pushes the suppliers submit compelling offers and maximize their winning probability. however, from the perspective the offeror issuing the tender request, choosing the cheapest bid not equivalent making the best possible choice whole. multi-facet parameters ought considered: for example, the quality the bidder services (declared, inferred measured), all other relevant terms and conditions the offer, the capacity constraints the suppliers, the risk non-fulfillment delayed delivery, etc. figure hypersmart contracts integration a.i. blockchain technologies for maximally optimizing supply chain (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper these criteria need considered avoid least reduce 'hidden costs': wrong planning decisions, inefficiencies production and other processes the buyer's value chain, sale losses, lower customer retention and many others. including all such complex criteria for making optimal choice reverse auction process not easy task: given the tremendously high complexity modern business, common have compute thousands variables well several conflicting goals and constraints. solve such problem, necessary use big data optimization techniques and algorithms that leverage the latest findings artificial intelligence and related fields. for example, current ors group hypersmart solution optimally generates the distribution plans throughout complex supply chain network solving hundreds thousands optimization problems (each entailing million variables) seconds. the availability blockchain technologies adds now the possibility automatic execution such hypersmart solution decentralized and untrusted environment, both domestic and cross-border trades, eliminating the related paperwork and bureaucracy. figure the use hypersmart contracts the reverse auction case supply chain (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper the uml sequence diagram figure depicts how hypersmart contracts can used the supply chain reverse auction. the process represented the figure specialization the general use case illustrated figure the master the buyer that sends the distributed ledger the request for bids, thus initiating the reverse auction process (in the diagram imagined retail company, however can applied many other sectors). the request uniquely identifiable through label. potential suppliers (the participants) monitor the ledger, and when new request appears, interested, they can respond sending their offer the same distributed ledger: the format the request and the necessary parameters are specified upfront, while public key encryption offers solid mechanism for ensuring confidentiality. the blockchain mining process guarantees integrity the information provided both master and participants. the traditional auction process, after specified amount time, the master needs check the offers and opt for the best (i.e. optimized) solution: here where the hypersmart contracts play role. when the set time expires, all the master has execute payment transaction orst the specific hypersmart contract handling the reverse auction process. upon the reception the payment orst (that occurs real time also case trans-continental payments, differently from traditional payment systems), the hsc will retrieve the information related that specific request from the blockchain and pass them the off-chain hypersmart solution containing the dedicated algorithms for solving the optimization problem; the result the complex bidding optimization problem then written back the ledger: for the general hsc behavior, sensitive information the blockchain encrypted and accessible only for the hsc and master via the standard public-key infrastructure. the following steps can involve again the same hsc (differently parameterized) and/or other ones. the use hypersmart contracts reverse auctions provides several benefits, both for buyers and sellers. firstly, using the blockchain information layer permits much broader set suppliers participate the proposal (no pre-selection vendors needed): the expected result more dynamic competition and lower prices. secondly, the hsc permits fully automated auction, saving relevant amount time the final selection process. lastly, the format the proposals sent the blockchain and gathered the hsc allows not only easier and instantaneous direct comparison, but also specify through parameters large set business constraints and select the bidder(s) through optimization: matter fact, the current ors hypersmart solutions named raise automatically solves less than minutes over network flow problems, some which have variables (achieving for large international manufacturing and retail company the following results: inventories, back orders, goods movements, near zero out stock; all together accounting for eur yearly savings). (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper use case demand planning demand planning affected notorious problem: forecast inaccuracies cost billions every year almost all complex value chains, mostly due information asymmetries among the participants (see figure ors group, are already solving this problem with hypersmart solutions that produce and harmonize independent forecasts different hierarchies. the demand planning hsc shall link the blockchain-based collaborative information sharing possibility the off-chain artificial intelligence hypersmart solutions, creating fast collaborative, consensus-based forecast process aiming improving forecast accuracy for all participants throughout the chain. participation fostered the issuance crypto-rewards participants sharing both valuable and accurate information (the verification automatically performed specific hsc). public key cryptography ensures that information visible only the hsc. figure shows how the process works: information sharing for collaborative demand and supply planning obtained through the blockchain cryptocurrency payments are released reward for information (including estimates) sharing, accu racy and utility a.i. algorithms compute the fore casts, automatically exchange data with erp systems, discover informa tion incongruencies and inconsisten cies and general reduce forecast errors and therefore save money all participants the value chain the hypersmart contract 'buys' the computational services the algo rithms and delivers both the results well releases crypto reward payments some participants figure the consequences information asymmetries along complex value chains the first reward (participation reward) given all the participants willing share proprietary information, since their data valuable for improving demand and supply forecast accuracy. the second reward given certain (computed) information quality and utility criteria are met. *** defined upfront, for every communication specification **** http://www.ors.it/index.php/de/-ors-de/company/stories/-raise-the-scm-optimizer (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper figure the demand planning case with rewarding scheme (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper use case the buy anything get anywhere (baga(tm)) use case with permissioned blockchain optimal store inventory sizing well-known issue the retail fashion business: the dilemma stocking the right mix and quantity products, including customized stock keeping units (sku, product and service identification code for store product), non-trivial. when customers visit either the online sale channel the brick-and-mortar stores and they don't find the goods they would like buy, two major problems occur: (i) loss revenues (ii) customer retention and customer satisfaction are likely lowered. excess inventories would the easiest countermeasure, however this dramatically reduces profitability. the baga(tm) hypersmart solution solves this problem optimally balancing out multiple variables and constraints ensure fulfilment while maximizing margins. whenever customer wishes buy item not immediately available her channel choice (store online shop), baga(tm) finds that item nearby stores distribution centers and automatically initiates order fulfilment reduce 'lost sales'. using baga(tm), retailers are able rapidly serve customer requests while ensuring all the operational and financial constraints are met and thus optimize profitability. baga(tm) uses complex non-linear optimization function which unique for every single item requested customers. the a.i. algorithms solving the problem are executed scalable software environment, ensuring real-time response. figure shows how the baga(tm) hypersmart solution activated corresponding hypersmart contract, which uses permissioned blockchain shared (and decentralized) information layer. the first step the uml sequence diagram the setting constraints: using very intuitive user interface, managers can easily set various business constraints. few examples constraints that can set through the user interface are: distribution center (dc) store priority: for certain requesting store "a" this constraint set "dc", then the most convenient distribution center (dc) will chosen even picking from another store the network would better. this might necessary, for example, accelerate clearing before the new collections are stocked. quarantine new products: excluding new products for certain amount time might useful observe the new products sales trends. stores excluded: top sales stores with high product volatility may justify the need exclude store from the fulfilment network. the constraints are specified via graphical interface and then sent the blockchain pairs keys-values. please notice that the information stored the blockchain includes also inventory quantities for each item and location: such task easily automatized and permits the riddance centralized inventory systems. for the sake simplicity, figure inventory setting not represented, while the setting business constraints placed the beginning the use case: however, the reader should keep mind that they are modifiable any moment the users (figure shows that technical knowledge involved for defining business constraints through the dashboard commands). (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper figure setting business constraints baga the second step the diagram the item request made shop clerk when customer needs product with specific characteristics (e.g., certain combination size and color) that not available the shop. the request raised via graphical interface, and initiates the baga(tm)-hypersmart contract, after the automatic payment specified amount orst. once activated, the baga(tm)-hsc will notify all the participants the network (i.e., distribution centers and shops) about the item requested: this done putting such information the blockchain, while program the dcs/shops frontend monitors that blockchain. the request usually must satisfied real time, however there are also cases which such requirement not necessary: the diagram encompasses both cases. the first option (real time answer), when item request received the baga(tm)-hsc, the baga(tm) hypersmart solution the platform immediately activated: the constraints (regardless their number) are retrieved the baga(tm)-hsc from the blockchain, passed the baga(tm) hypersmart solution and checked determine whether the request satisfiable; positive case, first list eligible locations created. then the list further reduced excluding the locations not having enough stock (also considering the minimum stock threshold, applicable). once the new list eligible source locations defined, the most convenient location selected from expected net profitability perspective. figure baga dashboard configurable through plug and play addons (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper worthwhile mentioning that the optimization made the baga(tm) a.i. algorithms takes also into account the expected daily sales, inferred analyzing the log (on the blockchain) historical operations, with very high granularity: daily expected sales are calculated for each store, class and type, for each month. the forecast engine programmed with smart strategies adapt the different contexts; for example, adjustment towards previous seasons automatically made: new predictions are significantly higher (or lower) than previous season results, all the predictions are reduced (or respectively increased). figure the baga hypersmart contract (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper the inclusion the expected daily sales does not prevent baga(tm) finding the optimal solution real-time. the second option represents situations which real-time answer not necessary. imagine, for example, business customer who wants change the next three months all the uniforms her company: she chooses items several combinations, and not all them are available that moment the shop. such situation, the baga(tm)-hsc can work slightly different way. the steps the optional boxes figure the diagram refer this case: after the request received the baga(tm)-hsc and all the participants are notified monitoring the blockchain, there time window which the participants can proactively offer provide the items requested specifying delivery time and additional parameters. this done sending the offer the distributed ledger. the elapse the time window, the baga(tm)-hsc retrieves the offers from the blockchain. the offers collected will included (and, potentially, prioritized) the baga(tm) hypersmart solution. one (or more) offer selected acceptable solution, the participant will rewarded with certain amount orst. both urgent and not-urgent requests, the selected participant receives the order ship the item, while all notifications (including inventory updates) are sent the blockchain. the use the ors hsc conjunction with the blockchain fosters higher participation between shops/distribution centers, with respect the current baga(tm) hypersmart solution; also provides additional data improve the precision the baga(tm) a.i. algorithms with more detailed and updated information the demand curve, retrievable from the blockchain. additional and remarkable advantage using the baga(tm)-hsc combination with the distribution ledger, the possibility for independent third parties -such franchise companies- participate the sku provision call with their offer: fact, the blockchain guarantees data certification even untrusted environment, while the off-chain intelligence hsc ensures optimal profitability and service level. conclude remarking that the baga(tm) hypersmart solution includes dashboard, designed with state the art user experience methodologies, which allows get quick, holistic view all kpis (see figure the panel dynamic: pivot graphs, counters, grids, alerts, can added the fly the visualization panel. furthermore, kpis can customized composing basic metrics, and multidimensional data structures are created with zero latency. (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper blockchain types hypersmart contracts are blockchain agnostic: each business case requires careful analysis which blockchain infrastructure and typology (e.g., permissions, consensus mechanism) should used information layer. the reason lies the fact that hypersmart solutions cover very wide range application fields (energy, finance, retail, industry logistics, etc. and domain requirements are disparate that unique silver bullet works for all them. initial reference points are ethereum (buterin, for the permission-less blockchains and hyperledger fabric (cachin, for permissioned ones. further blockchain solutions might considered case case logic, including experimental developments such the lightning network (poon dryja, that proposes off-chain transactions overcome the blockchain scalability issues (conoscenti, vetro, martin, the ors token the ors utility token (the 'orst') ethereum based token compliant with the erc standard. the means transacting within the ors platform. ors decided use its own native token instead using already existing cryptocurrency (e.g., bitcoin, litecoin, zcash, ether, etc.) create specific marketplace for hsc and for all other platform services offered established businesses and the crypto community. the use ethereum the coin backbone allows scalable transaction infrastructure with international access: the platform designed foster smooth micro transactions for buying modular, computationally complex services (the hsc and the related a.i. algorithms and solutions, etc. the use native token will incentivize companies and the crypto community join the platform for both buying and selling the services and will also help developers and scientists worldwide monetize their talent and knowledge. addition, the ors utility token will used reward and complement remuneration for developers and affiliates, order engage them and improve their commitment towards the project. with such characteristics, the orst can attract several typologies buyers: established businesses: buying a.i.-based hsc for optimizing all flows (goods/services; information; payments) key processes their value chains developers and scientists: buying and using hsc, a.i. algorithms and solutions, etc. devel high competitive business models; selling and monetizing own hsc and algorithms innovators blockchain/ethereum projects: buying the platform services for differentiating own blockchain ethereum projects; selling innovative projects fortune already served the ors group the orst does not have the legal qualification security, since does not give any rights dividends interest. the orst final and non-refundable. the orst not share and does not give any right participate the general meetings the company. the orst cannot have performance particular value outside the ors platform. after the orst are used the first time buy products and services offered the ors platform, part the orst will gradually reintroduced the market, order sustain the liquidity the tokens. see http://www.ors.it/index.php/en/solutions off chain transactions represent one the main solutions proposed the well-known blockchain scalability problem, especially relevant data-intensive applications (conoscenti, vetro, martin, https://theethereum.wiki/w/index.php/erc_token_standard (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper development and business roadmap the development the ors hypersmart contracts, which include the corresponding a.i. algorithms and/or solutions, and the development the platform will follow iterative-incremental process, with the significant advantage that the starting point the existing and running ors group rams platform well over a.i. algorithms and over software solutions for optimizing value chains. the planned roadmap represented figure the initial development (phase step will produce the first hypersmart contracts and base functionalities the marketplace and the platform. from the phase third-parties' hsc, algorithms and solutions will allowed hosted (upon successful certification process ors while the development the platform will proceed until its final release the latest. the long experience ors group developing sophisticated software solutions, including platforms, and delivering them time demanding international customers the best guarantee that the development and business roadmap the ors platform for hypersmart contracts will duly and professionally executed, achieving all set goals. step first customer implementation; completing the dev. all hscs; trial version m&p step step releasing marketplace platform; customers roll-out developing the first hsc (linked hypersmart algorithms); developing marketplace platform ("m&p") step developing further hscs; setting-up networks thirdparty certified contributors; developing m&p figure development and business roadmap (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper ico token sale summary proceeds from the token distribution event shall used fund ors the development carried out companies the ors group all hypersmart contracts and the platform, well operations, hr, sales and marketing expenses, g&a and all necessary other expenses and investments. the ors token will the native currency used for functioning and operating the platform. short, the main and only purpose the ors token used utility token buy services and products available the ors platform. token sale today, ors has already sold (without any bonus discount) high net worth individual (hnwi) certain amount orst equivalent eur million. the remaining proceeds are collected through the main token sale which shall take place within march/ total million ors tokens will issued during the main token sale. the orst will issued price eur per token. there will total ors tokens existence and they will issued within weeks from the end the main token sale. only the total existing orst will available buyers and any unsold tokens shall burned the end the main token sale. the exchange rate ether orst will set hours prior the main token sale. the following table summarizes the details the ors token sale: token issuer ors total tokens existence tokens sold via the token sale tokens kept ors which will have months lock-up period; the remaining will have months lock-up period tokens available for the bounty program tokens allocated advisors tokens available for the ors manage- ment team, developers and employees short name orst type erc ethereum blockchain accepted cryptocurrency and fiat money ether kyc requirement participate the yes token sale (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper price per orst (at the token sale) eur. (equivalent price ether will the ors token sale will single sale updated shortly before the token sale) process without any bonus discount price and/or volume estimated main token sale april cet hard cap the token sale minimum buying limit minimum amount raised eur million (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper token sale and use proceeds funds raised during the contribution period will used fund ors sa's development and distribution hypersmart contracts and the platform. the software development and the initial commercial distribution shall mainly carried out companies that are part ors group together with blockchain developers and project managers who will partner with ors over the period time. funds raised shall also used finance operations, hr, sales and marketing expenses, g&a and all necessary expenses and investments ors sa. the use proceeds from the ors token sale budgeted here below: development expenses, including (hypersmart contracts, marketplace, platform) g&a and legal marketing distribution investments (hosting, etc) figure planned use proceeds from the ors token sale kyc policy even ors not qualified financial intermediary, considering the established reputation and tradition transparency ors group, ors committed adopting recognized best practices, too. therefore, the ors token sale will require kyc (know your customer) protection measures. kyc form for buyers the orst will available www.orsgroup.io. the participants the token sale are aware that ors can refuse any payment which not compliant with the kyc procedure. (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper expenses and tier level the current project very cost intensive terms implementation, ors will only able implement certain portion the project once various levels funding, mentioned herein below are achieved. this section, underline the business setup that will able construct based upon the contribution receive during the ors token sale. propose the following plan based upon the expected orst sale contributions. level eur million achievable: all hypersmart contracts all hypersmart solutions the marketplace the platform, without functionalities for third parties and without advanced functionalities (see data services section level eur million eur million achievable: all hypersmart contracts all hypersmart solutions the marketplace the platform, without functionalities for third parties and without advanced functionalities poc (proof concept) with one the customers ors group level eur million eur million achievable: all hypersmart contracts all hypersmart solutions the marketplace the platform, with functionalities for third parties (including the certification process) but without all advanced functionalities limited initial roll-out some the customers ors group level eur million and eur million achievable: all hypersmart contracts all hypersmart solutions the marketplace the complete platform, including the functionalities for third parties (and the certification process) and all advanced functionalities the international network with universities and research centers the initial roll-out some the customers ors group several distribution agreements with vars (value added resellers) please note that will not collect more than eurm from the token sale; the unsold ors tokens shall destroyed. (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper reporting contributors our accountability with your contributions ors group have established tradition transparency and accountability standards towards all stakeholders and this includes regular reporting, audited financial statements, iso certification and the likes. ors clearly committed the same standards towards its stakeholders, firstly towards the buyers our tokens (the "contributors"). contributors shall kept informed about the use proceeds from the token sale and the stage development the planned activities the company through formal business report the end each fiscal year. the business report will disclose the following information: percentage contributed amount spent the preceding year, commencing from the date the conclusion the ors token sale the last report ending date; percentage contributed amount spent product development, one fiscal year, com mencing from the date the conclusion the ors token sale the last report ending date; percentage contributed amount spent marketing and public relations expenses, one fiscal year, commencing from the date the conclusion the ors token sale the last report end date; percentage contributed amount spent further expenses, one fiscal year, commenc ing from the date the conclusion the ors token sale the last report. addition, the audited financial statement the company will published our web page. (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper the orst, legal, and token sale (crowdsale) legal regulatory opinion general information the orst does not have the legal qualification security, since does not give any rights dividends interests. the sale orst final and non-refundable. orst are not shares and not give any right participate the general meeting ors sa. orst cannot have performance value outside the ors marketplace and platform. orst shall therefore not used purchased for speculative investment purposes. the purchaser orst aware that national securities laws, which ensure that investors are sold investments that include all the proper disclosures and are subject regulatory scrutiny for the investors' protection, are not applicable. anyone purchasing orst expressly acknowledges and represents that she/he has carefully reviewed this white paper and fully understands the risks, costs and benefits associated with the purchase orst. knowledge required the purchaser orst undertakes that she/he understands and has significant experience cryptocurrencies, blockchain systems and services, and that she/he fully understands the risks associated with crowdsales well the mechanism related the use cryptocurrencies (incl. storage). ors shall not responsible for any loss orst situations making impossible access the tokens, which may result from any actions omissions the user any person undertaking acquire orst, well case hacker attacks. risks acquiring orst and storing them involves various risks, particular the risk that ors may not able launch its operations and develop its blockchain and provide the services promised. therefore, and prior acquiring orst, any user should carefully consider the risks, costs and benefits acquiring orst the context the crowdsale and, necessary, obtain any independent advice this regard. any interested person who not the position accept understand the risks associated with the activity (incl. the risks related the non-development the ors platform) any other risks indicated the terms conditions the crowdsale should not acquire any orst. important disclaimer this white paper shall not and cannot considered invitation enter into investment. does not constitute relate any way nor should considered offering securities any jurisdiction. the white paper does not include nor contain any information indication that might considered recommendation that might used basis for any investment decision. this document does not constitute offer invitation sell shares, securities rights belonging ors any related associated company. the orst just utility token which can used only the ors marketplace and platform and not intended used investment. (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper the offering orst trading platform done order allow the use the ors marketplace and platform and not for speculative purposes. the offering orst trading platform not changing the legal qualification the token, which remains simple means for the use the ors marketplace and platform and not security. ors not considered advisor any legal, tax financial matters. any information the white paper given for general information purpose only and ors does not provide with any warranty the accuracy and completeness this information. given the lack crypto-token qualifications most countries, each buyer strongly advised carry out legal and tax analysis concerning the purchase and ownership orst according their nationality and place residence. ors today not financial intermediary according swiss law and not required obtain any authorization for anti-money laundering purpose. this qualification may change case ors will offers services which are considered qualified financial intermediation activity. this case, the use the ors services may require the positive conclusion aml/kyc identification process. orst confer direct indirect right ors sa's capital income, nor does confer any governance right within ors sa; orst not proof ownership right control over ors and does not grant the controlling individual any asset share ors sa, the ors marketplace and platform. orst does not grant any right participate control over ors sa's management decision-making set-up, over the ors marketplace and platform and governance the purchasers the tokens. regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing businesses and operations associated cryptocurrencies the world. that respect, regulatory measures, investigations actions may impact ors sa's business and even limit prevent from developing its operations the future. any person undertaking acquire orst must aware the ors business model, the white paper terms and conditions may change need modified because new regulatory and compliance requirements from any applicable laws any jurisdictions. such case, purchasers and anyone undertaking acquire orst acknowledge and understand that neither ors nor any its affiliates shall held liable for any direct indirect loss damage caused such changes. ors will its utmost launch its operations and develop the hscs and the ors marketplace and platform. anyone undertaking acquire orst acknowledges and understands that ors does not provide any guarantee that will manage achieve it. the conclusion the token sale, the orst shall issued and delivered the contributors means technical process ethereum smart contract. this open source protocol over which ors has rights liability terms its development and operations. the token distribution mechanism will controlled smart contract; this involves computer program that can executed the ethereum network blockchain network that compatible with smart contract programming language. purchasers orst therefore acknowledge and understand that ors (incl. its government bodies and employees) assumes liability responsibility for any loss damage that would result from relate the incapacity use orst, except case intentional misconduct gross negligence. (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper orst based the ethereum protocol. therefore, any malfunction, unplanned function unexpected operation the ethereum protocol may cause the ors marketplace and platform, and/or the orst, and/or any other operation ors malfunction operate way that not expected. ether, the native ethereum protocol account unit may itself lose value similar way orst, and also other ways. representation and warranties participating the token sale, purchasers orst (the "purchasers") agree the above mentioned legal and regulatory opinion and particular, they represent and warrant that they: have carefully read the terms and conditions attached this white paper and available www.orsgroup.io; the purchasers agree their full contents and accept legally bound them; are authorized and have full power purchase orst according the laws that apply their jurisdiction domicile; are not u.s. citizen, resident entity "u.s. person") nor are they purchasing orst sign ing behalf u.s. person; live jurisdiction which allows ors sell orst through crowdsale without requiring any local authorization and are compliance with the local, state, and national laws and regul ations when purchasing, selling and/or using orst; are familiar with all related regulations the specific jurisdiction which they are based and that purchasing cryptographic tokens that jurisdiction not prohibited, restricted subject additional conditions any kind; will not use the crowdsale for any illegal activity, including but not limited money laundering and the financing terrorism; have sufficient knowledge about the nature the cryptographic tokens and have significant experience with, and functional understanding of, the usage and intricacies dealing with cryptographic tokens and currencies and blockchain-based systems and services; purchase orst because they wish have access the ors marketplace and platform; are not purchasing orst for the purpose speculative investment usage. (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper governing law arbitration the purchasers acknowledge and accept that the ors sa's token sale taking place within swiss legal environment that still under development. the purchasers and ors agree seek amicable settlement prior bringing any legal action. all disputes arising with regard this with paper shall resolved arbitration accordance with the swiss rules international arbitration the swiss chambers commerce force the date when the notice arbitration submitted accordance with these rules. the arbitration panel shall consist one arbitrator only. the seat the arbitration shall lugano, switzerland. the arbitral proceedings shall conducted english. orst will not listed any regulated stock exchange, such six swiss exchange, six. these terms have been prepared without regard the legal standards for prospectuses under art. art. the swiss code obligations the legal standards for facilitated prospectuses under art. the collective investment schemes act ("cisa") art. ff. the six listing rules the listing rules any other stock exchange switzerland. neither these terms nor any other material relating the token sale, ors orst will have been filed with approved any swiss regulatory authority. specifically, these terms will not filed with, and the token sale orst will not supervised the swiss financial market supervisory authority finma (finma). furthermore, the sale orst has not been and will not authorized under the cisa. thus, the protection which given purchasers interests units collective investment schemes under the cisa does not extend purchasers orst. (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io ors whitepaper glossary baga buy anywhere get anywhere blockchain business intelligence distribution center hsc hypersmart contract kpi key performance indicator ors ors group orst ors token smart contracts sku stock keeping unit(s) uml unified modeling language essential bibliography buterin, (). next generation smart contract decentralized apllication platform. cachin, (). architecture the hyperledger blockchain fabric. workshop distributed cryp tocurrencies and consensus ledgers. conoscenti, m., vetro, a., martin, (). blockchain for the internet things: systemat literature review. the third international symposium internet things: systems, man agement and security (iotsms-). lauslahti, k., mattila, j., seppala, (). smat contracts how will blockchain technology affect contractual practices etla reports vol. pp. bartoletti, (). empirical analysis smart contracts: platforms, applications, and design patterns. atzei, (). survey attacks ethereum smart contracts. international conference principles security and trust (pp. -). uppsala, sweden: springer. poon, j., dryja, (). the bitcoin lightning network: scalable off-chain instant payments. (c) ors all rights reserved www.orsgroup.io