more intelligent platform designed for higher liquidity dec www.otcbtc.com white paper project background with blockchain technology developing quickly and gaining increasing usage most sectors, the activities the global otc(over-the-counter) trade has been boosted and the use cryptocurrency have gained serious diversification, especially regards trade and business models, which connects the otc and the exchange more closely. the exchange between cryptocurrency and fiat money vital the ecological chain cryptocurrency. present, cryptocurrency and fiat money can only traded through the otc most countries the world. general, there fixed place, provisions for membership and strict regulations for otc. mainly person-to-person trade conducted individuals through private negotiation. otc currently developing rapidly all around the globe. the chart below part the btc-cny otc trading volume movements that happened per day certain platforms introduction otcbtc platform overview currently, localbitcoins the largest otc for cryptocurrency the world. localbitcoins was founded and mainly deals with bitcoin, without supporting other currencies. however, with the the rapid development the blockchain technology, over the years, least two hundred more cryptocurrencies have appeared besides bitcoin within the past years. apart from bitcoin, there also strong demand for many other cryptocurrencies listed otc market, such cryptocurrencies eth, eos, ltc, usdt, qtum etc. are becoming hot cake demand. moreover, trends are changing fast, many other cryptocurrency exchanges springing like mushrooms, the demand for otc platform too increasing sharply. nevertheless, there has been revolutionary changes the field otc trading platforms for years. this article focuses smart digital trading platform otcbtc, which charged with responsibility allowing your assets flow freely. what otcbtc? otcbtc was founded september taiwanese development team who were fascinated with blockchain technology. with adoption kyc (know your customer) procedure and impartial scoring mechanism, otcbtc committed providing global users with secure, easy-to-use and reliable blockchain powered service engaging its rich experience exchanges and applications foreign finance, order create smart trading platform that allows your assets flow freely. what otcbtc has achieved: with its advancing technology, otc trades between three fiat money (twd, hkd, cny), and within just one month eight cryptocurrencies (btc, eth, eos, bch, qtum, gxs, zcash, usdt) can now traded otcbtc. irrespective location, people can now trade cryptocurrency easy and secure way with online payments. sellers can post sale offer the platform with explanation payment methods and exchange rate, allowing buyers the liberty choose suitable seller trade with directly online according their own needs. during the trade, the cryptocurrency locked within the encrypted wallet the otcbtc platform. users trading this website are all subject identity verification through the kyc mechanism. reliable and convenient for users consummate the entire trade here. only takes minutes make average otc deal otcbtc. what forthcoming otcbtc platform: based the existing otc trades, otcbtc platform developing smarter and more advanced exclusive engines and mechanisms enable semi-automatic otc trade way substantially increase trade efficiency. otcbtc will publish ios android apps significantly accelerate the trading through mobile devices within six months. otcbtc will develop trading interfaces english, japanese, korean and russian versions within six months. trade support for the exchange between least ten major fiat and cryptocurrencies will enabled within six months. will significantly optimized according different trading practices and conventions each country. otcbtc currently has been talks with number cryptocurrency wallets, discuss the integration built-in otc trade entry. otcbtc will develop unique mechanism dramatically optimize the liquidity among cryptocurrency assets, therefore all businesses will not limited only otc trade. the ultimate goal develop new type and fully functional exchange distinct from existing exchange mechanisms. data otcbtc: //, the project completed its cold start without any endorsement from cryptocurrency celebrities. days after opening: the single-day turnover reached million cny, while the cumulative turnover was million cny. days after opening: the cumulative turnover reached million cny. days after opening: the single-day turnover exceeded million cny. days after opening: the cumulative turnover reached million cny. days after opening: the cumulative turnover reached million cny. days after opening: the single-day turnover recorded million cny, while the cumulative turnover reached million cny. operational data after days opening dayg' number registered users have grown more than with least active users every day. more than orders were accumulated. the cumulative turnover reached million cny, while the highest single-day turnover came million cny. the day after opening, the company profitility rose with commission .%, and the profit still growing rapidly. six cryptocurrencies eos, gxs, bch, zcash, qtum, usdt are available online speed one currency every week. net promoter score scored points, new world-record that far exceeded the average value the general internet industry products and even many first-tier exchanges points). (page views) was among which the highest uv(un-repeat visitors) was single day. the average length stay users was bounce rate .%. advantages otcbtc platformg' safe and reliable otcbtc adopts advanced multi-cluster system architecture ensure security, stability, high performance and scalability. functional deployment and update without downtime was enabled maximizes user's experience. total liquidity average, there are orders concluded otcbtc every minute, with each order being delivered not more than one minute. the provision adequate liquidity for the platform gives users good trading experience. support variety fiat money the platform currently supports three types fiat money twd, hkd, and cny for otc trading. the future, more than fiat money will online, promoting the liquidity assets different countries around the world. support variety cryptocurrency average, one token listed per week. present, the platform has implemented eight cryptocurrencies: btc, eth, eos, gxs, bch, zcash, qtum and usdt. more cryptocurrencies with high market share will available the future. swift iterative development the development team consists famous elites the internet industry. they have better nose for product and faster technology iteration, which significantly exceeding the industry level normal exchanges. all customer requirements can achieved timely. efficient and smooth the platform provides users with ultimate experiences efficient and smooth way, because the trades otcbtc can delivered within only minutes average. trustworthy and credible the platform drastically reduces the risk fraud otc trading platforms introducing the professional kyc mechanism. through sophisticated safety detection mechanisms and easy-toread well high-quality teaching documents, effectively improves the customer's awareness account keeping and reduces the risk account intrusion. the same time, the anti-money laundering mechanism has been strengthened through professional third party (jumio, document verification system adopted mainstream currencies globally). till now, accident has occurred which the customer's atm card was frozen. professional service the platform customer-oriented provide users with caring services, fast kyc verification, and good trading experience. user-friendly interface web version mobile version (under development) project team: yiting cheng (xdite) the founder otcbtc champion facebook world hackathon ico.info cto led the team develop and launch project within days otcbtc.com ceo led the team develop and launch project and within days continuous entrepreneur with technical background and ten-year experience development, who had served technical director several multinational large and medium-sized technical development teams the past. taiwan's well-known growth hacker team performance: otcbtc website, breaking even and making profit within days. project roadmap: otcbtc online otb token ico launched otcbtc mobile apps are released exclusive express trading system online launch its exclusive matching engine multilingual version supported otb token the token issued otcbtc platform otcbtc token, referred "otb" for short. the total number otb million and will never increase any more. the otb decentralized blockchain digital asset based ethereum according erc standard. value otb offset trading fee otb will activated online set off against the transaction fee the platform. matter what token you trade, you need pay the trading fee and you had held enough otb, the system will discount the fee that you have pay and convert the value otb market capitalization. then you can pay the trading fee with otb. first year: second year: third year: fourth year: after the fifth year: discount fast trading bridge otb will part the fast-trading system, serving mechanism for fast settlement and bridge guaranteed function improve the trade efficiency the platform. otb repurchase mechanism otcbtc will use the quarterly net profit repurchase otb every quarter after the matching engine launched. the repurchased otb will directly destroyed and the buy-back records will released immediately. users can search information through the blockchain browser ensure that keeps open and transparent until only million otb are left. funding utilization plan the funds raised from public sale will used for the functional development, system operation and maintenance the otcbtc platform, including rewarding team members and r&d expenditure. used for branding and operation promotion the platform, including continuously promote and popularize the platform traditional industries and blockchain industries, and provide financial support for various marketing activities, ensure that the platform can gain market recognition within short period and rapidly attract trading users; the funds will retained the company pay various emergency spending. otb ico rules ico period: total token supply: million. distribution: million otb are for the exchange within the website. the team will keep million for the expense development and marketing (unfreeze otb tokens years). million are owned early-stage investors. price: will settled accordance with the proportion sales after issuance. token involved: can only purchased with eth. the target number eth. the contribution did not meet the standard, certain amount tokens would destroyed proportion. distribution rule for crowdsale, while held the team and held the early stage investors. participation rule otb token crowdsale starts from (utc taipei) december the official website. december will only open mil members from earlier events complete the contribution: mil members' maximum contribution eth, and enjoy discount. failure contribution shall deemed waiver the users and the retention quota overdue. december will open users with limit contribution. users who participate ico december can enjoy discount failure participation shall deemed waiver the users and the retention quota overdue. from december december other otcbtc platform users will have the opportunity participate the ico, and there maximum contribution. there will gift token discount this stage. maximum contribution rules: the contribution limit due announced between december and december (settlement cycle: the contribution limit can increased three ways: users post sales offers otcbtc and your each successful trade equal cny order, more "contribution limit" will added eth. inviting friends into otcbtc. friends "who post sale offer and their each successful trade equal cny order the maximum contribution limit can increase eth. note: the maximum contribution only the maximum amount for common users who can participate ico december convert. whether not participate the ico depends the remaining number tokens real time. risk warning and disclaimer this document for informational purposes only and does not constitute any advice regarding the sale and/or purchase otcbtc's shares securities. any proposals solicitations alike will made under credible terms and with the applicable securities laws and other relevant laws. the above information analysis does not constitute investment decisions, specific recommendations. this document does not constitute any investment advice, investment intentions instigation investment the form securities. this document does not constitute and should not understood any offering involving sale purchase, nor any invitation buy sell securities any kind, nor any formal contract commitment. otcbtc clearly expressed the intention remind the user understanding the risks otcbtc platform. any users who participate ico regarded have understood and accepted the risks the project, and willing bear all the corresponding results consequences personally. otcbtc clearly disclaims any direct indirect damages that result from any participation the otb project, including: any economic loss caused the user's own operation during trade; any errors, omissions inaccuracies made the individual's misunderstanding; personal economic loss and any resulting behavior when trading various blockchain assets the otb utility token used the platform, instead any investment tool tokenized securities. can not guarantee the rise otb value, which some cases may also have the potential suffer impairment. people who not properly use their otb may lose the right use otb and may even lose their otb. otb are not type ownership right control. controlling otb does not mean the ownership otcbtc its platform. otb does not grant any individual any rights participate, control, make any decision regarding the otcbtc and its platform. risk reminder many cryptocurrency exchanges ceased operation due security concerns. place great emphasis safety, but there absolutely safety the world, for example: losses caused force majeure. promise everything possible ensure the security your trade. please carefully evaluate your financial situation and sure that you are able withstand the risks involved the project. faq how should participate the ico? this ico only allows otcbtc users participate: mil members will participate the retention quota purchase december all whitelist user have retention quota eth, which guaranteed convertible success and the same time enjoy gift token discount. the user does not participate ico timely, then will viewed initiative give up, retention quota overdue and discount invalid. users with the "contribution limit" will participate the limited quantity contribution december participating users can enjoy gift token discount that day. the contribution limit fails participate ico the day, will regarded initiative give up. retention quota overdue and discount will become invalid. ordinary users can participate ico from december without limit credit. there will gift token discount this stage. what contribution limit? mil members have retention contribution limit eth, only valid december users who meet "maximum contribution" condition are qualified retain "contribution limit", which will only valid december and can viewed https://otcbtc.com/ac count/tokens. (note: the contribution limit only the maximum amount that the user can purchase december and success not depends the current remaining number tokens the project.) from december all users the platform will have the right purchase all the remaining amount. when does the ico start? mil members can make contribution since december when participating ico retention quota, have the limit december and purchase all the remaining amount during december the user who have the "limited contribution" can start purchasing december and can participate contribution limit december and purchase all the remaining amount during december well. open all other users from december total contribution did not reach the cap public sale, how would you deal with the remaining tokens? the platform allows million otb for public sale. the total contribution does not reach the limit ico period, the corresponding otb tokens share will destroyed. will the token issued again? otb has totaled million, and will never issued any more. what's the date for settlement and payment? the final amount token purchase has been settled otcbtc's personal wallet december, there lockup period for the otb this sale? otb token for this sale the public has lockup period. the ability otb tokens could transferred within the website has been enabled since january, when can transfer otb tokens own wallet? will listed? which exchange will listed on? after the trading engine has been launched crypto exchange, otb erc token can transferred your wallet. will firstly listed the exchange otcbtc. what the business model this project? otcbtc will pay the quarterly net profit from the platform repurchase otb every quarter after the launch matching engine. the repurchased otb will directly destroyed and the buyback records will released immediately. users can look the information through blockchain browser ensure that open and transparent, until only million otb are left. where otcbtc registered? taking any risk violating local regulations? otcbtc operated and registered taiwan with the company name anjiaosuo technology ltd, whose legal adviser wiseteam law firm. taiwan, cryptocurrency considered type commodity. according local laws, the company can legally practice otc trade and the exchange both fiat and cryptocurrency. contact telegram community english https://t.me/otcbtc_en chinese https://t.me/otcbtc_cn official blog https://medium.com/otcbtc project details https://otcbtc.com/account/tokens