last update march the easiest way buy digital currencies with fiat. oxycoin white paper table contents abstract introduction the first problem: user-facing limitations introduction the second problem: developer tool limitations our vision the solutions technical summary oxycoin(r) mobile application technical summary oxycoin(r) software development kits and oxy token use cases mobile app features the plan early supporters program new approach early supporters program bonus structure ico initial coin offering overview ico funds distribution ico oxy distribution distribution calculations fundamentals distribution calculations equations distribution calculations example distribution calculations example distribution calculations example end (c) oxycoin. all rights reserved. oxycoin(r) trademark registered benelux office for intellectual property. abstract this paper, present high-level overview the oxycoin(r) mobile application: the one place that contains everything cryptocurrency investors need right their fingertips. this mobile application will enable investors easily purchase cryptocurrencies directly with fiat (i.e. usd eur), manage all their wallets and passwords, implement user-friendly global address book, and will the information hub where they can access any information they need make informed investment decisions. result its simplicity, believe the oxycoin(r) mobile application will pave the way for mass adoption cryptocurrencies. this paper will also contain overview the oxycoin(r) software development kits which will serve solutions another large problem software development tool limitations that also hindering cryptocurrency mass adoption. after completing our first milestone, the oxycoin(r) mobile application, will release "enhanced decentralized software development kit" which will allow non-blockchain developers build decentralized applications (dapps) using javascript and enable something truly powerful that has never been possible before mobile and web applications interacting with decentralized applications! with these powerful tools being placed the hands non-blockchain developers, many exciting oxycoin(r) token uses cases will made possible. the purpose this document illustrate the vision the oxycoin(r) team, explain the problems that are solving and how are going achieve our goals. there will separate technical paper which will further elaborate the technical fundamentals such how the dpos (delegated proof stake) blockchain will used, the network infrastructure, security, and core functionalities the mobile application and future developments. (c) oxycoin. all rights reserved. oxycoin(r) trademark registered benelux office for intellectual property. introduction the first problem: user-facing limitations for many years, the cryptocurrency community has steadily grown, but the fact remains that this community still the early stages expansion. reputable media outlets have started reporting the progress mostly the price bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. more exciting news stories are reported and the world's curiosity towards cryptocurrency grows, people are continuously attracted the fascinating world digital currencies. there are many people wanting invest blockchain technologies, unfortunately many have not been able due the complexity entering cryptomarkets. ever since the inception bitcoin and throughout the entire history cryptocurrency, one the major barriers entry for curious individuals has always been converting fiat directly into bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. the process usually requires some degree technical skill and knowledge, understanding security, and trust system which unlike anything these people have previously used. there's phone call broker make trade, there's speaking with advisor office, and course there are ways being swindled. currently, the process buying cryptocurrencies tremendous multi-step hassle. generally speaking, begins with trying figure out how buy bitcoin from various platforms (e.g. bitcoin atm, website, cash-deal), sending exchange (e.g. bittrex, poloniex) and then figuring out how make trade for the desired cryptocurrency. these multiple steps can seem complex, intimidating, and incomprehensible some cases. even for experienced investors with technical knowledge, the process converting fiat into digital currencies generally slow, limited, frustrating, and occasionally risky. due these inconveniences, believe that curious and qualified investors are still turning their backs the crypto-markets and are consequently missing opportunities they would have otherwise seized. another one the major barriers entry for investors acquiring the right news articles and development progress information. it's common for crypto-enthusiast browsing the internet search accurate information needed make informed decision. it's not easy for new crypto-enthusiasts find the right sources because they are seemingly endless and unfamiliar the task seeking information can feel cumbersome world they have just started trying understand. wouldn't logical have all the current news, market values, video tutorials, and technology updates one place where investors can quickly and easily access the information needed make informed decisions? (c) oxycoin. all rights reserved. oxycoin(r) trademark registered benelux office for intellectual property. introduction the second problem: developer tool limitations the current evolution blockchain technology, there are still limitations decentralized applications, also known dapps, they require blockchain node (server) properly execute. these nodes are difficult use for the average end-user. for example, the case ethereum, users must tweak "gas values" and "transaction values". these tweaks allow the dapp accept the inputs and function desired. world where people want easily send money with the click button, these extra technical steps are not user-friendly and increase the risk user-error. outside the challenges faced regular users, the world blockchain software development, dapp sdks (decentralized application software development kits) are lacklustre and often difficult understand problem which limits the potential what can created with blockchain technology. the existing dapp sdks not offer the proper facilitations and information developers. consequently, they are forced write code for the most basic functionalities, which extra work that can hinder progress and deter them from working with blockchain all together. addition these problems, there does not yet exist sdk specifically designed for mobile web applications. this type tool would have the power spark complete shift the entire world software development. after completing our first milestone the oxycoin(r) mobile platform will tackle the developerfacing problem creating the enhanced dapp sdk. mentioned our abstract, this special tool will enable "non-blockchain developers" build decentralized applications (dapps) using javascript and enable something truly powerful that has never been possible before the interaction dapps with mobile and web applications! valuable aspect this sdk that developers will essentially longer have worry about the backend. our technology manages the backend work behind the scenes and allows dapps "talk" with our blockchain through application program interfaces (apis). for once, developers will have the tools they need solely focus what matters building their frontend. (c) oxycoin. all rights reserved. oxycoin(r) trademark registered benelux office for intellectual property. our vision the solutions we're pleased announce that the solutions the aforementioned problems are the oxycoin(r) mobile platform and oxycoin(r) enhanced dapp sdk (decentralized app software development kit). our mission enable investors that are trying enter the crypto-markets; can achieve this simplifying the purchase cryptocurrencies. our mobile application will the easiest way purchase cryptocurrencies with fiat and will also feature central information hub where investors will receive any crypto-media they would need for investing digital currencies and blockchain projects. short, are tackling user-facing limitations building the one and only platform that has everything that crypto-enthusiasts will need one place and tackling developer tool limitations creating sdk's which will allow mobile and web applications make use decentralized applications. understanding the true growth potential the cryptocurrency world becomes obvious when observing the facts. according study the university cambridge: "the current number unique active users cryptocurrency wallets estimated between million and million" representing less than the world's population. though the full growth potential the crypto-markets clearly remains largely untapped, the time writing this white paper the total market capitalization all cryptocurrencies still very impressive figure approximately $,,, billion) according cryptolization. with community support and ico funding, the oxycoin(r) team plans push the number active users over million and the market capitalization over $,,, billion) our first year enabling whole new wave crypto-enthusiasts that are waiting for simple platform help them easily convert fiat into cryptocurrency. (c) oxycoin. all rights reserved. oxycoin(r) trademark registered benelux office for intellectual property. technical summary oxycoin(r) mobile application the main feature the oxycoin(r) mobile application enable users purchase cryptocurrencies directly with fiat whether they have knowledge not. oxycoin(r) provides user-friendly platform that contains all the information and tools needed any crypto-enthusiast and puts right their fingertips. with oxycoin(r) our users will empowered make informed decisions and take positions crypto-markets effortlessly. we're also tackling the issue tracking multiple addresses for multiple cryptocurrencies, lowering the possibility sending funds the wrong place, introducing our oxycoin(r) global address book. users may create one single username that searchable the global address book, and all their wallets will linked this one username. this feature lowers the risks that accompany long alphanumeric addresses such "jtwpezcnmqviecrnyiwrnqrhwnly", which are prone typos. with our global address book, users simply type their friend's name, see their friend's various cryptocurrency wallets, and transfer funds them within seconds. keeping simplicity the core our vision, also plan utilize codes another user-friendly way transfer funds. the oxycoin(r) platform avails itself the full power blockchains simplify the lives cryptocurrency users that oxycoin(r) usernames are stored the blockchain, allowing anyone find the addresses their friends and use them right away. for example, when opening the mobile application, fresh list the usernames (and their addresses) will retrieved from the blockchain. this enables auto-completion when one types username the global address book. these are just handful examples briefly illustrate the value can add enabling user-friendly features including specific types information our secure blockchain, extracting its practically limitless value. there are more technological features will implement with our oxycoin(r) mobile application, and the full details will explained our technical paper. (c) oxycoin. all rights reserved. oxycoin(r) trademark registered benelux office for intellectual property. technical summary oxycoin(r) sdks and oxy token use cases after completing our first milestone, the oxycoin(r) mobile platform, will tackle the second problem developer tool limitations creating the enhanced dapp sdk, mobile sdk, and web sdk. enhanced dapp sdk the enhanced dapp sdk crucial for enabling "non-blockchain developers" build their own dapps using javascript and make possible for mobile and web applications interact with them. the current problem that most the existing dapps only contain backend code (code that runs the server). this means that build user interface, you would typically need have your own server and create website (or app) that interacts with core-code through application program interfaces (apis). will deliver the oxycoin(r) enhanced dapp sdk let developers build user interfaces without the need run their own server. such sdk will also used interact with our mobile apps even third-party mobile apps. the sdk will essentially allow dapps "talk" with our blockchain through application program interfaces (apis) and manage the backend work behind the scenes. for once, developers will have the tools they need solely focus what really matters building their frontend. another important feature consider that developers would have the ability the create user interfaces directly within their dapp and allow any other software developer use their dapp the oxycoin(r) mobile app. user interfaces aside, believe that third party developers with little experience blockchain technologies who want use oxy their app need the chance involved. that's why the enhanced dapp sdk will also include mechanisms for developers to: manage end-user one-time payments (e.g. google playtm store) manage end-user subscriptions model payments providing these developers with easy way interact with our oxy blockchain will critical making users aware oxy and the power blockchain technology. (c) oxycoin. all rights reserved. oxycoin(r) trademark registered benelux office for intellectual property. technical summary oxycoin(r) sdks and oxy token use cases the mobile sdk web sdk: the oxycoin(r) sdks for mobile applications and web applications will pave the way for whole new wave development possibilities! developers will able create dapps that can interact with our mobile and web sdks. when considering use cases for the oxy token, very exciting that developers could now take advantage the oxy in-app payment system instead using current expensive options such google play(tm) store (%). all the functionalities included the enhanced dapp sdk rendering, in-app purchases, in-app subscriptions will have their own counterpart within the mobile sdk and web sdk. the potential with these tools effectively limitless. what can achieved with these new development tools? the momentum behind mobile application development continues grow each day and blockchain technologies are quickly gaining more traction between users and developers. with the potential that our sdks could unlock, expect see proliferation mobile web apps using blockchain technology their persistent database. here are some examples token use cases: mobile in-app revenue model (e.g. games accepting/spending oxy). contrast, through the google playtm platform, developers pay commission which very expensive. mobile apps securing their data using oxy blockchain. blockchains are very secure, inexpensive, and efficient. conventional methods for storing data are more expensive, centralized, and potentially more vulnerable security breaches. mobile apps marketplaces micropayments subscription model dapps e-commerce websites using oxy blockchain these examples are just handful use cases and there are obviously many other opportunities for developers when they start making use our powerful sdk's. once the floodgates creativity are opened for non-blockchain developers, will exciting observe the evolution dapp integration into the mobile and web world. (c) oxycoin. all rights reserved. oxycoin(r) trademark registered benelux office for intellectual property. mobile app features the first version oxycoin(r) mobile app launched, there will primary set supported cryptocurrencies that our users will able purchase and trade through our platform. more them will added the future complete our development goals and receive feedback from our supportive community. the first set supported cryptocurrencies will the following: bitcoin (btc), bitcoin cash (bcc), ethereum (eth), ark (ark), shift (shift), rise (rise), lisk (lsk), and course oxy. the oxycoin(r) mobile application pushing the boundaries simplicity with these features: core features mobile application android and ios compatible create wallets for any the supported cryptocurrencies buy any supported cryptocurrency with bitcoin sell any supported cryptocurrency for bitcoin easily send and receive the supported cryptocurrencies using codes manage multiple wallets and passwords one secure place create your own username the global address book, which linked all your wallets find contacts using global address book (no longer the need copy/paste long addresses e.g. boatslrhtknngkdxeeobrblettpyt) view the current market value per supported cryptocurrency usd/eur/btc create backup your addresses/passwords and send your dropbox, e-mail print offline backup optional security features such pin code touch (c) oxycoin. all rights reserved. oxycoin(r) trademark registered benelux office for intellectual property. planned features buy any supported cryptocurrency with fiat fiat payment options such ideal, paypal and sofort banking request adding new cryptocurrencies and provide feedback directly view current roi (return investment) push notifications when the price supported coin above/below certain market value import all addresses from backup scanning code provide updates crypto related news create set user-centric video tutorials and clearly defined quick reference guides market values (c) oxycoin. all rights reserved. oxycoin(r) trademark registered benelux office for intellectual property. the plan mobile app our talented android and ios developers are actively working produce the first version the oxycoin(r) mobile app. after the first version released, will continue develop new features and add more cryptocurrencies into the oxycoin(r) platform. the backbone the mobile application relies robust blockchain network that has uptime, meaning the network will always online and available. the blockchain will securely store your wallet addresses any supported cryptocurrency linking with your username. this way, other users can easily transfer cryptocurrency your wallet finding your username global address book. you would like read more about the use our blockchain other technical information, please refer our technical paper. marketing reach our goals making the mass adoption cryptocurrencies reality, will crucial that continuously promote our vision across the globe. our talented marketing team will actively promoting the oxycoin(r) platform using ambassadors and distributing media through major social media platforms and media outlets. ico initial coin offering, common way starting projects the blockchain world, will used generate the seed funding that needed support our project goals. the ico details can found the "ico initial coin offering" section this white paper and the ico web page. early supporters there are individuals who would like support oxycoin(r) before the ico begins. compensate them for their extra support and trust, are developing "early supporter program". early supporters will receive many benefits which are described the "esp early supporter program" section this white paper and the early supporter web page. roadmap short, we're starting with creating the ios and android mobile applications, creating the oxycoin(r) website, launching our main production network. the official roadmap our project can found the "roadmap" section this white paper and the roadmap webpage. (c) oxycoin. all rights reserved. oxycoin(r) trademark registered benelux office for intellectual property. early supporters program new approach conventional token exchange platforms revolve around the concept currency exchange; bitcoins exchange for tokens. the relationship between development teams and supporters virtually nonexistent strictly monetary. this means the voice the supporters not heard and their knowledge not leveraged. the oxycoin(r) team believes the value supporter knowledge and experience. know that you have the power grow and improve our platform, thus would like give you mechanism vocalize your opinions and collaborate. the early supporters will essentially the voice our community and will actively take part the decision making through our weighted polling system. for example, understand there are many ways monetize our platform, but our current primary focus developing revolutionary and user-friendly mobile application. this means our new approach involves leveraging the expertise the early supporters, which will provide many possible solutions for the future success our platform. this new system will assist our team determining the best course action for advancing the potential oxycoin(r). one the best aspects this program the status and bonus protection for early supporters. for individuals planning send btc alternative cryptocurrencies, this system ensures that when you join the early supporters program, your status and bonus tier will protected the event downward trend the alternative currency markets during the esp/ico period. once early supporters, always early supporters. the main purpose this protection ensure that the early supporters win big the currencies they send increase value and still win when the currencies they send decrease value. please note, there entire section dedicated explaining this concept full detail with various examples beginning from the section entitled "distribution calculations fundamentals". early supporters will receive many other benefits such early-bird-news, early-bird-access, poll taking, roi (return investment) calculations, insight into our detailed task list, meet greet with the team, and receiving bonus oxy. (c) oxycoin. all rights reserved. oxycoin(r) trademark registered benelux office for intellectual property. early supporters program bonus structure the contribution early supporters will receive bonus more oxy the ico coin calculation. furthermore, that same weight will also used the poll-taking process, thus supporters with larger amounts oxy will have more voting weight. please note, will accepting the following cryptocurrencies: bitcoin (btc), bitcoin cash (bcc), ethereum (eth), ark (ark), shift (shift), rise (rise), lisk (lsk). the financial details for our bonus and ico distribution calculations when using cryptocurrencies other than btc for can found the section covering examples for distribution calculations. bonus structure from august st, until august st, early supporters the following bonuses: send btc more: receive bonus send btc more: receive bonus send btc more: receive bonus send btc more: receive bonus early bird additional bonus from august th, until august th, early supporters receive additional bonus: send btc more: receive bonus send btc more: receive bonus send btc more: receive bonus send btc more: receive bonus (c) oxycoin. all rights reserved. oxycoin(r) trademark registered benelux office for intellectual property. ico initial coin offering overview initial coin offering, common way starting project crypto-currency world, will used generate the seed funding that needed support our project goals. minimum threshold are looking raise minimum btc. this will enable deliver the mobile applications (basic functionality) and enable run our stable blockchain network. the btc will cover all the costs related this including development, marketing and server expenses until december therefore, will setting btc our minimum funding threshold. target the target figure for the campaign btc. this will enable release fully functional version the application both android and ios mobile platforms which will include full functionality all features, news section, video tutorials and globally stable blockchain network. hard cap funding ceiling btc has been established. this ensure that those who sent btc receive certain amount oxy after the end the ico. the btc limit reached, the ico will closed and the oxy tokens distributed between the participants. supporting with altcoins accepted tokens are: btc, bcc, eth, shift, lisk, rise and ark. for those participants supporting with altcoins rather than btc, the value the tokens used will averaged across the period august the end the ico period. the average value will calculated picking the value each altcoin multiple times day using the coinmarketcap api functionalities. price per oxy the price the oxy token will depend upon the amount raised during the ico and reaching the minimum funding goal btc. the full calculation details and examples can found the sections this white paper for "distribution calculation examples". (c) oxycoin. all rights reserved. oxycoin(r) trademark registered benelux office for intellectual property. ico initial coin offering overview threshold not reached? the minimum funding target btc not reached the end the ico: supporters will given chance request full refund their support funds until october :am utc. will continue developing the mobile application. there will fixed price btc per oxy. the oxy that are not sold the ico will locked away separate wallet for year until the team lacks funds, used for second ico. (c) oxycoin. all rights reserved. oxycoin(r) trademark registered benelux office for intellectual property. ico funds distribution stated our plan, order generate seed funding for our oxycoin(r) project, will launch ico (initial coin offering) september st, these funds will contribute supporting development, server expenses, marketing, consultancy, team expansion, and founders. please refer the following diagram for the ico funds distribution: server expenses marketing team expansion founders consultancy development (c) oxycoin. all rights reserved. oxycoin(r) trademark registered benelux office for intellectual property. ico oxy distribution the total amount coins created the start our main network oxy. fund our project for the first year and continue development, will sell maximum oxy (%) throughout the early supporters program and ico. please refer the following diagram for the oxycoin(r) distribution total supply: bounties team wallet (voting weight) airdrop for ambassadors airdrop for testers startup bonus for team ico (c) oxycoin. all rights reserved. oxycoin(r) trademark registered benelux office for intellectual property. distribution calculations fundamentals understand that there are individuals who will support our project using cryptocurrencies other than btc. the ico distribution calculations for those not using btc are slightly more complex due price fluctuations, however we've implemented attractive calculation system which will protect early supporter bonuses. the ico and esp final distribution calculations depend two systems: "status and bonus protection for early supporter" and "average btc value the alternative cryptocurrencies". status and bonus protection for early supporters are protecting the status and bonuses for our early supporters determining eligibility and bonus tier based the value the transaction the time appears not the average value the end the ico. this system will protect the early supporter status and bonus percentage there are downward trends the alternative cryptocurrencies during the esp and ico period. for example, when sending btc worth lisk during the early supporter period, the value the transaction the time when appears guarantees that you are early supporter and will still receive your bonus, even the average btc value the lisk you sent worth less than btc the end the ico. the case higher tier early supporters btc more), your bonus tier will not drop into lower bonus tier, will protected and stay the same. average btc value the alternative cryptocurrencies august th, the start the early supporters program the btc value all supported alternative cryptocurrencies will saved each day until the end the ico period. will determine the average btc value alternative currencies over the whole period between august and the end ico. this average btc value will used determining bonuses and final oxy distribution. there are many detailed examples the following pages this white paper. (c) oxycoin. all rights reserved. oxycoin(r) trademark registered benelux office for intellectual property. distribution calculations equations equations terminology btc value sent account this the amount btc "value" sent account during the esp and/or ico period. this figure considers both the actual amount btc sent and the average btc value alternative cryptocurrencies sent. calculated with the following equation: [actual btc sent] [average btc value alternative crypto currencies sent] total btc value received this the total amount btc "value" received the oxycoin(r) team during the esp and/or ico period. this figure considers both the actual amount btc received and the average btc value alternative cryptocurrencies received. note, does not factor bonuses. calculated with the following equation: sum for all accounts [btc value sent account] weighted btc value sent account this the total weighted btc value sent account which factors the bonuses. calculated with the following equation: [btc value sent account bonus] where bonus [bonus percentage btc value sent account] total weighted btc value received this the total weighted btc value received the oxycoin(r) team which factors the bonuses. calculated with the following equation: sum for all accounts [weighted btc value sent account] percentage ico distribution this the percentage that account will receive from the oxy that will distributed the end the ico. calculated follows: [weighted btc value sent account total weighted btc value received] oxy final distribution this the amount oxy the account will receive the end the ico period. calculated with the following equation: [percentage ico distribution oxy] (c) oxycoin. all rights reserved. oxycoin(r) trademark registered benelux office for intellectual property. distribution calculations example "only btc sent" scenario: oxycoin(r) received btc and the calculated average btc value alternative currencies received btc the end the ico. august john sent btc john qualifies early supporter will also receive the bonus oxy. john's "weighted btc value" factor his bonus going calculated btc btc. his total weighted btc value btc. for oxycoin(r), total btc value received btc btc btc. the total weighted btc received oxycoin(r) was (please note that this figure can only really determined the end the ico when all the bonus calculations are done). john's percentage ico distribution is: btc btc] john's final distribution is: oxy oxy notes without early supporter bonus, john's final distribution would have been oxy. btc btc oxy. john was early supporter with early bird bonus +%, john's final distribution would have been oxy. btc btc oxy these calculations, the weighted btc value received oxycoin(r) must change due the changes john's bonus. (c) oxycoin. all rights reserved. oxycoin(r) trademark registered benelux office for intellectual property. distribution calculations example "win when markets lose" this example will illustrate the added value our early supporter status and bonus protection system when average btc values alternative cryptocurrencies decrease during the ico period. scenario: oxycoin(r) received btc and the calculated average btc value alternative currencies received btc the end the ico. this scenario, the average btc value ark and lisk are half value the end the ico. august john sent btc btc worth lisk btc worth ark. august th, the btc value sent john was btc. john qualifies early supporter will also receive bonus oxy. the end the ico the average btc value for ark and lisk are half compared the day sent it, thus the btc value sent from john's account will now btc per: john sent btc the average btc value his ark now btc for lisk btc, totaling btc. john does not lose his early supporter status bonus. john's "weighted btc value" factor his bonus btc btc. his total weighted btc value btc. for oxycoin(r), total btc value received btc btc btc. the total weighted btc received oxycoin(r) was (please note that this figure can only really determined the end the ico when all the bonus calculations can done) john's percentage ico distribution is: btc btc] john's final distribution is: oxy oxy notes: without early supporter status and bonus protection, john's final distribution would have been oxy. john has saved himself from losing oxy taking advantage the early supporter status and bonus protection. [btc btc] *,, oxy john was early supporter with early bird bonus +%, john's final distribution would have been oxy. btc btc] oxy these calculations, the weighted btc value received oxycoin(r) must change due the changes john's bonus. (c) oxycoin. all rights reserved. oxycoin(r) trademark registered benelux office for intellectual property. distribution calculations example "win when markets win" this example will illustrate the added value the early supporters program when average btc values alternative cryptocurrencies increase during the ico. scenario: oxycoin(r) received btc and the calculated average btc value alternative currencies received btc the end the ico. this scenario, the average btc value ark and lisk are double the value the end the ico. august john sent btc btc worth lisk btc worth ark. august th, the btc value sent john was btc. john qualifies early supporter and will also receive bonus oxy. the end the ico the average btc value for ark and lisk have doubled from the day sent it, the btc value sent from john's account will now btc per: john sent btc the average btc value his ark now btc and for lisk btc, totaling btc. john's "weighted btc value sent" factor his bonus going calculated btc btc. his total weighted btc value btc. for oxycoin(r), total btc value received btc btc btc. the total weighted btc value received oxycoin(r) was btc (please note that this figure can only really determined the end the ico when all the bonus calculations can done. here are using sensible number show how the calculation would work). john's percentage ico distribution is: btc btc] john's final distribution is: oxy oxy notes: without the early supporters program bonus, john's final distribution would have been oxy. john now has extra oxy taking advantage the early supporters program. btc btc oxy john was early supporters with early bird bonus +%, john's final distribution would have been roughly oxy. btc btc oxy these calculations, the weighted btc value received oxycoin(r) must change due the changes john's bonus. (c) oxycoin. all rights reserved. oxycoin(r) trademark registered benelux office for intellectual property. end the oxycoin(r) team would like thank you for reading our white paper. you did not find what you were looking for, your question might already answered your faq webpage. hope that you are excited about this project are! it's time make mass adoption cryptocurrencies reality. together, can make simple for more people join the wonderful world blockchain technologies that are filled with technological and financial opportunities. (c) oxycoin. all rights reserved. oxycoin(r) trademark registered benelux office for intellectual property.