pac white paper generation peer peer cryptocurrency. built for the people, lead social governance. www.paccoin.net pac white paper v.. contents introduction................................................................................................................................... fundamentals comparison............................................................................... what cryptocurrency?.......................................................................................... blockchain technology............................................................................................... the rebirth pac............................................................................................................ community incentives.............................................................................................. masternodes............................................................................................................................ the four c's.................................................................................................................................. road map.................................................................................................................................... pacplatforms............................................................................................................... closing statement........................................................................................................... www.paccoin.net pac white paper introduction introducing $pac, third generation cryptocurrency that focused four key factors: community charity content choice $pac established off self-governing and funding model through incentivized full nodes and detailed roadmap. spearheading decentralized autonomous organization (dao) that encourages and rewards the community develop and enhance it. pac community driven successor bitcoin, incorporating various improvements such two-tier incentivized network, known the masternode network. $pac has been improved from its predecessor paccoin every aspect, $pac encompasses the latest financial technology, transcending blockchains that are currently being developed. the major aim $pac become the most efficient and user-friendly cryptocurrency that available globally. this allows appeal secure private partners well allowing address use cases the mainstream market. our network features double-send proof transactions and transaction history that erasable terms receiving funds. this approach will ensure truly decentralized electronic cash system. $pac works using the principle decentralization whilst upholding the belief that our community the face the coin. important: for the remainder this document, paccoin refers the old coin launched $pac refers the new coin and the main focus digital currency this paper. www.paccoin.net pac white paper fundamentals comparison $pac introduces revolutionary set changes the cryptocurrency world. although bitcoin provides pseudonymous transactions public ledger, the network provides nearly privacy. recent times have shown that bitcoin's current network unable sustain affordable transactions that can confirmed reasonable time. $pac however, solves both the transaction and privacy issues that bitcoin suffers from whilst also allowing users provide the same dual proof work (pow) and proof service (pos) design $pac. block rewards total supply (estimates) bitcoin paccoin $pac coin specs bitcoin paccoin $pac blocktime avg mins secs secs algorithm sha sha pos yes masternode pow yes yes yes confirms instantsend secs privatesend yes coin specs bitcoin paccoin $pac juncture block time reward est. supply speed mins mins secs year secs fees u$pac/kb year secs privacy pseudoanon anonymous anonymous year secs governance yes community years secs miner reward years secs year secs year secs years year btc coins halves every years per block full node pos reward corresponding your stake reward budget ops* charity donated secs secs www.paccoin.net pac white paper premined for the redemption new coins minted will into treasury for operations, marketing charitable causes. $pac has further revenue streams planned for long term growth and sustainability the coin. $pac performance since the launch the original paccoin, the blockchain has evolved, improved, and become more secure, allowing replace the aging paccoin with private and more stable currency, based upon dash; while the same time allowing improve the economic design. this new coin referred $pac (pac), $pac launch statistics algorithm blocktime secs block size difficulty retargeting blocks (gravity kicks later) est. total supply year ,,, $pac initial supply (for redemption) ,,, $pac (after blocks) block rewards breakdown phase block height reward masternodes miners budget charity $pac $pac $pac $pac $pac $pac $pac $pac $pac $pac iii $pac $pac $pac $pac $pac $pac $pac $pac $pac $pac $pac $pac $pac $pac $pac $pac $pac $pac $pac $pac vii $pac $pac $pac $pac $pac viii $pac $pac $pac $pac $pac www.paccoin.net pac white paper what cryptocurrency? cryptocurrency its core aims decentralized peer-to-peer digital cash system ran platform with the absence central authority. digital money created from code. the founder bitcoin (considered the 'first-mover' cryptocurrency) built digital cash system without any central entity. order realize the value digital cash, you simply need payment network that consists balances and accounts, combined with tangible use cases and need for the currency chosen over traditional fiat currencies. individual cryptocurrencies are digital and cannot counterfeited reversed arbitrarily the sender, with credit card charge-backs. this provides numerous security advantages over traditional forms currency. cryptocurrency not bound exchange rates, interest rates, transaction charges other charges any country. therefore, can used international level without experiencing any problems. this, turn, saves lots time well money the part any business which otherwise spent transferring money from one country the other. more than all people earth have access the global financial market. it's not about drugs, money laundering, weapons and speculation, it's about global financial freedom. www.paccoin.net pac white paper how works source: blockgeeks https://blockgeeks.com www.paccoin.net pac white paper blockchain technology blockchain decentralized, distributed and public digital ledger that used recover transactions across many computers that the record cannot altered retroactively without the alteration all subsequent blocks and the collusion the network blockchains grow constantly new block 'mined' and are recorded chronological format from the most recent the least recent. gives market participants the opportunity track their digital currency transaction without any form central record keeping. for every computer that connected the network, there always blockchain copy that dedicated and automatically downloaded. blockchains were actually developed way accounting for virtual currency. blockchains are form distributed ledger technology and they are slowly appearing commercial applications that are seeing the benefits the technology. blockchains are currently used check transactions that are made via digital currencies although, also possible code embed any form document within the blockchains. this creates permanent record that cannot altered. instead confirming record authenticity through centralized authority, blockchains are used. www.paccoin.net pac white paper how blockchains work wants send $pac the transaction represented online block. the block broadcast every party the network. those the network approve the transaction valid. the block can then added the chain, which provides indelible and transparent record transactions. $pac then moves from blockchain breakdown block section blockchain that keeps track all the recent transactions. blocks are added the chain linear fashion, storing input and output transactions forming perfect ledger reaching back the first (i.e. genesis) block. each new blocks records new information the chain secure, verifiable, and permanent manner. the design blockchain makes these transactions immutable thereby preventing them from being deleted. cryptography the method that used add the blocks thereby making sure that there middle-proof. possible for the data distributed but not directly copied. the growth the blockchain size still remains problem affects synchronization and storage. blockchain extensions based the normal banking ideology, blockchain can regarded full history financial institution's transactions. every block denotes individual bank statement but considering the fact that distributed database system that acting open electronic ledger, blockchain can simplify business operations for parties. this makes blockchain technology attractive exchanges and financial institutions. most people have suggested that this electronic ledger system should also adopted for voting systems, vehicle registrations, medical records and even the ownership confirmation artwork and antiquities. www.paccoin.net pac white paper benefits blockchains the use blockchains can result serious cost savings, blockchain systems give businesses and banks the opportunities streamline internal operations thereby strategically reducing mistakes, delays and expenses caused the traditional methods keeping records. the adoption blockchain technology will give rise the following benefits: automated blockchain technology reduces errors and eliminates repetitive confirmation steps. electronic ledgers are very cheap maintain compared the traditional accounting systems. addition these three major benefits, and the considerable amount funds that can saved, transparency will also improved. with blockchain technology, auditing will become easy and smart contracts can created payments can triggered when specific conditions are met. tech companies are attracted the idea eliminating middlemen and diving towards decentralization and demoralization thereby adopting the blockchain technology across various industries. silicon valley and other startups are already leveraging blockchain technology. there minimal capital that held risk pending transactions thereby reducing processing delay. financial company that currently utilizes blockchains 'proof existence'. they store encrypted information using blockchain technology thereby enabling transaction that cannot replicated linked original document. microsoft and other firms are also showing interest cryptocurrencies, they recently built partnership with consensus december www.paccoin.net pac white paper the rebirth pac $pac generation peer peer cryptocurrency. built for the people, lead social governance. new team, improved tech, new vision and strong community are what makes the foundation $pac. pac's predecessor paccoin taught valuable lessons that have given the foresight bring $pac companies and individuals around the world. like bitcoin, $pac uses blockchain database coordinate and manage values that exists between two untrusted individuals. the use $pac governed masternodes and credited with $pac for their participation the network. open source the source code available for reading. $pac evolution being developed private branch. the entire $pac code will open source during the second week feb. $pac has solved the problems that bitcoin struggling with and represents digital currency that can used digital cash. www.paccoin.net pac white paper history paccoin was created based upon then-current technologies. initially, enjoyed brief success traded cryptocurrency. however, over the years, the coin was not maintained upgraded; subsequently quickly fell the bottom the list the different cryptocurrencies the market. paccoin remained stagnant until august when new community-based management team committed re-establishing the coin. november aspects the code were upgraded offer new paccoin wallets paccoin's updated website. the end november paccoin registered its first measurable market cap $,, usd. during paccoin's relaunch, over wallets were downloaded and cryptopia, paccoin's most dominant exchange, had over million new registrations. this sudden uptick overwhelmed cryptopia's servers which accounted for, the time, our trading volume, forcing the new zealand based exchange suspend trading, unfortunately with paccoin the top the list for volume. with demand and volume exceeding expectations, pacoin's development team has been hard work making improvements the code, and facilitating wide future for the coin. www.paccoin.net pac white paper improving paccoin $pac starting with new coin based off the dash platform the current total supply paccoin will reduced, providing whole host benefits. the current total supply trillion paccoin with trillion having already been mined into circulation will reduced via rco (redemption coin offering) offering one new $pac for each existing paccoin, with each new $pac's value increasing result. this will reduce the total supply billion with billion circulation. the amount data the blockchain will shrink dramatically, resulting wallets syncing faster, thus allowing the chain more easily installed across the globe. since bitcoin's inception, there have been several new algorithms developed improve the blockchain technology. one the measures that $pac's team are taking moving away from the sha platform and adopting the platform, first introduced dash. the platform will allow completely anonymous transactions little under two seconds. instead hashing only one algorithm, with sha, the platform hashes different algorithms simultaneously, which reduces the amount computing needed mine transfer data. addition the platform, pac will also utilizing masternodes, another concept made popular dash. explained widely used hashing algorithm created dash core developer evan duffield. x's chained hashing algorithm utilizes sequence eleven scientific hashing algorithms for the proof-of-work. this that the processing distribution fair and coins will distributed much the same way bitcoin's were originally. was intended make asics much more difficult create, thus giving the currency plenty time develop before mining centralization became threat. this approach was largely successful; early asics for now exist and comprise significant portion the network hashrate, but have not resulted the level centralization present bitcoin. the name the chained proof-of-work (pow) algorithm that was introduced dash (launched january "xcoin"). was partially inspired the chained-hashing approach quark, adding further "depth" and complexity increasing the number hashes, yet differs from quark that the rounds hashes are determined priori instead having some hashes being randomly picked. the algorithm uses multiple rounds different hashes (blake, bmw, groestl, jh, keccak, skein, luffa, cubehash, shavite, simd, echo), thus making one the safest and more sophisticated cryptographic hashes use modern cryptocurrencies. the name not related the gui server that provides graphical interface unix/linux users. source: balazs kiraly https://dashpay.atlassian.net www.paccoin.net pac white paper advantages increased confidence and safety for currencies the increased complexity and sophistication the chained algorithm provides enhanced levels security and less uncertainty for digital currency, compared single-hash pow solutions that are not protected against security risks like spof (single point failure). for example, possible but not probable computing breakthrough that "breaks" the sha hash could jeopardize the entire bitcoin network until the network shifts through hard fork another cryptographic hash. the event similar computing breakthrough, digital currency using the pow would continue using take measures and replace the problematic hashes with other more reliable hashing algorithms. given the speculative nature digital currencies and their inherent uncertainties new field, the algorithm can provide increased confidence for its users and potential investors that single-hash approaches cannot. chained hashing solutions, like provide increased safety and longevity for store wealth purposes, investment diversification and hedging against risks associated with single-hash currencies plagued spof (single point failure). evan duffield, the creator dash and chained-hash, has wrote several occasions that was integrated into dash not with the intention prevent asic manufacturers from creating asics for the future, but rather provide similar migratory path that bitcoin had (cpus, gpus, asics). incentive structure $pac incentives are informal way motivating the community encourage the growth and reach $pac, whilst rewarding them for doing so. these incentives are superfluous the overall goal $pac but exist means compensate active community members. affiliate bonus community bounties prizes will have affiliate both the $pac team, well the community, can offer several program where will offer social bounty programs that will help spread and share $pac $pac rewards for the top projects and initiatives. hosted from within the paclyfe platform. producing affiliates. these will tiered and aims $pac rewards pair investor groups $pac would offer together mutually share excellent platform rewards for supporting $pac's facilitate third party rewards future. programs. for e.g. $pac could act medium exchange within private corporate networks content producers reward staff internally for using $pac social hitting targets and/or currency will aim help achieving goals. then using content producers get fairly their $pac purchase compensated directly inside goods/services. our own and various other social platforms. retail value $pac digital currency and pronounced the same wherever you are. $pac phonetic and pronounceable worldwide providing important linguistic foundation for mass global adoption. store value any service product can plug into $pac and leverage its fast, secure and private features. $pac fuels the digital exchange products and services with almost zero transaction fees. www.paccoin.net pac white paper history pos proof-of-service pos was originally applied the parent the old paccoin, peercoin, designed sunny king. this was the initial alternative dual method securing the network and the creation new blocks coins. this system proved much more energy efficient compared traditional pow mining via asics and cpu powered miners. the more coins that specific node owns locks up, the more they stake and protect the network. part the coin reward for this protective network service, nodes that stake coins would allowed 'mint' new coins (this just like interest the real world). coin age generally the initial requirement for staking and pos rewards. the old paccoin for example, the minting period was set days. after this initial day window achieved, the coins will pos mint new paccoins rate roughly the current paccoin model. since paccoin's implementation, pos has changed used completely separate from the pow system significant number other coin designs. this primarily support more efficient energy usage model. the use pos specifically terms its use paccoin has caused quite controversy the model rewards larger wallets with majority the future coin supply. the old coin created unfair coin distribution model, directly contradicting our belief equality and fairer community rewards and was key design flaw the original coin. the new coin addresses this distribution wealth imbalance. www.paccoin.net pac white paper masternodes masternodes are way for community members provide service the network putting certain amount coins their $pac wallets return for reward known pos (proof service). this serves collateral alongside automatic ledger, which verifies transactions without risk. $pac users will need $pac run masternode. shared masternodes will also become available with the launch paclyfe early how calculate the return investment for masternodes: the total number masternodes owned roi and block reward distribution below are the results extrapolated over the next years assuming masternodes represent total coins circulation: year masternodes year year miners year treasury year charity below pie chart the block reward distribution: the total number masternodes the network the current block reward blocks average day the average masternode payment the blockchain reward roi ((n/t)xrxbxax) www.paccoin.net pac white paper charity treasury miners masternodes private$pac internet commerce today's world focused developing trust system where the privacy user's transactions desirable feature. coins like electroneum, android and iphone have this anonymity built via protocol extensions. these extensions allow for anonymous transactions possible. private$pac enhanced version the coinjoin system. besides just using coinjoin, $pac will employ series technical improvements such decentralization and high degree anonymity leveraging this chaining approach where there mixing that occurs well ahead the future transaction. this feature has deployed fashion that will both improve privacy and fungibility such way that the blockchain doesn't hurt the credibility the original blockchain. fungibility core component money, requires that all the pieces currency remain equal. for example, when you get coins via private$pac, these coins should not have any fingerprints from their previous transactions users. www.paccoin.net pac white paper for coins such bitcoin, people are able determine which coins are unspent and which ones are, via methodology called utxo, which stands for unspent transaction output. the outcome this system provides ledger that allows any node the guarantor ensure the integrity these transactions. protocols used coins such bitcoin are designed participate the network without the participation other trusted nodes, without them very important that the auditing methods are still able used others the public blockchain. private$pac's goal improve transaction privacy and still maintain the key elements successful crypto currency. $pac's decentralized wallet mixing service maintains the integrity its fungibility. this ensures all coins are equal, and the integrity the public ledger maintained without compromising user's rights private transactions. instant$pac $pac's masternode layer has additional benefits over simply reducing the participation costs for casual nodes. one major advantage masternode layer the ability send and receive instant irreversible transactions 'trustless' manner. forming quorum, through the selection randomized masternodes, allows $pac replace what used require entire network nodes with only that small subset trusted, bonded, masternodes. www.paccoin.net pac white paper the four c's choice $pac stands for the 'people's alternative choice' new form internet currency. having choice alternative store value promotes internet commerce and fosters innovation. the huge burden current rules and regulations destroy the innovation within the current business economy. also see legal system that fracturing under its own lack clear choices. $pac going back the grassroots where systems evolve from great ideas and innovative energy. this $pac system will enable resources solve and find solutions -vs- getting stalled legal conflicts. content the middle the $pac economy $pac becomes the primary medium exchange. content now becomes one the vehicles that exchanged value. example this would service marketplace where people would looking purchase new branding for their business, intro video explaining their offerings. paclyfe.net will house this marketplace where these digital products can sold via $pac others the community. the real-world analog example this type system fiverr.com. community communities come together and provide support solve and identify problems throughout the $pac economy. have discovered the beginning social governance framework that will enable our social network evolve into problem-solving machine. the complexities managing decentralized community will challenging but not impossible. the goal will discover proposals for the $pac economy and promote them the master-nodes for final approval and resource allocation. charity charitable focus another cornerstone the $pac economy. charitable focus fundamental value many the problems our day-to-day lives that can solved easily community environment. the community continually grows its ability help charitable causes people discover together the benefit functional charitable economy. charitable focus will always the "foundational fabric" the $pac ecosystem. many brands will want help support the $pac system they align their brands support interests both parties. will have charitable crowd funding platform similar kickstarter paclyfe.net build this charitable $pac platform. www.paccoin.net pac white paper the road ahead jan $pac official blog platform paccoin.net website re-launch. feb early masternode redemption whitepaper release. jun jun redemption window closes, pac.media community content reduced ratio now platform business plan effect. finalization. feb jul new $pac wallet release unnamed 'coinmarketcap' date. price comparison competitor feb launches. later pacdirect.net main platform for apr purchasing $pac electrum wallet with other cryptocurrencies. integrated into the 'coinfyle' exchange platform. for new $pac aug launches. pacmarks.com partnership system launches. feb mar sep public coin redemption redemption window exchange rate closes, reduced ratio opens. now effect. sep $pac accepted the yobit exchange. feb $pac accepted the cryptopia exchange. rfp for coinfyle.com released seek investment oct opportunities for our rfp window for dedicated exchange. 'coinfyle.com' closes. dec rfp proposal window for 'coinfyle.com' closes. general addendum partnerships, integrations and new exchange listings will the $pac team's main focus these can't added the roadmap they're likely occur any time. exchange listings will occur direct result the fork march. $pac will become attractive new exchanges due it's stronger pairings with btc, ltc, eth and other major cryptocurencies. www.paccoin.net pac white paper jan pac.media's rfp window mar apr pac.media's rfp redemption window for $pac's window closes, advertising platform reduced ratio closes. now effect. for $pac's advertising platform opens. hard date pactopia.net dedicated exchange purely for $pac/crypto pairings. $pac landscape paccoin.net paclyfe coinfyle our main website and digital $pac's social governance $pac's 'coinbase' competitor. business card. platform which also hosts platform for purchasing and community marketplace and exchanging $pac and other project fundraising features. cryptos with fiat currency. developer updates, important pac.media coinlyfe news and updates our community content new social platform for news, everything related $pac. platform, using $pac the information, price checking and payment gateway. community discussion the blog.paccoin.net our information hub, features entire cryptocurrency market. wallets.paccoin.net community download our secure desktop wallets for your operating system. $pac exchange decentralized exchange enable the trade almost all cryptocurrencies. $pac will act pacdirect.net secure, online platform information value purchase $pac directly from us. the currency bridge for fee's and transfers. $pac mobile wallet use cases single point failure our fast transfers security non reliance own dedicated $pac exchange platform allows $pac secure, fast and adaptable stability and mobile wallet that will allow increased value. balance checking/purchases on-the-go. pacpos.com third party exchanges dedicated the future retail pacmarks.com $pac will tradable integration $pac, think credit online partnership system for multiple third party exchanges, card swipers, bar code readers companies and products aim listed most and physical 'points sale'. looking integrate $pac. major exchanges www.paccoin.net pac white paper paclyfe improving the technological aspects $pac merely the foundation the $pac story, the team plans re-focus the mission $pac become truly community-based cryptocurrency, evidenced the new name already adopted the $pac community: the people's alternative choice. $pac continuously developing new features added our community-based social media platform called paclyfe. paclyfe encourages coinholders communicate with each other without any language barriers. $pac medium exchange paclyfe not just social communications vessel. online marketplace for the $pac community provide real world products and services exchange for $pac. paclyfe the fiverr.com, ebay and kickstarter the cryptocurrency world. aim for paclyfe become platform where private projects are voted and funded entirely $pac. www.paccoin.net pac white paper social governance decentralized governance blockchain allows the community involved the decision-making regarding projects related $pac. masternodes are the main actors the governance process, they can create new proposals and vote (yes/no/abstain) existing proposals. each time block generated, the block reward goes the masternode network, goes the miners and then, once every blocks (approximately days) 'superblock' generated containing the entire payout the proposals winners the previous cycle. anyone can vote make proposals. proposal wins only the approval greater than the the total masternode count that time. the community vote will decide what improvements and programs the development team focuses on. the current break down that the block reward for operations, and destined for charity. masternode holders will then allocate resources and time these proposed programs and projects. project approval process feedback idea submission company, partner individual submits idea. community vote project approval subject voting criteria. evaluation results evaluated the community. yes/no yes research, design, branding project moves concept phase. feasibility study culmination initial concepts/research. green light for funding project funds are released for use the submitter. operate, support, construct submitters then plan, build and integrate their project with full support its community backing they can reach out the community for resource support throughout the venture and collaborate with the $pac team bring the idea completion. www.paccoin.net pac white paper coinlyfe coinlyfe the ebay, paypal, google, linkedin and coinmarketcap the crypto world. social network, unifying information seekers, investment opportunists and public influencers, with $pac currency holding the platform together. coinlyfe will provide communications vehicle for user driven content. whilst acting hub credible information for the whole cryptosphere that becomes indexed the major search engines. users will able price check, inform, search, acquire and absorb cryptocurrency its entirety. information existing platforms: whattomine, cryptocompare, bravenewcoin crypto enthusiasts have jump around from site site savvy this space. coinlyfe will provide ratings, information, videos, wikis and more for all coins. forums existing platforms: bitcointalk, cointelegraph cryptocurrencytalk many forum solutions are basic forum platforms not mobile user friendly. coinlyfe will provide forums, blogs group conversations. price comparison and technical analysis existing platforms: coinmarketcap, coingecko, etc market analysis platform for speculators coinlyfe will bring detailed technical price data users friendly and easy digest manner. social existing platforms: reddit, facebook, twitter these sites provide areas for social engagement but are not tailored specifically for the crypto currency market. coinlyfe will provide this. www.paccoin.net pac white paper coinfyle coinfyle will secure online platform for buying, selling, transferring, and storing digital currency. coinfyle's mission will create open decentralized financial system for the world and the leading global brand for helping people convert digital currency into and out their local currencies. build process coinfyle will put out for rpf (request for proposal) process potential investors 'propose' solution for the $pac community. the premise have solution that will built the best the industry and hopefully partially owned the $pac economy well. fees this system will $pac and will the lowest the industry. look forward discovering this process build the best 'online digital wallet/exchange' platform through community conversations the next several months after the $pac launch. www.paccoin.net pac white paper pacdirect pacdirect will platform that enables investors purchase $pac directly from from pool freshly mined coins directly with fiat currency well other cryptocurrencies. offered system similar this late but due overwhelming website traffic, were unable facilitate orders using our old platform warranting the need for ungraded payment system. shield from bitcoin due the nature bitcoin, its influence the 'first mover' the cryptosphere, used majority trading pair for most not all alternative currencies. this often ties the price these currencies the rise and fall bitcoin itself. allowing the purchase $pac with fiat directly from provides shield from the impact from bitcoin has the value $pac. www.paccoin.net pac white paper secure entry point $pac aligning with our goal bring $pac the mainstream market, faster, more secure and easy entry point needed. pacdirect aims shield new and existing investors from exchanges long sign processes, transfer times and risks. this platform will offers prices based the current market value $pac reducing the possibility abuse the system. pac.media alternative news major component the world today. suppressed news, fake news and censorship litters the landscape and people don't know what believe anymore. the internet has fueled movement alternative news/content where anybody can promote what they believe in. these smaller providers depend getting paid from big networks that constantly change the rules how they get their income. these smaller providers can't compete with the larger media outlets money interests. they are missing their own brand affiliation. content providers will able plug-into the $pac based economy purchasing master-node, which essentially becomes ongoing revenue stream for their day-to-day work. they can display and 'use' the pac.media affiliation their channels well. obviously, there are lot 'red' flags this innovative approach will raise these will all handled integrating already functional systems into this new brand framework and pac.media will the cornerstone this new media-based economy. this core will supported other integrated partnerships that leverage the value the $pac medium exchange. pac.media will unify alternative news into one system where the content providers will own their advertising platform and their future revenue stream that will paid $pac. www.paccoin.net pac white paper $pac mobile wallet almost all internet traffic goes through mobile devices and tablets. offering mobile wallet that will complete secure, instantaneous transfers $pac will springboard towards creating global token that can used decentralized economy across variety commercial avenues. our mobile wallet, available for both android and ios devices will give users full control over their funds and make many other monetary features (such bar code payment recognition) accessible globally time goes and future retail opportunities present themselves. key features: multi-address support code support live price display chart information transaction history news quick sell functionality custom security features www.paccoin.net pac white paper closing statement "paccoin changing the entire team behind $pac now unified long term, scalable vision for advanced and re-purposed digital currency and accompanying platforms. with our community growing every single day and continuous, valuable input through our social governance beliefs, $pac going solidify itself digital currency that truly sculpted the people themselves. want thank everyone who has been involved our story far. you are $pac." plug into $pac early more than people support and provide the foundation for our growth. are interested hearing from you and your plans for involvement with both $pac and it's community. you want offer your services are interested the potential integration $pac into your products, our source code available github: github link coming soon... www.paccoin.net pac white paper www.paccoin.net blog.paccoin.net wallets.paccoin.net