parkingo implements the blockchain business processes parkingo ico: gotoken parkingo gotoken white paper index index the airport parking sector history parkingo what parkingo today? future expansions gotoken born why parkingo launching its ico benefits gotoken blockchain ecosystem ico metrics team legal governance and compliance disclaimer parkingo gotoken white paper the airport-parking sector the airport-parking sector airports overview over the past few decades airports have evolved from mere infrastructure providers hubs commercial activities. the continuous growth passenger traffic and coverage destinations, coming from the hub strategy legacy airlines well from the rise low-cost airlines, has transformed the airport landscape. many airports have therefore extended their service offerings, focusing increasingly providing holistic customer experience with the passenger central both strategic and commercial decisions. airbus' global market forecast (gmf) for offers forward-looking view the air transport sector's evolution, the drivers :strong resilient passenger traffic growth air transport develops, new drivers become more significant middle-class almost double traffic forecast air traffic (rpk) doubles every years. note: current and forecasted access modal split calculated for relevant selection european cities and asian cities under "ptx scenario" implying doubling the worldwide public transport modal share compared source: airbus growing horizons global market forecast source: arthur little analysis, iata, world bank parkingo gotoken white paper the airport-parking sector the airport-parking sector proper management airport parking activities has defining impact the customer experience, the parking premises form the first physical point contact the airport for point point passengers. moreover, airport parking activities represent one the more important shares the commercial revenue streams airports. typically, revenues from airport parking represent between and total airport revenue and non-aeronautical revenues, depending the size the airport, the proximity the city center and the availability public transport alternatives. many airports have witnessed continuous growth parking activities, despite development public transport alternatives. these alternatives are often supported national and local mobility policies that have been adopted shift the access modal split airport passengers towards public transport. however, absolute growth airport passenger traffic often offsets the impact these policies. parkingo gotoken white paper history parkingo: from summary history parkingo: from summary established response the need for parking areas milano malpensa airport, parkingo has grown its network the european marketplace through consolidation affiliated off-airport locations offering range services that assure positive and well-organized travel experience. parkingo had become leading provider key locations italy, including linate, bergamo, and fiumicino. followed new franchises verona and turin. these parkingo sites fueled business growth for parkingo extending its presence nationwide over the next years. parkingo group acquired park lab sagl, swiss technology start-up specializing the development hoc software for the parking and mobility sector. date, park lab has developed the most important scalable off-airport parking platform global level that makes possible aggregate the market under single brand. during the same year, parkingo transforms and evolves with the integration parkingo green power innovative e-mobility project, and parkingo scanner, full camera system that guarantees the state the car. the goal become mobility platform that offers -degree services the automotive and airport world. parkingo gotoken white paper history parkingo: from summary parkingo acquired the second italian network off-airport parking lots under the fast parking brand, creating new synergies the parkingo group and expanding its range services. the franchising project finds excellent response also abroad. respond the needs travelers from switzerland, spain, germany, france, belgium, and austria. parkingo launched the beta version its getmycar start-up, innovative mobility platform that allows cars shared between individuals, launching pilot italy with investment from italglobal partners and lastminute.com january positioning its brand "the airbnb for cars". parkingo gotoken white paper history parkingo: from over million customers use parkingo services every year parkingo today, with over facilities europe, constantly expanding. parkingo gotoken white paper history parkingo: from the first location: milan malpensa parkingo established meet growing demand for car parking near the airport milan malpensa. parkingo malpensa, for many years the group hq, had been the main hub for parkingo innovation projects (parkingo art project, parkingo scanner beta test and much more). new parkingo sites open: the idea network born the growth the network begins, developing know-how the first six years activity that leads the opening the milano linate, bergamo and fiumicino offices. parkingo gotoken white paper history parkingo: from the franchising program goes live the parkingo business model attracts interest the airport parking sector. the first sites are added through franchising projects turin, verona and venice generate new clients joining parkingo our franchisee have access new clients parkingo world fully customized technology supply multilingual platform with automatic management price lists and allotment. simple integration with other software for bookings generated parkingo. publicity: new profit sources create new opportunity revenues selling publicity spaces and sharing the benefits with the franchisee locations. park scanner: unique service offer unique service that allows save and communicate more trust and security parkingo's clients. first parkingo cruise franchising not just airports. parkingo evolves its network provide also port car parks, service much appreciated cruise ship passengers. the first parkingo cruise it's based venice. parkingo gotoken white paper history parkingo: from from simple car park mobility platform parkingo green power parkingo becomes the first electricity distribution network for electric vehicle charging stations airports. our current active promotion: parkingo charges your car for free! clients can take advantage electric recharge cost. this initiative allowed become partner with the uefa champions league during the event milan parkingo gotoken white paper history parkingo: from parkingo scanner full camera system for scanning and checking the status cars. the vehicles the clients are registered they come the car park with fullhd cameras that reveal all sorts scratches. how works plate recognition the system works any weather and light conditions: both full sun and night, thanks fully integrated anti-reflection panels and specially positioned lighting that guarantees deg visibility body details. parkingo gotoken white paper history parkingo: from parkingo becomes media agency the constant increase offices and customers attracts interest international companies leading the creation parkingo media, section dedicated advertising space management. off line i.e. publicity billboard the car park the shuttle buses line i.e. banner the booking confirmation parkingo gotoken white paper history parkingo: from parkingo acquires fast parking the second italian airport parking network acquired, leading new synergies within parkingo and expanding its range services tailored for differentiated customer targets. malpensa linate bergamo torino pisa bologna venezia verona ciampino catania parkingo gotoken white paper history parkingo: from international expansion takes off the franchising project finds excellent response also abroad. respond the needs travelers from switzerland, spain, germany, france, belgium and austria. today there are parkingo sites european airports and ports. parkingo gotoken white paper history parkingo: from parkingo launches getmycar start-up airbnb for cars: thousands parked cars become asset and revenue stream both for our customers and for our business, getmycar, one the most dynamic innovators peer-to-peer car sharing parkingo gotoken white paper what parkingo today? what parkingo today? parkingo mobility platform that aggregates and facilitates the travel experience for millions customers, private and corporate, the fragmentation the customer base allows that our most important client generates less than the turnover. for the past years have enjoyed double digit growth. group turnover reached over million euros. parkingo gotoken white paper future expansions gotoken born future expansions gotoken born parkingo launches its token sale, implementing the blockchain its business processes continuing its international expansion. parkingo gotoken white paper why parkingo launching its ico? why parkingo launching its ico? parkingo aims become one the first service company activate its own token its real services: empower transparency with customers thanks the ico, parkingo will have the necessary funds develop perfect technological system that will enhance the capacity our business convert many fundamental processes into blockchain within years the funds raised during the ico process will used develop the perfect blockchain system for our customers use and also expand our business worldwide and consolidate our presence the countries where already operate europe then everyone benefits and everyone happy: broadening the range services offered; the most important being the car rental and car sharing platform, getmycar parkingo gotoken white paper benefits gotoken benefits gotoken why parkingo's customers should purchase services with gotoken? minimum value the minimum value the gotoken will guaranteed all users who purchase parkingo services. this value fixed the exit price ico: usd exclusive services with gotoken you have preferential lane parkingo: dedicated check-in priority the shuttle from parking the airport and vice versa discounts services (car wash, luggage wrapping, car valet, transfer cars between airports) always available the token will give access exclusive services with priority, for example, one the most important the availability parking spaces even when the parking results full for other customers. token attracts token every parkingo activity repaid gotokens: when you check-in online buy additional services leave feedback our services transactions safer and faster transactions and lower fees payments loyalty incentive program reward program incentivize the protagonists: -customer -employee -affiliated car park parkingo gotoken white paper blockchain ecosystem blockchain ecosystem integration the first blockchain process protagonists the client the parkingo platform affiliated car parks employees this process connects customer satisfaction with car park companies affiliated the parkingo network and its employees. the client, when checking out, will asked leave feedback about the service allowing him receive gotokens whether the feedback positive negative. the client books his parking space via the parkingo e-commerce platform the client uses all parkingo services the client leaves feedback the facilities check-in services check-out services parkingo gotoken white paper blockchain ecosystem token flow reward process token flow reward process address public blockchain (ethereum) has provided each protagonist address private blockchain (gotnet) will assigned each player all incentives and rewards processes are registered the private, in-house developed, blockchain (gotnet) the customer leaves feedback and immediately receives gotokens its private address whether the feedback positive negative the affiliated parking owner immediately receives gotokens its private address. the feedback positive the affiliated parking employee immediately receives gotokens its private address. the feedback positive each player can request the payout from the private gotnet its public address only when the transaction value reaches gotokens. parkingo platform check-in employee gotnet check-out employee the client affiliated car park parkingo gotoken white paper why use gotnet and not directly the public blockchain? lower block time with increased performance gas costs transparency and immutability the recorded data gotnet exposed publicly and accessible all players via our online block explorer private gotnet will extended the future other parkingo services, all with eye towards transparency with the customer why the payout effective only when the transaction value reaches gotokens? make the use the ethereum blockchain economically viable our business flow allow players cash the gotokens without unnecessary gas costs parkingo gotoken white paper ico metrics gotoken erc utility token, based the ethereum blockchain. overview token name token ticker total gotoken supply number tokens available for sale soft cap hard cap emission conversion rate got/eth conversion rate minimum transaction amount maximum transaction amount max transaction amount without kyc gotoken got got got usd usd more tokens will ever created. unsold tokens will destroyed. got announced before ico start eth eth eth parkingo gotoken white paper ico program our ico will start june, the and will run for two weeks until the hard cap reached. all gotokens will available during the token sale. june cet june the token sale week kicks off the token sale week closes june the gotoken immediately spendable the parkingo's platform parkingo gotoken white paper token distribution the total amount tokens will available during the token sale. the tokens will assigned internal reserve fund, these tokens will used for future financing, expand the business worldwide beyond european countries. the tokens the reserve fund will locked. after months from ico tokens will unlocked after months from ico another tokens will unlocked after months from ico another tokens will unlocked after months from ico the last tokens will unlocked the tokens will rewarded the team over time for their important role value creation the project whole, order motivate them and gain their total commitment will reserved bounty programs and airdrops. all tokens will available the company liquidity fund. this fund will used only necessary. the total amount tokens will provided the advisors and will locked for months and will unlocked monthly until reaching the month, make sure they will committed the project well for sufficient amount time. advisors liquidity fund bounty programs and airdrops token sale team reserve fund locking scheme intend lock the tokens for fixed period reduce the probability dump when gotokens hit the market. tokens assigned team and advisors will locked for months and made available proportionally. the tokens will available monthly basis, for the amount. parkingo gotoken white paper use proceeds currently, parkingo active countries europe: italy spain switzerland germany france belgium austria intend expand our business other countries around the world, consolidating the most relevant markets europe the end and, starting from the international expansion with the aim covering the global airport market with reference the business expansion, the ico proceeds could also used finance the acquisition competitors business assets and/or companies. anyway, the aim such acquisition will always the development around the world parkingo model and innovative idea. business development marketing team growth software technology g&a others parkingo gotoken white paper team team giuliano rovelli davide rovelli alfonso vidal silvio cavallo founder ceo coo cmo gemma voces pons ilaria costa valeria luini fabrizio perra affiliation manager customer care manager visual designer community manager tommy tognella eleonora altana raoul meroni michele festini cto blockchain developer front-end developer blockchain developer andrea laghi stefano pierobon marco lucchetti back-end developer mobile developer advisor mohammed ramadani advisor parkingo gotoken white paper legal governance and compliance general informations a.a order fund the development parkingo international ("parkingo" the "company"), parkingo tokens (["gotokens"]) will created the ethereum blockchain and will sold the public (the "ico placement"). a.b gotokens will issued technical process that uses the technology. this open source protocol over which the company has rights, control liability terms its development and operation. the gotoken distribution mechanism will controlled smart contract; this involves computer program that can executed the ethereum network blockchain network that compatible with smart contract programming language. a.c gotoken token that will allow the user access the service provided the parkingo platform ("utility token"). a.d the sale gotoken final: the gotoken non-refundable and not redeemable. a.e the day the ico placement, gotoken does not have the legal qualification security pursuant swiss law and therefore not qualified asset token pursuant the guidelines (the "guidelines") issued february swiss financial market supervisory authority ("finma"). a.f gotoken does not have performance particular value outside the parkingo platform. gotoken shall therefore not purchased used for speculative investment purposes. a.g the day the ico placement, the gotoken sale currently not subject the federal act stock exchanges and securities trading law and the financial market infrastructure act, which ensure that the sale certain products assets subject regulatory scrutiny for the investors' protection and may only sold investors provided that, inter alia, the respective documentation include all the proper disclosures and that the sale investments. token documentation b.a this white paper (the "white paper") together with the gotoken terms and conditions (the "terms conditions", see https://parkingo.io/en/terms), amended from time time, shall form the entire documentation for the gotoken sale (the "token documentation"). knowledge required c.a any purchaser gotoken (the "purchaser") shall understand and have significant experience cryptocurrencies, blockchain systems and services, and understand the risks associated with the crowdsale well the mechanisms related the use cryptocurrencies (including the storage). c.b the purchaser shall carefully review the token documentation understand the risks, costs and benefits associated with the purchase, storage and use gotokens. risks d.a acquiring gotoken and storing them involves various risks, particular (but not limited to) the risk that parkingo may not able launch its platform and/or its operations, develop exploit its blockchain and/or provide the services which the gotoken relates forced (in particular due changes the legal environment and/or issuance new laws regulations and/or new leading interpretation current legal framework and/or case law, which might also have retroactive effect) stop its operations change its business model. therefore, and prior acquiring gotoken, any user should carefully consider the risks, costs and benefits acquiring gotoken the context the crowdsale and, necessary, obtain independent legal and tax advice this regard. any interested person who not the position accept understand the risks associated with the activity (including the risks related the non-development the parkingo platform) any other risks indicated herein the token documentation) shall not acquire the gotokens. parkingo gotoken white paper investment invitation e.a this white paper shall not and cannot considered invitation enter into investment. does not constitute relate any way nor should considered interpreted offering securities any jurisdiction. e.b the white paper does not include nor contain any information indication that might considered recommendation that might used base any investment decision. e.c this document does not constitute offer invitation purchase shares, bonds, securities rights relating parkingo any related associated company (the "company's group"). security f.a gotoken are not convertible shares certificates the company parkingo's group and not grant any right receive any such share certificate. f.b gotokens not confer any direct indirect right parkingo's parkingo's group capital income and, particular, not grant any right dividends interests any other share participation the parkingo parkingo's group revenue earnings. f.c gotoken not proof ownership any assets belonging the company parkingo's group right control over parkingo parkingo's group and does not grant the owner any right assets parkingo parkingo's group. f.d gotoken are not shares participation certificates and not give any right participate to, vote in, the general meeting parkingo parkingo's group influence any way the respective corporate governance the decisions the corporate bodies the company parkingo's group. f.e subject article below, based the above, the date the ico placement, the company considers that gotoken does not have the legal qualification security pursuant swiss law and does therefore not qualify "asset token" switzerland interpreted finma the guidelines. f.f and pursuant the guidelines and current practice, the gotoken utility token which can used only gives access the parkingo platform and not intended used investment. f.g the offering gotoken trading platform done allow additional users use and/or access the parkingo platform and not for speculative purposes and does not change the legal qualification the token utility token. parkingo gotoken white paper changes the legal environment g.a the ico placement and the purchase gotokens taking place within legal environment that still under development. regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing businesses and operations associated cryptocurrencies the world. g.b regulatory measures, investigations actions may impact parkingo's business and even limit prevent from performing developing its operations. g.c any person acquiring gotoken shall aware that parkingo's business model and the token documentation may change because new legal, regulatory and compliance requirements from any applicable laws any jurisdictions, even with retroactive effect. such case, purchasers and anyone acquiring gotoken acknowledge and accept that neither parkingo nor any its affiliates shall held liable for any direct indirect loss damage caused such changes. g.d parkingo is, the date issue this white paper, not financial intermediary according swiss law and not required obtain any authorization for anti-money laundering purpose. this qualification may change any time the services offered parkingo will considered financial intermediation activity pursuant applicable law. this event, the use parkingo services will require the positive conclusion aml/kyc identification process and the purchaser agrees immediately provide company, upon its respective request, all requested documents and information necessary useful the company fulfill its legal obligations. this not offer investment advise representations and warranties h.a this white paper shall not construed offer, personal recommendation solicitation conclude transaction and should not treated giving investment advice. h.b parkingo not considered advisor any legal, tax financial matters. any information the white paper given for general information purpose only and parkingo does not provide any representation and/or warranty the accuracy and completeness the information included the white paper. h.c given the lack qualification the crypto-token most countries, the purchaser strongly advised carry out legal and tax analysis concerning the purchase and ownership gotoken according his/her/its nationality and place residence. important information and disclaimer i.a parkingo will its utmost launch its operations, develop the parkingo platform and/or provide the services highlighted this white paper. anyone undertaking acquire gotoken shall aware that parkingo does not provide any guarantee that will able achieve the project highlighted this white paper. i.b subscribing gotoken, the parkingo assumes liability responsibility for any loss damage that would result from relate the user failure receive (or timely receive) the gotokens the incapacity use gotokens, well for any failure malfunction the respective smart contract, except case intentional misconduct gross negligence directly attributable the company. i.c gotoken based the ethereum protocol. any malfunction, unplanned function unexpected operation the ethereum protocol may cause the parkingo network gotoken malfunction operate way that not expected. moreover, the native ethereum protocol account unit may itself lose value similar way gotokens, and also other ways. parkingo assumes liability responsibility this respect except case intentional misconduct gross negligence directly attributable the company. i.d parkingo assumes liability responsibility whatsoever for any loss gotoken situations making impossible access gotoken, which may result from any actions omissions the user, well case hacker attacks. parkingo gotoken white paper user representations and warranties j.a participating the ico placement and purchasing gotokens the purchaser confirms that he/she/it: has read and understood the token documentation and accepts legally bound its terms; has sufficient knowledge about the nature the cryptographic tokens and has significant experience with, and functional understanding of, the usage and intricacies dealing with cryptographic tokens, cryptocurrencies and blockchain-based systems and services; has fully understood and accepts the risks connected with the purchase the token outlined the token documentation, including those related possible changes the legal environment; familiar with all related regulations, particular (but not limited to) the specific jurisdiction which the purchaser based, and has received competent advice that participating icos and purchasing cryptographic tokens not prohibited, restricted subject additional conditions any kind; entitled purchase gotokens the ico placement without requiring any local authorization and compliance with the local, state, and national laws and regulations when purchasing; authorized and has full power purchase gotoken; not and will not the time the ico placement u.s. citizen, resident entity "us person") nor the purchaser purchasing gotokens behalf person; not and will not the time the ico placement chinese resident entity nor the purchaser purchasing gotokens signing behalf chinese resident entity; will not use the ico placement for any illegal activity, including but not limited to, for money laundering and/or the financing terrorism; the purchase and storage the token will not constitute violation breach any applicable law the purchaser, particular his country residence citizenship; purchases gotoken because he/she/it wishes have access the parkingo platform; and not purchasing gotoken for the purpose speculative investment usage. governing law arbitration k.a the token documentation, the parkingo ico operation and the purchase the gotokens shall governed and construed accordance with the substantive laws switzerland without regard the conflicts law rules and without regard the rules the vienna convention the international sale goods dated april k.b any dispute, controversy claim arising out connection with the token documentation, the ico placement and/or the purchase the gotokens, shall finally settled accordance with the swiss rules international arbitration the swiss chambers' arbitration institution force the date which the notice arbitration submitted accordance with these rules. the number arbitrators shall (three), the arbitrators appointed accordance with the said rules. the seat the arbitration shall lugano, switzerland. the language the arbitration shall english.