patientory: healthcare peer-to-peer emr storage network chrissa mcfarlane, michael beer, jesse brown, nelson prendergast may this document for informational purposes only and does not constitute offer solicitation sell shares securities patientory any related associated company. any such offer solicitation will made only means confidential offering memorandum and accordance with the terms all applicable securities and other laws. abstract blockchain powered health information exchange (hie) can unlock the true value interoperability and cyber security. this system has the potential eliminate the friction and costs current third party intermediaries, when considering population health management. there are promises improved data integrity, reduced transaction costs, decentralization and disintermediation trust. being able coordinate patient care via blockchain hie essentially alleviates unnecessary services and duplicate tests with lowering costs and improvements efficiencies the continuum care cycle, while adhering all hipaa rules and standards. patient-centered protocol supported blockchain technology, patientory changing the way healthcare stakeholders manage electronic medical data and interact with clinical care teams. introduction what blockchain? the technology behind the bitcoin digital currency, blockchain's birth traced the pseudonymous, unidentified person (or group) known satoshi nakamoto. since blockchain has gained more widespread use the finance industry, with variety new blockchain-enabled businesses and services entering the market. blockchain's technology used share ledger transactions across business network without control any single entity. the distributed ledger makes easier create cost-efficient commercial relationships where virtually anything value that can tracked and traded without requiring central point control. the technology puts privacy and control data the hands the individual. trust and integrity established without reliance third-party intermediaries. current healthcare infrastructure the realignment from "procedure" based focus "holistic care the individual" requires care providers form "networks" that work together towards common goal improving the care outcome patients under care, for postacute care episodes between acute care episodes. the need for cooperation between care-providers ranging from specialists, primary care physicians, caregivers and wellness providers (like nutritionist and rehabilitation nurses) results increasing use digital technologies. though these solutions have significantly improved the tracking and efficiency for delivering care, they have resulted creating silos health information, primarily within electronic medical records (emr) systems. health and government organizations spend significant amount time and money setting and managing traditional information systems and data exchanges; requiring resources continuously troubleshoot issues, update field parameters, perform backup and recovery measures, and extract information for reporting purposes. federal laws and incentive programs have made health care data more accessible, response hospital pushback regarding emr implementation. however, the vast majority hospital systems still can't easily (or safely) share their data. result, doctors are spending more time typing than actually talking patients. physician burnouts jumped from percent between and []. although there exists the notion "individualized" health information both the clinical well wellness front, these have not translated into "personalized" plans care. furthermore, even though there plethora data, the overall healthcare ecosystem incapable adequately engineering value risk big data help better predict future care episodes patient. hence the current solutions pursued the health care technology industry have resulted difficult choice between care and privacy/economic fraud for patients. see this issue greatly expanding more data being created the industry. blockchain's secure technology, properties, and distributed nature can help reduce the cost and efficiency these operations well provide viable security infrastructure. patient-provider relationship the new healthcare paradigm demands the need for effective and optimal care delivery for patients yield better care outcomes. this requires that principal care providers are able actively coordinate and collaborate with other care providers involved and ancillary health organizations like labs and pharmacies care delivery. ultimately, for this successfully patient records need updated and modified timely manner. figure patientory schematic emr software currently prohibits effective patient-provider relationship. patient portals have minimal engagement among patients, result the siloed patient experience. furthermore, this software only provides limited capability exchange information from one system another and usually requires designated individual who capable such information transfer. this has led increasing amount delay between organizations delivering care for the patient and also resulted the overall decrease quality delivery care services the patient. also, care providers are spending more their time involved coordination care, their effectiveness treatment patients and workload has significantly increased. this has resulted counter-intuitive impact care outcomes for patients. addition, given that many doctors don't want patients access ehrs, patients adopt passive role tracking their health. this ultimately makes them feel lack control and ownership their health leading the patient becoming frustrated and being disengaged their care. though there recent increase mobile health care apps helping individuals track their vitals and health parameters, the novelty has not translated improved patient care adherence and outcomes too faces the challenges getting integrated into ehrs. system overview these current issues are solved using the patientory blockchain network. legacy emr are centralized structures subject hacking, strict security regulations, and onerous overhead costs. implementing the patientory blockchain infrastructure, providers will see minimized breaches due the inherent access control properties the system; channel for facilitated care coordination with results overall improvement health outcomes. above schematic describing the patientory blockchain infrastructure and its interoperability among patients and their providers. system implementation hipaa regulations and compliance guidelines prior any meaningful discussion implementations, the restrictions enforced the mandates the health insurance portability and accountability act (hipaa) must addressed. those rules primary concern are the privacy rule, the security rule, and the cloud computing guidelines. the intent this paper not perform full investigation hipaa law. those elements that are pertinent the implementation discussion shall defined and further discussed upon the moment relevant application. privacy rule the business model patientory provides that the privacy rule requirements must observed due the electronic storage and transmission private health information. applicability the privacy rule summarized as, "the privacy rule. (applies) health plans, health care clearinghouses, and any healthcare provider who transmits health information electronic form" []. addition these agents, those parties that act their behalf, service providers, are also responsible for hipaa compliance. these second hand agents are termed business associates (ba), and the legal document that defines the rules and regulations that the must adhere termed business associate contract (bac). hipaa places strict requirements the nature these agreements. the points merit, from initial investigation, are those requirements that specify the authorization use, the use de-identified information, and the definition private information. private health information (phi ephi for electronic data) defined "all individually identifiable health information held transmitted covered entity its business associate, any form media, whether electronic, paper, oral"[]. de-identified health information defined "health information that does not identify individual and with respect which there reasonable basis believe that the information can used identify individual not individually identifiable health information" []. de-identified data use restrictions are summarized the following, "there are restrictions the use disclosure de-identified health information. de-identified health information neither identifies nor provides reasonable basis identify individual" []. the boundary identifiable data de-identifiable data defined any information that may restrict the possible number individuals collection information associated with less than the total population. security rule and cloud computing guidelines due the length the content associated with this topic, only those elements primary concern are isolated for reference. these primary concerns are follows, "when covered entity engages the services csp create, receive, maintain, transmit ephi (such process and/or store ephi), its behalf, the csp business associate under hipaa. further, when business associate subcontracts with csp create, receive, maintain, transmit ephi its behalf, the csp subcontractor itself business associate. this true even the csp processes stores only encrypted ephi and lacks encryption key for the data. lacking encryption key does not exempt csp from business associate status and obligations under the hipaa rules. result, the covered entity (or business associate) and the csp must enter into hipaa-compliant business associate agreement (baa), and the csp both contractually liable for meeting the terms the baa and directly liable for compliance with the applicable requirements the hipaa rules" []. covered entities often use cloud storage providers (csps) store health information, often citing that more cost effective and there are lower management costs. however, consumers rely cloud providers store personal data, they relinquish direct control over that data and, result are unaware who has access and where the data geographically located. even explicit business associate agreement developed between the and the cloud storage provider, would only provide the terms who takes responsibility the privacy and security the data the event breach occurs. the consumer would potentially have control over access these data streams, but would rely the cloud storage provider enforce those privileges. although the use cloud storage popular, there are still number risks that consumer undertakes when using this mechanism for their personal data. cloud-based architecture, data replicated and moved frequently, the risks unauthorized data use increases. additionally, multiple individuals are granted potential access the data, such administrators, network engineers, and technical experts that perform services on, for, the servers that host this data. this also increases the risk unauthorized access and use. however, even the data secure through strict access controls and encrypted its point origin and while transit, still poses problem for the development patient-reported outcomes measures (proms). the concept prom develop patient-focused measure that relates area focus that concern the patient, and one which their engagement and feedback essential for its successful implementation. accessing large data streams from variety devices that are part the iot network, used now, conjunction with cloud based services can provide foundation which base prom, but difficult know whether that data siloed the cloud will produce measure that will have the intended meaning and relevancy for patient. implementation blockchain technology ensure and enhance data security for all the medical records associated with the system can minimize health breaches and ultimate decentralization record ownership. the process encrypting data when sent database using different algorithms and decrypting during the retrieval will used.data shall encrypted using nist compliant algorithms during transmission and retrieval mandated law. thus, all exchange information will comply with those best practices outlined the nist specifications. regards the rapid growing number data breaches facing the healthcare industry, blockchain technology makes hipaa compliance feasible for both patients and providers. blockchain system analysis limitations due hipaa restrictions the ethereum blockchain facilitates diverse subset system implementations due the application turing complete programming language that executed the ethereum virtual machine. these systems have limitations that the virtual machine has direct outward facing inspection the broader internet except through the use oracle services. additionally, the storage limitations the blockchain are enforced the gas cost storage and gas cost access this data. this writing, the block time the chain establishes minimum bound for state modifying requests least fifteen seconds. the limitation the blockchain host private information may overcome through data obfuscation, such encryption, but the event that the decryption key ever leaked, there way remove the sensitive data itself from the blockchain. for the purpose hipaa compliant data, this may potentially result persistent, uncorrectable leak information due the immutability the blockchain itself. although de-identified data may, theory, stored the public ethereum blockchain, would disastrous assume that the de-identification filtering mechanism will never fail, that the sideband information associated with blockchain interactions can not inadvertently reveal identity. this conclusion was also reached the mit media lab during the formation the medrec protocols and summarized the medrec whitepaper []. mining this sideband information may simple observing timestamps and interactions with known data storage contracts. through this analysis may possible associate individual with institution, and more importantly the time during which they were present facility. given the specialized nature some facilities, this enough information constitute violation hipaa compliance due passive observer's ability infer both identity, location, time interaction, and possibly, class diagnosis. pending that this location remote nature, the reduction less than the population becomes trivial. these facts constitute unreasonable single point failures that must acknowledged. further, the direct storage even encrypted information the blockchain creates responsibility the database managers enter into bac due their actions hipaa data storage facility (see section titled security rule and cloud computing guidelines). this unreasonable expectation since every miner, and even those individuals hosting passive nodes, would all need hipaa compliant. due these concerns, implement mechanism for the persistent storage sensitive information through the use private implementation ethereum based blockchain. implementation goals for usability and security the primary goals any secure system may summarized the goals confidentiality, integrity, availability, accountability and information/identity assurance. order accommodate these goals attacker and user must defined. each these roles demands certain acknowledgements ability. from the perspective the user, the system need sufficiently transparent that advanced knowledge needed. also, due the inability the normal user grasp the complex considerations cybersecurity, the process needs resistant the actions the user. the event that attack does occur, the system created such that the amount effort that must invested compromise resource worth more than the value the resource itself. this due the realization that sufficiently advanced party with appropriate resources will always capable violating any system, given enough time and effort. more compactly, there perfect defense. with these restrictions mind, the implementation itself may now discussed such that achieve all the goals previously mentioned. definition hardware and network implementation accommodate the above stated design goals, the selected system implementation requires several independent systems. each system subdivides authority, ensures only authorized entities may interact approved manner, and provides mechanism increase security while maintaining availability. this system has also been devised such that scaling may readily accomplished through the addition hierarchical calling schemes. these systems are fully described detail below. the public facing entity remote procedure call (rpc) server that acts interface private implementation the ethereum blockchain (permissioned blockchain). this network blockchain nodes, only authorized interact with the other blockchain nodes, key authoring entity, the hipaa compliant storage facility, and the rpc server. the key authoring entity the resource that generates private/public key pairs for use the blockchain. the hipaa compliant storage facility hosts the actual data that constitutes electronic private health information (ephi). when request for data does occur, the hipaa compliant system may authorized speak the forwarding agent, who then re-routes data back the rpc server. alternatively, may structured such that the hipaa storage speaks directly the rpc server. each implementation has benefits that must considered prior final selection. either event, the hipaa storage facility decrypts the relevant portions the database upon request handling. this decrypted information then re-encrypted using the public key the requesting party for transmission. this public key also the public key the contract that acts the control interface from the blockchain the hipaa data. the diagram the specified network topology may seen figure definition software implementation addition the physical isolation systems the hardware and network implementation, software access control facilitates the integrity data and figure patientory blockchain network topography verification authorization for requesting entities. the software system, from the perspective access control and data encryption described below. the hipaa compliant database will only accept inbound connections from the hipaa forwarder. this ensures that the flow traffic isolated known controlled paths. the hipaa forwarder will only act forward request the hipaa storage facility pending valid transaction has occurred the blockchain, and this transaction resulted the emission requesting event. this requesting event need contain the public key the requesting party, and those data fields being requested. finally, the rpc server uses access controlled application program interface (api) such that only known users may interact with the server. order understand the call hierarchy the system, the contract structure facilitate access control must first addressed. every user the system maps private address the private blockchain. every private address only authorized directly speak one contract the block chain. this contract the individual's class contract. institutions, institution employees, and customers are class level objects. these class level objects are permission-based interfaces. the institution contract has list all customers that have granted viewing privileges the institution and each customer contract has list all institutions that has granted permission to. the contract held the institution has functions that facilitate any revocation permissions the institution, from the user. the institution contract may not self alter this list, thus preventing unauthorized access individuals' records. additionally, the institution contract possesses list authorized employees that fully capable maintaining. this permission scheme should ideally function such that automatic revocation permission performed semi-regular intervals prevent institution from inadvertently preserving former employees' access rights. within this system, all external parties interact through the submission signed transactions that encode the requesting call. these transactions are submitted through the rpc server upon user validation. the rpc server posts these requests the data aggregation server who then forwards these requests the miners based load sharing mechanism. the miners then process the request submitting the transaction behalf the calling party the party's respective controlling contract. this contract holds the permissions the data that the entity authorized access internal the contract. this contract the only entity that will accept transaction from outside request. thus, mechanism established fully control call operations the blockchain. for any given transaction, immutable record the calling party created. this ensures that all attempts access information are recorded. the actual data stored within the user contract system hash pointers that when resolved the hipaa storage server result the return the appropriate data. this information bubbled the hipaa forwarder the execution valid request transaction. the mechanism that facilitates this communication indirect and manifests through the blockchain event mes saging system. due the limitation that the requester may only query the database valid transaction, and the user may not directly alter their own information, access control provable. from the perspective institutions, the mechanisms are similar except the institution contract hosts list users from whom may request data and list users who may interact with this institution employees. when request transaction originates from the contract institution employee, the controlling contract calls the institution contract, who calls the user contract ask for the data pointers that resolve ephi. pending the institution the list approved institutions for the user, the contract returns the appropriate hash pointers. these pointers are then published event message that again bubbles the hipaa storage facility. for clarity, the full process single request follows: the external party requests data from the service calling the rpc server with cryptographically signed transaction for submission the blockchain. the rpc server verifies the external party's identity via the signature login request. pending the signature matches entry the database permissioned public keys, the rpc server accepts the request and submits the request the data aggregate machine. the data aggregate machine then submits the requests the private blockchain verifiers. the verifiers receive the request call from blockchain account against target contract. the verifiers execute this call, and the event that the request allowable action, the transaction entered the next block. this transaction also causes the emission event message the blockchain. this event message observed the hipaa forwarder, who acts create encrypted request against the hipaa storage based the hashes the event message. this message also contains the public key the requesting party. the hipaa compliant database system observes this request and transmits encrypted copy the information the rpc server using the public key the requesting party. the rpc server then returns this information the requesting party remapping the requesting the public key the message. the rpc server transmits this message without ever having seen the underlying data. this data then immediately destroyed the rpc server, thus ensuring that the rpc server acts conduit that need not hipaa compliant. the mechanism publish data again similar nature, but the data that submitted encrypted with the public key the hipaa storage facility. the other operations are identical except the data that being posted bubbles through the event message system. thus, due the use low collision hashing functions and timestamped nonces, data may stored with the contract being capable computing the address which submitted data located within the hipaa storage facility. finally, the distribution private keys entities must addressed. this may facilitated through optical means smartphone users. this analogous the use codes addresses for ethereum addresses. alternate means may also established using applications both desktop computers and tablet/smartphone devices. the loss key not catastrophic event, due the ability administratively strip controlling contract's access control from one key and grant another. interoperability ehr systems are based isolated credential validation architecture which patient data kept each the separate systems. this has resulted one-toone care co-ordination software "add-ons" solutions these systems enable the coordination care across other providers and ancillary health organizations. however, the access the information from the principal provider organization the other organizations only via limited capability instances such read, submit, send notify. furthermore, the patient/consumer has very limited interaction involvement this exchange information. addition, drawback the existent mechanisms data exchange the difficulty rectification errors that occur during the submission process. once blockchain and its smart contracts are configured, the parameters become absolute. the patient becomes the primary intermediary sending and receiving health information negating the need for frequent updates and troubleshooting any software. since blockchain records are also immutable and stored across all participating users, recovery contingencies are unnecessary. moreover, blockchain's transparent information structure could abolish many data exchange integration points and time consuming reporting activities. processes and scalability users are control all their information and transfers which ensures high quality data which complete, consistent, timely, accurate, and widely available thus making durable and reliable. due the decentralized database, blockchain does not have central point failure and better able withstand malicious attacks. figure blockchain process flow diagram any care network necessary ensure that participants who are collaborating together can depend each other deliver the necessary services that are expected them. achieve that, there has means ensure accountability task and services that are expected delivered timely manner and also associated liability they are not delivered timely manner the level quality that expected. hence, any health care infrastructure has capable seamlessly being able monitor the necessary information enable the primary care provider evaluate his care network. furthermore, the care network grows and these interaction between network care providers increase the health care infrastructure should capable effectively addressing this scale. the key aspect building highly scalable and distributed care management system peer-to-peer architectural framework. such framework has already been used number industry segments like, media, sports, real estate, supply-chain, displaying blockchain can easily add-on software connector existing centralized frameworks[]. this has led explore using the block chain framework for its applicability help with enabling peer-to-peer framework for healthcare. block-chain holds the promise validating two more entities engaged "healthcare transaction". this provides two key attributes compared centralized authentication model. the first being, that interested parties can engage with each other "transaction level" "trust relationship". the second that the liability exposure such relationship limited only "transaction level" engagement. this very useful limits the access information and liabilities between parties involved and the same time enables party get into transaction relationship with number other providers based their specific capabilities and type care delivered the patient. this significantly better than conventional centralized systems needing limit the number providers for wide range patient needs due effort required manage the access and liabilities. health information exchange and tokens the patientory token (ptoy) the fuel for driving the blockchain infrastructure. the primary usage the token regulate network storage allocation, health care quality measures and revenue payment cycles. patients are given allotted amount space store information for free the patientory network. ptoy allows them purchase extra storage space from nodes set hospitals systems. ptoy can purchased via the platform exchange. healthcare organizations use ptoy this instance well. also used payments once smart contracts are executed with healthcare insurance companies and serves mechanism regulate value based model metrics. order for the successfully move away from the fee-for-service model the current value-based model, there has healthcare infrastructure that allows organizations link quality, value and effectiveness medical interventions through reputable compensation model. compensation will based how effective the network providers' work together ensure improvement the quality care and wellness outcomes, while the same time reducing associated care cost. truly incentivize different participants the network pro-actively create better care regimes, merit based compensation shared savings (reimbursements) takes effect. order effectively allocate proportionate share the provider the network that contributed the most towards the overall savings, clear tracking their contribution measurable executed smart contracts the blockchain network another key impact the new healthcare paradigm the compensation model where-in the providers are eligible for receiving additional compensation beyond the care delivered. this compensation the result savings that are generated based how effectively the providers manage the care the patient's health outcome (incentives). any savings generated through efficient management the patient's care can retained the providers and their network partners part the shared savings aspect the new healthcare paradigm. our proposal renders the ability for payors transfer tokens incentives providers that achieve these quality metrics. the ability seamlessly track and manage smart contracts which the benefits can redeemed with significant ease provides the necessary "carrot" for providers and patients actively engage symbiotic collaboration. contrarily, one more participants falters appropriate penalties, via liabilities, can also levied with similar ease. this "carrot/stick" approach will provide the necessary push that needed shift the healthcare industry from sickness management mindset wellness lifestyle mindset. henceforth, patientory issued tokens (ptoy), the native token the patientory platform. exchange ptoy tokens, users will able use the network rent health information storage space, and execute health specific smart contract payments and transactions. firmly believe that using token the best payment system support this infrastructure for the foreseeable future. the future vibrant ecosystem many tokens, for which healthcare will need closed loop payment system place. the result will efficient care cycle management positive feedback loop with significant decreases billions dollars currently attributed healthcare payment fraud []. the system also incentives those large organizations with ample server storage trade tokens with small medium sized healthcare organizations that will need direct access into the blockchain health network without directly implementing node. though, the new healthcare policies provide the potential incentivize providers work together improve care pathways, the current ehr architectures come short enabling this ability, thus, simply granting receiving tokens facilitates this process. therefore, the value the tokens are tied the volume transactions executed the network. the patientory network consistently increases token transactions the demand for the token increases, resulting increased value. figure patientory token value function transactions token acquisition ptoy can acquired through patientory's native app, crypto-currency market and from another patient, physician insurer via transfer. platform users will have the ability acquire ptoy sending ether ("eth") the ptoy creation contract the blockchain during pre-sale. the patientory interface will integrate third party trading solutions such shapeshift and coinbase for users who not have eth. the patientory token initial distribution will the form presale. anyone will able acquire ptoy discount rate pledging eth into the token sale smart contract. those with other cryptocurrencies such etc btc can create ptoy via third-party conversion service that will available the pre-sale page. the founding team will receive allocation ptoy, subject twelve month holding period. these tokens will serve longterm incentive for the patientory founding team. additional will allocated the patientory foundation fund used for research and development regarding blockchain technology for healthcare use cases. smart contracts and insurance claim processing auto-adjudication the complexity medical billing and the third-party reimbursement processes for patients often leads confusion misunderstanding between patient, medical provider, and insurer. these complications lead some consumers unaware when, whom, for what amount they owe medical bill even whether payment was their responsibility the insurance provider. patientory platform engineered leverage both ethereum blockchain technologies and fast healthcare interoperability resources (fhir) compliant application program interfaces (apis) increase efficiencies, enable near realtime claim adjudication, provide transparent agreements between stakeholders and decrease fraud. fhir was created industry standard format data thereby reducing integration complexity for healthcare and insurance legacy systems. key aspect our solution, due the cost adding data the blockchain, limiting that data only what needed for the smart contracts execute. with billing and insurance related costs expected reach billion dollars (usd) and medical offices spending hours each week interacting with payers, our platform can bring substantial relief these operational costs. methods that may employed for the analysis cross correlation for diagnostic information may also used analyze claim data for fraudulent activity. this analysis may also reveal actions such drug seeking behavior due the instance multiple claims. both these use cases add value propositions for the use this system insurance companies, but the ultimate benefit beyond this information. due the rule based system that enforced the smart contract system, entire coverage agreements may encoded smart contracts that are referenced against end users. this would allow for medical facility query the system verify the existence coverage prior service delivery. the use the system host cost information also allows for the automatic billing between institutions and individuals token based debt. thus institution and individual may readily knowledgeable costs they are incurred. this removes workload from accounting departments, thus additional value system adoption. for this reason patientory closed loop payment system. expected that cross chain linking may even allow for the secure exchange value through the public ethereum blockchain. this mechanism already solved for the arbitration bitcoin transactions, although does require trusted entity act oracle. feasibility through the use existing mechanisms, this architecture may readily constructed. one such example would the linking amazon web service's hipaa compliant data storage system with the readily deployable erisdb. this saas enables rapid deployment ethereum smart contract capable blockchain with fully permissioned access controls such those mentioned above. the addition the passive nodes would need constructed, but this minimal development cost compared the development the complete architecture. with patientory's three-tiered smart contract architecture, only subset the features smart contract are implemented the ethereum blockchain. complex business logic removed from the execution path, which allows the data tier optimized reflect the distributed nature the network. the components the smart contract package implemented the ethereum blockchain are the database schema, validation and verification transactions that append the ledger, and query optimization logic for reading the ledger. the business logic pulled above the ethereum blockchain separate middle (business) layer. this logic code accesses variety services, including secure execution, attestation, identity, cryptographic support, data formatting, reliable messaging, triggers, and the ability bind that code schema specific smart contracts any number blockchains, allowing patientory plug and play into various healthcare consortiums. these services are provided fabric, where the individual pieces code that support the smart contracts can execute, send transactions blockchain nodes, and bound the schema the data tier. additional unique benefits although medical institution, such hospital should not have access any records that have not been specifically approved, having users pre-authorize the sharing information under emergency circumstances, the end user could derive additional benefit from participation the service. with this mind, the need medical facility access the records unresponsive person emergency constitutes situation that merits privilege escalation given the user has previously authorized this access. the event that person unresponsive, and has their cell phone present, the institution may prove possession individual's device using secondary signature method that available from the lock screen smart-phone. this second key must not the same private key the primary account. thus, institution account submits request the blockchain containing the public key individual and the smart-phone that individual has submitted emergency signature, the blockchain may escalate privilege allow access medical records would not otherwise have access to. this private key should considered burnable and replaced the individual soon possible. this manner, the secure exchange information between individual and authorized institution may facilitated emergency conditions. should institution request this information without appropriate authorization, the individual would notified the actions. the individual denies this request within threshold interval, the data not shared. further, institution attempts multiple fraudulent requests, the institution may punished revocation privilege, monetary punishment, and/or legal actions. the damage caused losing cellular device minimal due the need for both cellular device and institution level key. the foreseeable future, all insurance cards could embedded with cryptographic micro-controllers, such modern credit cards possess, that would facilitate the same operation independent smart phone. national/international health-care priorities personalized care achieve effective superior care, person centric approach important. such approach should take into account not only the clinical aspects but the social and economic factors that impede one's ability successfully engage care compliance and healthy living yield sustained wellness. yield effective care outcomes requires clearly identifying the barriers individual health and life situations. with the growing number patients having co-morbidities, the "siloed" one-type care fits-all care delivery approach not conducive motivating and addressing effective care outcomes. hence more flexible care model tailored include patients' multi-faceted health and wellness needs has considered. this requires that comprehensive, dynamic interactive care plan which the patient can actively track, manage, and participate the individual's care vital. clinical outcomes patient-related outcome measures (proms), which focus outcomes that are directly related the patient, have taken added importance and significance over the past several years. this due, part, the increased attention focused the patient experience care and provide patient-focused assessment the burden and impact disease. proms can include symptoms and other aspects health -related quality life indicators such physical social function, treatment adherence, and satisfaction with treatment. they can also facilitate more accurate patient-physician communication terms the burden treatment-related morbidities providing more detailed and complete evaluation treatments for specific conditions, such cancer multiple sclerosis. proms are distinct from traditional clinical efficacy measures (e.g., survival cancer, smoking cessation) because they directly reflect the impact disease and its treatment from the patient's perspective. these measures can examine the balance between the efficiency the treatment and its burden the patient. also effective looking areas such physical functioning and overall well-being, and highlighting the efficacy and safety treatments relation its overall clinical benefit. because the measures themselves are developed from the patient's perspective, can also facilitate greater patient involvement treatment decision-making well providing guidance for health care decisions. essentially, reinforcing blockchain prom infrastructure reinforces the ability incentivize providers and payors meeting care standards. conclusion blockchain will play increasingly significant role healthcare and bring beneficial disruption and new efficiencies every stakeholder the ecosystem. vitally important that healthcare organizations understand the core blockchain technology ensure they are ready for the changes the technology entails. the result will new generation powerful, blockchain-based applications that will shape the next era business healthcare. for blockchain fulfill its potential healthcare, must based standards assure the compatibility and interoperability within the siloed health care system landscape. www.patientory.com google slack twitter facebook reddit bitcointalk github telegram medium references begoyan. overview interoperability standards for electronic health records." in: (.). charles mead al. "data interchange standards healthcare itcomputable semantic interoperability: now possible but still dicult. really need better mousetrap?" in: (.). thiago vieira joe paradiso andrew lippman ariel ekblaw asaf azaria. "medrec". in: (). url: www.pubpub.org/pub/medrec.[accessed: -apr-]. national healthcare ant-fraud association. "the challenge health care fraud". in: (). url: https://www.nhcaa.org/resources/healthcare anti fraud resources the challenge health care fraud.aspx. vitalik buterin. next-generation smart contract and decentralized application platform. white paper". in: (.). yan-cheng chang and michael mitzenmacher. "privacy preserving keyword searches remote encrypted data.in international conference applied cryptography and network security". in: (). mayo clinic. "changes burnout and satisfaction with work-life balance physicians and the general working population between and in: (). url: www.mayoclinicproceedings.org. hendrik tanjaya tan darvin kurniawan david chandra. "reidao: digitising real estate ownership". in: (). url: http://reidao.io/whitepaper. pdf. al. centers for disease control prevention. "hipaa privacy rule and public health. guidance from cdc and the department health and human services." in: (.). roy thomas fielding. "architectural styles and the design networkbased software architectures." in: (.). hhs.gov. "h. the secretary summary the hipaa privacy rule". in: (). url: www.hhs.gov/hipaa/for-professionals/ privacy/laws-regulations/index.html.[accessed:-apr-]. hhs.gov. "methods for de-identification phi". in: (). url: https: www hhs gov hipaa for professionals privacy special topics/de- identification/index.html#protected.[accessed:apr-]. alex mizrahi iddo bentov charles lee and meni rosenfeld. "proof activity: extending bitcoin's proof work via proof stake." in: (). sunny king and scott nadal. "ppcoin: peer-to-peer crypto-currency with proof-of-stake." in: (). satoshi nakamoto. "bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system". in: (). stean norberhuis. in: (). pishing chiang philip chuang maureen madden rainer winnen-burg rob mcclure steve emrick olivier bodenreider duc nguyen and ivor dsouza. "the nlm value set authority center." in: (.). amit sheth. "changing focus interoperability information systems: from system, syntax, structure semantics. interoperating geographic information systems," in: (.). nick szabo. "formalizing and securing relationships public networks." in: (.). "us gpo. cfrx security and privacy. in: (). url: http www access gpo gov nara cfr waisidx cfr html accessed:--..