white paper last updated september written charles cascarilla the latest version available http://standard.paxos.com/whitepaper.pdf table contents abstract the function money the importance trust monetary systems historical context trust and digital assets paxos standard basics key product features and benefits early use cases longer term utility economic implications technology oversight abstract the concept money has evolved over thousands years, and yet there still room for improvement. the promise digital assets--global fluidity, frictionless, democratized--has not been fully realized. despite the proliferation projects, billions dollars resources and years spent development, even the leading digital asset, bitcoin, still plagued significant issues that limit its utility. this paper, introduce paxos standard(tm) token, new digital asset that fully collateralized one-for-one usd, issued the paxos trust company and approved and regulated the new york state department financial services. explain the advantages that paxos standard brings financial markets, allowing participants transact trusted and secure, usd-backed and denominated asset with the benefits blockchain technology and the oversight financial regulators. believe that paxos standard represents significant advancement digital assets, leveraging the infrastructure, oversight and stability the traditional financial system, while operating the speed the internet. the function money money defined three main functions: means exchange, unit account and store value. part, digital assets were created improve these functions, ushering era "programmable money" and smart contracts. however, none have truly succeeded improving all three functions superior way, primarily due their volatility. means exchange, digital assets are not commonly used; rather, they are largely used for speculative purposes. those more specifically designed operate means exchange have achieved low adoption. there has just not been enough utility, ubiquity ease use for widespread usage. unit value, most digital assets have values that fluctuate far too greatly considered improvement over many standard fiat currencies. over the past two years, bitcoin has reached high and low (see below chart) the itbit exchange against usd. the constant movement far more representative volatile commodity than stable currency. https://bitcoinity.org/markets/itbit/usd store value, ertain digital assets such bitcoin may represent significant improvements over fiat currencies, which continually devalue over time. however, their volatility means that they not function well this regard, yet, ever. fundamentally, most digital assets not fulfill the three basic functions money, with the greatest concern coming from their volatility. (most have even moved away from their original designations "cryptocurrencies" "crypto digital assets" because they hardly resemble currency.) there class digital assets, however, designed specifically solve for volatility, appropriately-named "stablecoins." this relatively new category built hold consistent value over time. although stablecoins have gained some traction, the existing models lack one fundamental characteristic that key widespread adoption: trust. the importance trust monetary systems historical context early times, commerce took many different formats than how see today. started with the barter system, which worked well small, closed societies where any trade required just two parties agree the equivalence their goods. money eventually took the form more portable, less perishable but still intrinsically valuable representations value, like gold coins. the next step required bigger leap faith. moving from gold coins inherently value-less representations money--such paper simple accounting--required trust several forms: trust that the system would maintain fair market pricing goods and services against the currency, and trust broad set market participants follow new set operating principles. longer could one simply make deal that looks fair insolation, trading one's chicken for another's loaves bread; the new rules required that beyond the two transacting parties, everyone within this larger society generally agreed the value the goods. when considering the problem collective trust currency system, becomes clear why successful monetary systems have necessity been issued governments. central authority can have control over the monetary supply and the value money, ensuring that stable enough have utility for all market participants, and can also create the legal framework within which citizens operate. when there finite, defined and large enough total market (one nation), with central authority and accountability (the governing body and laws), all market participants (citizens) can safely assume level trust the system and each other. these are the principles that have underpinned money for thousands years and have become ubiquitous fiat form across all modern nation states. trust and digital assets trust has been designed the very logic how blockchain-based digital assets operate. the code rules-based and very hard change. all changes the blockchain are recorded and confirmed decentralized way that created specifically democratize access. rather than using trusted intermediary facilitate transactions, the blockchain serves the trusted, consensus-driven protocol. bitcoin took the concept decentralization the furthest such that there truly one central figure overseeing it, and few people claim even know its progenitor. however, even this case, the low number core developers (several dozen with code regular code commits) and mining pools (under demonstrate that this egalitarian ethos remains facto quite centralized even though jure might not be. yet despite the distribution trust the network, digital assets still have not gained the widespread trust the general public. most people not have first-hand experience with the code understand how works, digital assets' trustless nature remains untrusted. many people are also confounded digital assets' lack physical backing anything inherent value government fiat. moreover, the volatility these assets makes them seem more like investment vehicles than forms payment. the controls built into the digital asset ecosystem, however, still pale comparison the very rigorous systems that already exist for regulation, oversight, auditing, insurance, etc. traditional finance. since these systems are nascent best for digital assets, traditional assets remain more trusted. paxos standard blockchain technology has introduced exceptional innovations--distributed ledgers, decentralized trust, smart contracts, etc.--yet has not improved the basic principles that characterize money, nor has built the trust the public necessary achieve popular adoption. paxos standard designed leverage the new innovations blockchain technology improve the function money, while being supported traditional infrastructure that can ensure trustworthy. other words, regulated trust company and financial institution issuing token backed u.s. dollar deposits, paxos can offer token that combines the trust and stability fiat currency with the utility and immediacy digital assets. basics paxos standard, pax, token that backed one-to-one usd deposits and available through paxos. pax available one-to-one exchange for usd and redeemable one-to-one for usd. upon redemption, pax tokens are immediately removed from the supply; pax are only existence when the corresponding dollars are custody. trust company organized under new york state banking law and regulated the new york state department financial services, paxos operates under governing principles the highest standard. unlike bank, which uses client funds for its own benefit and funding, trust company acts fiduciary that custodies customer deposits and therefore will always keep customer funds completely segregated. all dollar deposits are held fdic-insured u.s. banks collateralized u.s. government treasuries, and customer dollars are all accounted for customer property. other words, paxos accepts dollar deposits and issues paxos standard tokens which can traded, transacted and transferred easily and without friction. currently, the economy digital assets fluid, global and fast, yet faces meaningful roadblocks when trading between digital assets and fiat because the inherent delays the traditional banking system. paxos standard gives users the convenience keeping their liquidity digital assets while still maintaining stability. paxos standard good better than fiat each its functions: easier exchange, maintains the same unit account, and provides the same store value. fully collateralized usd and supported regulated financial institution, paxos standard therefore improved model for money. key product features and benefits paxos standard tokens are issued and redeemed paxos. trust, paxos issues pax directly with need for any middlemen. this enables more efficient operations, including shorter redemption windows (pax can redeemed for dollars within one business day) and lower fees. pax can sent received anyone with ethereum wallet. all transactions operate according the rules smart contract the ethereum platform following the erc- protocol. because this smart contract, transactions eliminate human error and the system operates only programmed. pax available listed exchanges around the world. since backed the dollar, can used proxy for understanding the value the dollar compared other digital assets. the paxos exchange, itbit, will allow users cash out their holdings directly and instantaneously pax rather than cash they choose. itbit will also trade pax otc. pax available facilitate settlement against any type asset including crypto, security and asset tokens for payments. unlike fiat, which only available settle trades during bank business hours, pax can move anywhere, anytime. built the ethereum blockchain, pax programmable token that can participate the larger global community tokens, helping create global platform for programmable money with stability. early use cases the digital asset space still young, expect initial use cases for paxos standard quite distinct from future use cases. the immediate horizon, expect these applications most quickly adopted: means payment for other blockchain-based assets, including crypto, asset and securities tokens. the most complex and difficult aspect transacting blockchain-based assets the difficulty moving payment leg efficiently and with reliable timing. conversion stable asset hedge during times volatility. investors who trade digital assets can hold assets pax limit exposure digital asset volatility, thereby benefiting from the stability the dollar without incurring the fees and delays converting fiat. execution more complex, programmable digital asset transactions with less volatility. pax, built erc- with ethereum smart contract support, designed handle sophisticated transaction terms and conditions and work within the larger ecosystem tokens, while mitigating volatility risk. settlement assets with fiat currency outside traditional banking hours. financial institutions and trading firms can use pax proxy settle the cash component trade alternative unregulated unstable offerings that digital-asset custodians and exchanges can provide market participations. longer term utility asset mobility and settlement tokenized representation usd resolves friction between digital assets and fiat. because the restrictions banks, costs time and money convert digital assets into fiat. paxos standard instead creates "home base" for the dollar the digital world, with instant settlement when cashing out pax rather than usd. other words, paxos standard will aid the quick and efficient settlement the cash component digital asset transactions, and frequent traders will prefer hold cash pax rather than usd for its greater utility and liquidity. the future, paxos standard can aid the frictionless mobility and fast settlement any asset--not just digital assets--but also commodities, securities, real estate and even more esoteric assets like fine art and collectibles. ecosystem development start, expect digital asset exchanges list pax and large otc traders offer pax cash out option. both categories will offer pax response likely immediate demand customers. next, interest will likely come from other companies that similarly have high order transactions high volume transactions, both which would interested lower fees and instantaneous, low-risk settlement. this could include payments processors, financial institutions, large multinational corporations seeking lower fees cross-border internal transactions, and large retailers, leading increased consumer interest. economic implications the potential for paxos standard goes much deeper. the promise the concept fluid, digital asset that can easily move anywhere, anytime, trustworthy way with the universal understanding exactly how much value represents. given this baseline, there are endless implications for how this new, digital asset can influence trade and commerce globally while enabling access. visit some these possibilities here. common blockchain-based payment system paxos standard can serve common blockchain-based payment globally. built upon the ethereum blockchain erc- token, paxos standard has utility across wide range applications and immediate potential footprint across the globe. rather than issuing new money, past coins have attempted, paxos standard provides more stable representation existing money with accepted and trusted value. paxos standard aims make all assets, fiat digital, more fungible and liquid, providing common payment for transactions within and across asset classes. available for listing across global exchanges, paxos standard designed flexible, fast and global from its outset, and its global utility could enable usd essentially become the common currency the world. international transactions and remittances paxos standard can function common payment globally, easing the friction international payments currently found cross-border remittances and global transactions and trade. paxos standard essentially could remove cross-border transaction fees, allowing commerce and trade occur more fluidly. this improvement alone the current system could unlock billions foreign exchange fees. adoption consumers one day, large populations consumers may look paxos standard serve their primary currency. according the federal reserve's report the economic well-being households about percent adults --or million people--do not have checking, savings, money market account (often referred the "unbanked"). additionally, outside the united states, many populations deal currencies with unpredictable volatility that suppresses their ability create and retain value plan for the future. paxos standard could offer economic freedoms that these populations could not otherwise access. https://www.federalreserve.gov/publications/files/-report-economic-well-being-us-households-.pdf technology paxos standard tokens are purposely designed with simplicity mind. exchange for usd, pax issued. similarly, the redemption side, pax can redeemed for usd. the exchange will always one-to-one. because this simplicity, the whole system can written basic smart contract, ensuring that operates under these rules programmed way. (the token today lives the ethereum blockchain, but can see potential value blockchain-agnostic future.) smart contract the ethereum blockchain, paxos standard follows the erc- protocol. ethereum decentralized blockchain-based ledger that supports smart contracts; with over smart contracts, ethereum the most widely-used digital asset platform. smart contract combination data (e.g., table account balances) and programmed procedures for working with that data (e.g., programmed procedure for transferring balances between accounts). both the integrity the data and the fidelity procedure executions are ensured the distributed consensus protocol the underlying ethereum blockchain. erc- tokens are ethereum smart contracts that follow standard protocol for representing custom "tokens" the blockchain. specifically, the contract must declare basic token characteristics (name, symbol, decimal precision), track the total number tokens, track token balance for each ethereum address, and permit address owners transfer portions their balance other addresses. because paxos standard follows the standard erc- protocol, most ethereum-supporting exchanges and wallet applications already have built-in support for viewing and transferring pax. while the initial issuance token and redemption tokens for pax occur through paxos, any other transactions pax follow the smart contract written the erc- specification, relying the providence the network rather than any middleman. the paxos standard erc- contract code available for technical review, currently https://github.com/paxosglobal/pax-contracts anyone can verify the code will operate paxos has described. because the simplicity the one-to-one model, paxos standard can represented simple, readable smart contract. independent third-party smart contract security audits give assurance that the implementation sound and secure. see https://github.com/ethereum/eips/blob/master/eips/eip-.md for erc- specification. summary, the benefits erc- contract ethereum are: the security and availability offered one the largest global blockchain networks (ethereum) broad adoption digital asset stakeholders such exchanges, digital asset organizations, institutional investors and retail users relatively simple and familiar smart-contract pattern publicly verifiable token supply, account balances and on-chain procedures oversight from the start, the paxos trust company has always intended highly transparent with robust third-party oversight. with this foundation, has been leader amongst blockchain-related companies regulatory compliance. the first regulated trust trade digital assets, paxos continues work closely with regulators and other parties the existing financial services ecosystem. regulatory approval the new york state department financial services granted paxos its trust charter, and continues regulate the company trust organized under new york banking law. this includes enforcing many consumer protections including substantial capital reserve requirements, frequent regulatory examinations and monitoring our operating procedures. the paxos standard token was approved the nydfs and continues overseen them. funds fdic-supervised banks paxos holds the dollar deposits all customers segregated accounts fdic-insured banks. auditing paxos works with third-party, independent, trusted, nationally top-ranking public accounting firm monthly review and attest that paxos standard tokens are fully collateralized united states dollars. additionally, the paxos standard smart contract has been audited leading blockchain auditor (nomic labs) ensure that the code sound and operates intended and advertised. transaction monitoring and surveillance third-party blockchain intelligence firm chainalysis conducting ongoing transaction monitoring and risk assessments for fraud detection and prevention. because paxos standard built the ethereum blockchain, also possible and easy for anyone review the entire history transactions the chain.