payfair the decentralised escrow and cryptoexchange the ethereum blockchain white paper table contents abstract the payfair platform the payfair tokens goals what the platform solves innovations blockchain and escrow market analysis potential market share platform fundamentals conditions successful escrow deal completing escrow trade rating system token holder incentives trust nodes further information escrow nodes further information platform trade fee crowdfunding crowdfunding pre-ico stage ico roadmap the team contacts and links abstract every one has faced the dilemma when you needed third party secure transaction. perhaps you have been one the many that has endured the hardship fraud heard the horror stories that are prevalent the cryptocurrency world. the most common these tend involve one the parties not meeting all the requirements perhaps had vanished without trace. the invention blockchain technology has offered the world opportunity remove this widespread issue. our team has decided solve this creating convenient, easy-to-use, decentralised, transparent and independent escrow platform make safe transactions. what escrow service escrow financial agreement which third party regulates all the processes between two exchanging parties. provides safer transaction money held secure account, and the deposit only released when all the requirements have been satisfied. this instance, using escrow service useful, especially large amounts are involved, cannot released until these requirements are met. for example, client has instructed individual produce website. the client, naturally, would like verify the quality the website before purchasing, and designer doesn't want share his her work without any guarantee that she receives payment. the payfair platform payfair decentralized escrow platform which ensures the paramount security all cryptocurrency transactions made between two parties. these transactions include cryptocurrency, fiat, services and digital and physical goods. this service enabled the payfair token (pfr), which erc- token based the ethereum blockchain. these pfr tokens create network "nodes" that create decentralized environment. the cost using this service extremely low. provide highly competitive service that completes all transactions safe, private and decentralized environment resulting trust-less experience. payfair not only designed provide safer environment, but also save time. third parties are involved when making transaction; can avoid the time-consuming bureaucracy. the payfair token (ethereum erc- token standard) pfr tokens are essential part the ecosystem and are designed fulfill several roles: create nodes trust the platform. create escrow nodes that will resolve disputes. enable token holders receive commission fees. payfair goals create trust-less guarantees between contractors, sellers, and buyers. ensure mutually beneficial relationship between all participants within the platform. create independent system without outside developer interference. raise the social interest cryptocurrencies and provide easier use fiat gateway for new investors. what the platform solves eliminate the lack trust between contractors, buyers, and sellers. regulate trade conflicts through the help decentralized, rating driven escrow service. decrease the exorbitant fees that plague the escrow market. eliminate the potential for opportunistic and orchestrated fraud. innovations escrow independence achieved through anonymity, thus does not depend contractors. decentralized escrow meaning those who run the nodes are not linked any third party but are engaged independently. escrow rating system will ensure high level customer service and reliance when disputes occur. buyer, seller, and contractor rating system ensure those who provide reliable and/or smooth transaction are highlighted. full open-source api. the most popular cryptocurrencies will offered means payment between contractors with more crypto offerings added the wider market matures. self-learning neural system for automatic transaction processing. blockchain and escrow markets analysis (picture google.trends when searching has been almost ten years since bitcoin was introduced and over the years has built unarguable following resulting the emerging market see today. this achievement testament blockchain technologies which grow ever more complex with each improvement see solve more real-world problems through the use blockchain technologies. cryptocurrency market capitalization (picture total market capitalization global charts https://coinmarketcap.com/charts/) (picture analysis search) the rise total cryptocurrency capitalization close since meaning there clear growing global interest. new investors who see the definite potential blockchain technologies are entering the market exponential rate. whereas search has been stable for over five years; meaning steady demand. potential market share trust nodes that utilise smart contracts resulting trading without human interaction decentralised anonymous escrow nodes with driver defraud the system cryptocurrency to: fiat exchange service domains and websites freelance and online services physical and digital goods (video games etc.) platform fundamentals ecosystem platform for completing transactions and deals. fee (commission) payment for the transaction made the buyer and seller (or contractor). buyer party interested transaction safety. seller party selling items, goods services. trust node pfr token holders. escrow independent and anonymous chain escrow-nodes. escrow settle the differences. escrow-node pfr token holders status escrow. completing escrow trade the party(s) deposit cryptocurrency into the decentralised escrow account. buyer and seller confirm the terms the deal have been met (not relevant crypto crypto transaction) consecutive "successful" decisions from the escrow-nodes payment released from the escrow account person and person are trading. both ask person (escrow node) hold the fund within decentralized escrow account. both person and person are happy with their goods/payment/service, and the funds are released. however, either the parties unhappy, the transaction held escrow during the dispute process. will held there until resolution has been determined. the escrow accounts will able request additional evidence support the transaction further ensure successful outcome. rating system rating escrow-nodes the rating system will create self-regulating ecosystem with reliable participants escrowchain improves competency, confidence trades between parties and open-mindedness fair fee distribution between the participants rating buyers, sellers, and contractors improves mutual confidence between the parties even without the use escrow-nodes when using the platform for escrow service multiple times, rating helps lower the fees for transactions, therefore, encouraging clients use the platform more and more token holder incentives trust-nodes are awarded for their passive participation the system. they receive commission for every successful trade the platform which paid out the currency that each trade was completed in. escrow-nodes are awarded for their active participation the system. they receive commission for each successful trade they have participated which paid out the currency that the trade was completed in. payments are automated and enabled smart contracts trust nodes further information the trust node critical element within the network and performs the important job maintaining, updating, and securing the payfair ecosystem. trust nodes support the price the token; they make stable and resistant dramatic changes. set trust node you will need pfr minimum. trust nodes are weighted meaning additional pfr over will multiply the payout value. for example: pfr payout the advantage trust nodes over other master nodes that there are hardware requirements online time. simply use the signing feature within myetherwallet link your pfr wallet with the payfair platform, then sit back and enjoy your passive income. escrow nodes further information escrow-nodes ensure the integrity trade between parties (buyer and seller). escrow (or guarantor) nodes are secured pfr tokens, meaning every decision the ecosystem ensured value and performed real person. when this combined with escrow rating system further supports its ability rid the platform bad actors. current masternode systems not allow participants connect any meaningful human-to-human way. payfair's "smart wallet" technology will allow escrow node holders easily connect and communicate with other escrow node holders (unless they wish stay anonymous.) this new type networking gives the pfr token clear advantage over similar coins because escrow node holders can more easily organise themselves because they know who each other are. escrow nodes are immutable worth pfr, operating escrow node will require active participation within the platform. this participation comes the way resolving disputes between buyers and seller based the information provided. platform trade fee every fee payfair platform will distributed: non-escrow deal fee, without taking into account contractor rating) trust-node marketing, supporting ecosystem escrow deal (.% fee, without taking into account contractor rating) trust-node escrow-node who made the decision crowdfunding the total amount tokens circulation and are pre-mined. the following the breakdown the distribution: pre-ico ico reserved for payfair team* bounty campaign frozen for months pre-ico stage will used for further marketing pre-ico period will held for days the minimal target after reaching this amount and finishing pre-ico campaign, tokens will transferred your ethereum wallet. pre-ico goals: identify the social interest the project creating strategy for promoting the ico platform ico campaign will held for days funding will processed through ethereum smartcontract https://github.com/payfairio/smartcontracts ico goals: determining base token value creating financial base for further development according the roadmap; marketing and promoting fair distribution among trust-nodes ico bonuses encourage early investors offer early stage bonuses: day days days days days roadmap the team our team doesn't include influential people leaders opinions. feel that this it's the most important thing create successful business. instead opted unite high-class specialists and create driven and passionate team. our motivation see the platform grow into world-class alternative central crypto fiat exchanges. denis salangin (founder) denis entrepreneur and start-up founder with experience marketing and commercial projects. has vast experience project management and excellent understanding principles decentralized systems based blockchain. https://www.linkedin.com/in/denis-salangin-a/ https://vk.com/id evgeniy pomelov (community manager) evgeniy specialist communication with over five years experience and social media. managing our communities telegram, facebook, twitter and other social media. evgeniy knows how speak the same language with all the people. https://t.me/johnpomelov https://www.linkedin.com/in/john-pomelov-aa/ https://www.facebook.com/john.pomelov dmitriy plishkin (digital marketing) dmitriy has been working and marketing manager for four years. specializes contextual and media promotion, online pr. his expertise spans all aspects digital marketing with emphasis comprehensive internet presence management. https://t.me/dplishkin aleksey suvorov (lead developer) alexey has more than six years experience project development and management. exceptionally skilled building advanced systems and developing solutions for business automation. alexey proficient javascript, php, and python. https://t.me/navlis vyacheslav butorin (fullstack developer) vyacheslav has over five years experience web programming. skilled developing solutions for ecommerce and advertising companies. specializes full-stack development using modern tools and frameworks. https://t.me/sloker roman lihachev (backend developer roman has been creating stable and scalable projects with our team for two years. especially skilled backend services and distributed systems. roman has excellent experience sql, nonsql and in-memory database systems. https://t.me/romanlikhachev kristina zayakina (frontend developer) kristina has over three years experience design and front-end development. she skilled html, js/css frameworks, and websites speed optimization. kristina uses her knowledge coding and design ensure clean and professional looking ui. https://t.me/nuxe michael nikitin (frontend developer) michael has two years experience creating easy-to-use sites and web applications. has delivered front-end solutions for lot local start-ups. michael proficient html, css, javascript and semantic ui. https://t.me/mikegood contacts website: https://payfair.io telegram: https://t.me/payfair email: support@payfair.io medium: https://medium.com/@payfair/ facebook: https://www.facebook.com/payfairio/ twitter: https://twitter.com/payfairio github: https://github.com/payfairio/ reddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/payfair bitcointalk: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=