whitepaper disclaimer executive summary vision comparison unique selling proposition competitive analysis how pecunio works why blockchain fund management our products and services token sale procedure project funding technology roadmap our team and our values business case disclaimer the purpose this whitepaper present the project pecunio potential token holders and platform users connection with the proposed token launch. the information set forth below may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. its sole purpose provide relevant and reasonable information potential token holders order for them determine whether undertake thorough analysis the company with the intent acquiring pecunio tokens. nothing this whitepaper shall deemed constitute prospectus any sort solicitation for investment, nor does any way pertain offering solicitation offer buy any securities any jurisdiction. this document not composed accordance with, and not subject to, laws regulations any jurisdiction which are designed protect investors. the tokens offered the tokensale not provide any voting rights, profit share, dividends other expectations current profits. certain statements, estimates, and financial information contained this whitepaper constitute forward-looking statements information. such forward-looking statements information involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties which may cause actual events results differ materially from the estimates the results implied expressed such forward-looking statements. this english language whitepaper the primary official source information about the pecunio token launch. the information contained herein may from time time translated into other languages used the course written verbal communications with existing and prospective customers, partners, etc. the course such translation communication some the information contained herein may lost, corrupted, misrepresented. the accuracy such alternative communications cannot guaranteed. pecunio reserves the right change the terms and conditions set forth this whitepaper, its appendices and the general terms and conditions published the website any time without prior notice. the event any conflicts inconsistencies between such translations and communications and this official english language whitepaper, the provisions this english language original document shall prevail. pecunio does not allow users avoid capital controls any kind and does not allow them invest any foreign assets. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment relation the sale and purchase pecunio tokens and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted for pecunio products and services based this whitepaper. important you are not eligible and you are not purchase any pecunio tokens you are citizen resident (tax otherwise) austria, other austrian person. "austrian person" generally defined natural person, residing austria any entity organized incorporated under the laws austria. you are not eligible and you are not purchase any pecunio tokens you are citizen resident (tax otherwise) the people's republic china ("prc"), other prc person. "prc person" generally defined natural person, residing the people's republic china ("prc") any entity organized incorporated under the laws the people's republic china. furthermore due regulatory uncertainty current state, green card holders the united states citizens residents (tax otherwise) the united states america, singapore the people's republic china, other u.s., singapore prc person; are not eligible register platform user and are not purchase any pecunio tokens. you are any doubt the action you should take and the consequences will involve, please consider consulting your legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s). executive summary pecunio blockchain investments safe and easy pecunio decentralized investment platform that focuses blue-chip blockchain assets with unique value proposition and high performance potential. our products and services cover the whole lifecycle blockchain innovation: from angel venture capital investments (ac vc) and initial coin offerings (ico), cryptocurrencies and asset-backed tokens. decentralized investment platform and exchange tokenizing all our funds and assets, simplify safe investments into selected blockchain assets. all major cryptocurrencies will interchangeable our platform. what's revolutionary about the platform that solves the problem crypto spending and allows management crypto assets safe and easy way. asset-backed gold token gold has always been the world's best hedge against all sort market turmoil. our first product this product range will therefore the pecunio gold coin (pgc), which refers exactly one gram segregated, unallocated fine gold from lbma-approved refineries. there comparable asset out the market given time. tokenized funds our tokenized funds invest into the most valuable cryptocurrencies, icos and vcs. investing into icos and tokenized leverages the performance our funds compared regular crypto investments far. our fund management avails profound experience from the traditional- well from the hedge fund industry. cryptocurrency card our crypto debit card allows coin and token spending fiat currencies around the world. the prepaid debit card spares local exchange fees and makes digital currency spending whole lot easier. pecunio enables cryptocurrency spending with instant liquidity. ico incubator, blockchain start angelist our expertise traditional and hedgefund management qualifies accompany blockchain businesses successfully spreading their wings. launch ico campaigns with dedicated fund, management support, legal advice and more. the same time pecunio shares earned profits with its company token holders via buyback program. vision the idea blockchain has opened whole new chapter value transfer. which currencies will stay place and proof themselves successful, which price and base which business model technology yet unclear. what know for certain that cryptocurrencies and crypto assets are definitely part the future. they have revolutionized payments, transactions and many other markets and will soon become established the new standard. pecunio's mission open the cryptocurrency market everyone with variety interesting products and services. trustworthy company, encourage blockchain adoption and offer safe and easy way take part the future financial markets. personally believe the philosophical mission satoshi nakamoto and created safe and transparent investment solution with easy access for everyone. personally believe the philosophical mission satoshi nakamoto and created safe and transparent investment solution with easy access for everyone. your share the future. market opportunity since the introduction blockchain technology, there has been high demand for crypto assets the markets with likeliness further increase. fintech completely new sector finance without any institutions yet and financial service providers have not been able meet rising demands for bitcoin and/or blockchain investment solutions. finance investments are still heavily underrepresented category, due lack innovation and decentralization. just recent, that cboe and cme group launched bitcoin futures markets. the dawn new investment era began starting with the incredibly successful ethereum ico july imagine having invested amount two thousand dollars eth that time. right now less than three years, those two thousand dollars would have achieved amount worth more than million now. the same applies for blockchain solution "stratis": only month after its ico, tokenholders have multiplied their initial investment factor the cryptocurrency market capitalisation went from us. the trend here clear and cannot disregarded. us$ us$ jan dez us$ us$ us$ global usa germany us$ total market cap crypto nevertheless, there are load obstacles challenged before adapting cryptocurrency usage broad scale. hard for non-tech-savvy users easily enter the crypto markets. there are institutional guidelines trustworthy partners rely on. and course the cryptocurrency market very young and new sector finance, comes with rather high volatility. unique selling proposition provide transparency complex market are constantly adapting and refining our sustainable business model offer functioning set working products provide highest safety standards through cold storage offer all transactions via one platform offer scalable low cost platform solution combine constant advancement with lean cost structure can rely strong community more than enthusiasts comparison pecunio public gateway the cryptomarket: decentralized investment platform simplifying blockchain investments, backed transparent and trustworthy company. our platform one-stop-shop and solves the problem crypto spending with one simple dashboard. allows converting from and cryptocurrencies well investing into valuable assets like the commodity-backed gold token pecunio's blue-chip crypto fund (pcc) besides that, pecunio the only blockchain investment platform with free exchange and cryptocurrency card. another strong pillar pecunio's unique position the market: our users gain customer lifetime value are not product centric seller exchange, but care taker with active management and active customer support. market players pecunio blackmoon crypto enigma invest btc, eth altcoins invest altcoins invest icos invest debit card only decentralized investment active management save spend all-in-onesolutiontion grayscale tenx monaco xapo asset-backed tokens how pecunio works sign sign easy creating facebook account. the user signs create account pecunio's platform providing email address, user name and password. upon confirmation via email, personal wallet created and automatically directed the user dashboard where finds overview his personal account and holdings. after successfully transferring cryptocurrencies into his account, now the user's choice whether spend via the crypto card, exchange invest into pecunio's products. every platform user has the opportunity purchase into different types products: the assetbacked token (pgc), various fund tokens (pcc, pico, pav), well the pecunio utility token (pco). all platform related products and services can only accessed with the pco. why blockchain why fund management why blockchain "we have elected put our money and faith mathematical framework that free politics and human error." tyler winklevoss, co-creator facebook, top investor bitcoin. the blockchain foundational technology like the internet itself--a big system enabling applications built and value stored and transferred safely via transparent public ledger. the idea decentralized, global payment network with low cost and settlement time has profound implications across the world-wide financial system. abstracting away from solely the financial sector, the transparency and integrity data the blockchain may transform broad industries and industry standards areas like record keeping, logistics, law, identity management, securities settlement, application development and many more. furthermore corporate formation governance, asset representation, contract agreement structuring, and the traditional thought processes associated with; each are rapidly being challenged, questioned, re-thought, re-approached, and re-structured because the spark ignited the concept the blockchain. now find ourselves the forefront huge wave innovation. approximately banks are developing their own blockchain technology today. this one the main reasons the world's biggest firms are now investing into this promising technology and/or adopting well. the real value the blockchain that renders intermediaries completely obsolete. middlemen acting third party establishing "trust" between unknown parties are longer inevitable. the blockchain basically replaces these middlemen. series industries will become seriously disrupted, first and foremost: financial services (banks, clearing houses, money transfer) banks are essentially secure storehouses and transfer hubs for money. blockchain's secure, decentralized, and tamper-proof ledger addresses this function--at fraction the cost. company called "thought machine" has already created "blockchain bank." clearing houses and stockbrokers are also the firing line for the same reason. companies like western union and moneygram have always dominated money transfer services. but blockchain start-ups are trying create competitive scenario offering faster, cheaper and versatile forms money transfer. real estate when most people think buying and selling property, they think copious amounts paperwork, long, administrative processes, and high agent fees. using blockchain, anyone can manage, track, and transfer land titles and property deeds--no need for intermediaries. company called ubiquity providing this service already. music streaming music streaming great--well, maybe not for the musicians. it's estimated that artists lose the proceeds their music because illegal downloading. the blockchain makes possible for artists earn royalties their music without going through record label. grammy award winner imogen heap has created blockchain-based streaming platform called mycelia that is, besides others, facilitating this issue. why fund management despite bitcoin's impressive annualized returns since its inception the reality that blockchain technology still its infancy and one knows whether will become globally accepted. this uncertainty surrounding blockchain and bitcoin's future reflected the price volatility cryptocurrencies. when comes investing cryptocurrencies and icos, there are few risks investors need aware and mitigate: regulatory risk probably the biggest risk the future success bitcoin, both currency and investment class, regulatory risk. china, for example, decides ban its citizens from holding bitcoin, the price the digital currency would crash. china far the largest market for bitcoin trading, with over percent trading occurring the people's republic. hence, any negative regulatory changes would have direct impact the world's bitcoin investments. the same goes for leading bitcoin start-up hubs like the u.s. and the u.k. should any large economy ban bitcoin, the price will collapse and struggle recover. ico scams many icos/token launches lack legitimacy for one the following reasons: some icos are outright scams. their founders simply cash the absurd amount "dumb money" that people throw into token launches. (the "investors" can often people who missed the boat bitcoin and/or ether, who truly don't understand the differences between the various cryptocurrencies, particularly when comes value.) other icos are illegitimate because they are essentially solution without problem not everything needs decentralized application with its own currency. because these risks, significant set due diligence questionnaire has implied before buying into potential ico. asked too much, for average individual with day job occupy oneself with all the details rapidly changing market. order react these dynamic systems needs experts and due diligence; both are pillars our performance policy, which the reason why preferred active management our funds order adapt fluctuated markets. additionally portfolio diversification mitigates market volatility, fraud and operational risks while being hedge fund renders profitable even during falling markets. our products and services asset backed tokens gold has always been the perfect hedge against volatility. blockchain technology with its high speed transfer value, security and convenience operation enables this next step the future finance: allows reintroduce gold digital form global currency the blockchain. each pecunio gold coin represents exactly gram segregated, unallocated fine gold from lbma-approved refineries. will the first fintech company exchange physical gold for tokens worldwide. pecunio and its partners will store physical gold with the intent, that its gold reserves constantly meet exceed the amount pgc circulation. not deliver promise; deliver gold via cryptocurrency. the most prestigious and safest way participate the cryptocurrency market. the pecunio gold coin is: fine gold tokenized form (pgc) the world's best hedge against volatility token payment option for goods and services (gold backed cryptocurrency) the easiest way handle and export physical gold (world wide branches for direct pick up) the safest and most transparent way transacting gold pecunio's gold coin "gold--go" and will redeemable following branches for now: europe stadt staat website vienna austria goldvorsorge.at salzburg austria goldvorsorge.at graz austria goldvorsorge.at frankfurt germany silbervorsorge.de budapest hungary aranykereskedes.hu tallinn estonia gvs.ee spain orofino.es france orfin.fr stadt staat website boston usa goldvorsorge.at new york usa goldvorsorge.at delaware usa goldvorsorge.at toronto canada goldvorsorge.at stadt staat website dubai united arab emirates goldvorsorge.at singapore singapore goldvorsorge.at hong kong china goldvorsorge.at north america asia our products and services free exchange accept and exchange all major cryptocurrencies, whereas not charge any fees behalf exchanging currencies our platform. the exchange will directly connected the user wallets and therefore only charges fees (incl. regular network fee) when cryptocurrencies are removed from the platform. full functionality the exchange will implemented after the ico. cryptocurrency card pecunio's cryptocurrency card prepaid multi-asset debit card, enabling coin and token spending all fiat currencies around the world without exchange fees. the user will able manage assets via the platform, charging the card with bitcoin, ethereum, litecoin, monero, dash, pecunio and many other cryptocurrencies. the debit cards come with free choice name card and will valid for months. matter where the world you live, you can pecunio cryptocurrency card holder and easily manage your assets via our user-friendly dashboard. max mustermann good thru platform tokens all our tokens are erc- standard and based ethereum; global, secure decentralized verification network, that enables tokenizing our blockchain funds. the pco tokens are utility tokens that act purchasing voucher for our products. tokenized funds our fund management avails profound experience from the traditional- well from the hedge fund industry. yielding good return our aim work making sizeable commissions and crypto earnings going forward. choosing tokenized investment vehicle, bring liquidity the angel- and venture capital market, which otherwise highly illiquid environment. token holders can sell and exchange any given time, making that alone the most significant innovation markets over recent decades. investors will benefit from managerial expertise, broad diversification, careful pre-selection and reallocation included coins and tokens and ongoing risk management. pcc consisting set the most valuable cryptocurrencies time pico tokenized fund investing the most promising icos pav tokenized fund investing the most promising fintech start-ups fund details pecunio cryptocurrency fund (pcc) pecunio cryptocurrency fund diverse portfolio cryptocurrency coins and tokens. pcc restricted blockchain assets, which are already exchange traded (eg. bitcoin, generation altcoins like ether, ripple, litecoin and generation asset tokens like eos, tether and gnosis). the fund managed and (re-)allocated based managerial discretion, however framed determined set rules. pcc represents our first product, and was successfully launched the well-known iconomi platform october the diversified and risk-adjusted portfolio has proven track record with exceeding performance and can found not only our platform: https://www.iconomi.net/dashboard/#/daa/pcc simple comparison: btc price (bitfinex) october us, january increase eth price (bitfinex) october us, january .%increase pcc october us, january increase pecunio's cryptocurrency fund clearly has the makings outperform current market developments. pecunio initial coin offering fund (pico) pecunio ico fund targets blockchain companies their pre-ico and ico phase. pico fund restricted blockchain assets, which have minimum viable product, and are the preparation for ico event. our management team will apply extensive due diligence, filter weak market propositions, mediocre teams and potential scams from the long list. from the short list on, work closely together with our target investments, helping them conduct optimal lco launch. investors pico will benefit from our industry links and our investigative strengths uncover potential fraud schemes. pecunio angel venture fund (pav) addition the broader market offerings, pecunio will launch fund, dedicated angel venture investments the blockchain space. this dedicated fund aims exceptionally high performance targeting multiplication capital. pecunio's expert team, supported selected external industry advisors, will actively manage pav. our experts will continually scout for early investment opportunities the blockchain start-up scene. through this handpicked fund offering, everyone can angel venture capital investor, without any entry capital requirements. order avoid capital dilution and oversubscription, the fund offering will exclusive invitation only. pecunio ico investors will invited join the pecunio angel venture fund. risk management investing into icos and tokenized leverages the performance our funds compared regular cryptocurrency investments far. typically, higher return means higher risk (of loss). approach lower the overall risk carefully diversifying our fund's assets, maintaining high performance attributes. selected due diligence parameters and planned set steps according our risk analysis are the frameworks for our success risk management. nevertheless, has stated, that total loss capital not inevitable. (for those interested deeper understanding asset risk management, recommend reading quantitative risk management: concepts, techniques and tools alexander mcneil, rudiger frey and paul embrechts, published princeton university press revised edition, edition ico incubator, blockchain angelist selected start ups will receive management support, legal advice and financial aid help spread (spreading) their wings they get ready for /to take off. our business venture spot, target and support potential top performers this hyper-dynamic market. help developing their business ideas/ proposition and product portfolio. support our clients using our analytical and social media marketing tools, and also establishing communities and connecting with the press and the media. delicately our clients are guided through crucial steps circumvent unnecessary future red tape barriers which often impede any positive achievement. our goal increase the success rate highly potential ideas and future market leading developments. platform exchange wallet mobile app the platform with its user-friendly dashboard enables quick access variety features. one hand, there wallet displaying the account balance, cryptocurrency exchange and the opportunity invest into pecunio's tokenized funds and products. the other hand there referral system, allowing the user profit from his own ambition and satisfaction using peer-to-peer networking. our easy-to-use platform will available via web-interface and via wallets both android and ios according our roadmap timeline. our mobile apps will use cutting edge native frameworks provide fast and natural user experience. token sale procedure fund the project and the platform, conduct token sale. (ico/ito) the ticker symbol for our company token will pco. token sale proceeds follows. hard facts our crowdsale will performed two stages: pre-ico: february ico: march april bonus stages: february bonus march april bonus available ico: pco full supply: pco hard cap: accepted currencies: btc, eth, ltc exchange rate: pco token utility function: pcos are primarily means payment, ,,a digital coupon", for all the services pecunio provides, especially ico services and platform related fees. other means payment will accepted. pco allows buying funds and native tokens platform and acts value transfer. expectation profits: due the utility nature the pco tokens does not provide dividends, profit shares voting rights its holders. guarantees assurances are provided, the pco token shall not considered investment. architecture: pco tokens are ethereum erc- tokens acceptence tokens: pco tokens are accepted the pecunio platform solely for the time being. since the tokens will released after the token generation event, secondary market trading possible. token buyers have aware that due the utility nature the token rise value possible however unlikely. thus pco tokens shall not regarded investment. more pco will created after this tge event. employee and management token pool (locked for months) advisory and bounty (locked months) public token sale capital reserve for angel investments, incentives, salaries financial backers, early supporters pco founding team allocation tokens pco created during the creation event will allocated pecunio founders pco will allocated financial backers and early stage supporters pco created during the creation event will allocated the company and utilized future employee and management token pool, strengthen our ability attract retail top talent and contractual bonusses; these tokens will locked for months and are subject leak-out clause pco created during the creation event will created for and granted advisors and bounty supporters; these tokens will locked for months and are subject leak-out clause capital reserve pco will credited the reserve, but not issued. these pco's will available additional source funding, but may never issued, depending circumstances the future. token value pecunio's pco token utility token. acts means payment, ,,digital coupon", for all the services pecunio provides, especially ico services and platform related fees. pco allows the purchase fund tokens and native tokens platform. the tokens shall not confused with company shares, which they are not. they are digital goods, bearing intrinsic value themselves, but the value the assets, services and/or rights which can purchased these tokens. technology the asset tokens will represented smart contracts the ethereum blockchain. coding and customizing work will done solidity, high level programming language similar javascript, targeting the ethereum virtual machine (evm), which the runtime environment for smart contracts ethereum. pecunio erc- token security and predictability (as opposed having run independent blockchain network); use robust and well- supported clients (ethereum based tokens can managed with official ethereum clients): high liquidity (interchangeable with other ethereum based tokens ether); easier listing exchanges with infrastructure already place; ethereum smart contracts enable transparent and secure way value transfer. exchange the exchange works via matching engine through asset proxies. the interface therefore linked external exchanges and addresses via the asset proxy smart contract, which complies with erc- standards. this makes the exchange manipulation-safe and enables true transparency. the software will written hardware-friendly programming language maintain speed for fast transactions. for now, for safety reasons, decided keep development closed environment with consideration future decentralization. wallets pecunio's multi-wallets will accept multiple currencies and will written javascript, among other bitcore framework. furthermore, there will dedicated apps for ios and android which assure the same functionality the web interface. mobile apps will use cutting edge native frameworks provide fast and natural user experience. roadmap here are some our recent progressions towards full functionality our platform, contract development and roll out our campaigns. created the platform with working accounts gathered user strong member-base constantly increased our product and service range created our first crypto currency fund (pcc), which outperformed all other comparable blockchain funds far. the future bright and there more come, please take look how aim achieve what state. launch the pecunio backend pecunio pcc fund gained since launch inception the pecunio pcc fund million under active mangement rebranding new website pecunio ico pre-ico inception pav inception pico launch pecunio crypto card launch pecunio gold token million under active mangement our team and our values act with integrity and show respect demonstrate commitment integrity and ethics. show respect for and value all individuals for their diverse backgrounds, experiences, styles, approaches and ideas. our brand built principles trust and honesty. value clarity and simplicity strive make our products simple understand and easy use. take extra care think and communicate with absolute clarity, with our customers, our partners internally. fine print, clear words, clear actions. don't follow lead push the envelope blockchain investment products, doing things that have never been done before, order win the hearts and minds our customers. the blockchain revolution presents tremendous opportunities for the fast and the smart (see above). will capture these opportunities for our tokenholders' benefit for simple reason: are the prime mover our field. former securities and commercial lawyers, hedgefund managers, service industry pioneers, creative directors, and tech project managers, our big idea completely re-invent high-tech start-up investment introducing truly decentralized investment platform: pecunio. love success achieve results and celebrate when do. help people their best providing coaching and feedback. make people feel valued and appreciated. communicate open and frequently. pecunio team offers unique combination extensive business experience, software engineering skills, international perspective and hands-on attitude. blend deep technological skills with artistic creativity and academic excellence with executive experience. reinhard berger chief executive officer /chief financial officer reinhard original fintech veteran. reinhard's career began business architect for global consulting firm accenture contracted redefine the global banking system for clients such credit suisse, ubs and invesco. then served principal for french tech giant capgemini. reinhard cofounded alternative invest finance ag, independent hedge fund operator, where managed alternative assets excess $m. reinhard received msc computer science, m.a law, well mba from danube university. christian thurner chief operating officer with more than years business, christian highly experienced business organizer. head purchase, logistics and distribution for several vivatis holding (raiffeisen group) companies, acted for variety private banks and tax auditors. diversified into the field "consulting advisory" and accompanied some the big shots within financial market, leading reputable companies success. dominik berger chief marketing officer young and passionate entrepreneur, founder and ceo ,,mydigital-marketing solutions". besides that social media expert and strategist, coached tai lopez (top social influencer and investor), and gary vaynerchuck. dominik berger knows how effectively utilize social media and online marketing and accountable elevating companies the next level. oama richson content creation media research public relations and sciene-media communication are the strengths this young creative mind. with scientific background from the university vienna, his career led him companies like pfizer, orf well theater der wien. gathered experience team leader pr-campaigns for the st.johns ambulance and organized several events and concerts. cooltempered professional who able handle crisis with confidence. heinz laubert angel investor serial entrepreneur the service industry, with more than years' experience. strong focus leadership and organization. staged several high caliber events with attendees. dedicated leadership personality. michael neuhofer chief technical officer michael our expert developing and securing web applications. co-founder and cto mydigital marketing solutions. with bachelor's degree software engineering and ongoing study cyber security the man for developing secure web applications. revealing and cracking application weaknesses are his specialty. melanie schauer social media research melanie focuses social media research and communication. she oversees our branding facilities and acts quality assurance. reinhard widmeyer florian englmaier reinhard's area interest includes florian dedicated white-hat hacker. software engineering, online campaigning, user board communication, solidity (/smart contract coding). secures systems and assets against vulnerabilities and external intrusions. florian has extensive experience penetration testing, including ddos attacks, sql injection attacks, session hijacking and man-in-the-middle attacks. software engineering it, programmer nimo zimmerhackl graphic artist photographer advisors partners james vince security digital marketing expert james started his academic career cambridge university (network security class graduated suma cum laude from m.i.t. james founder the m.i.t linux society. has over ten years experience finance, including experience some the world's best known investment banks. these include jpmorgan (new york, london), bnp paribas (paris), societe generale (paris) and xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx (tokyo). james one the world's leading crypto researchers. whist m.i.t., james cracked rsa minutes and offered several improvements the algorithm. james has held security clearance level (top secret level) the whilst working for defra and level (secret level) the working for the census bureau. the business case our prime revenue streams order maintain stable and growing product and service platform provide purchasing power for the pco tokens, pecunio needs revenues. pecunio's revenues come from different sources: main income source: project the management fee the performance fee set between and this fee perfectly par with alternative investment manager's industry standards. fee: all assets under active management estimated assets under management (): million us$ estimated revenue from asset management (): million us$ gold-token-associated transaction and storage fee: are currently observing the markets order assure competitive pricing for transaction tokens and demurrage physical gold. this will major income source due the possible use the token payment token. secondary income source: card fee: fee: all assets under active management transaction fee: fee all transactions: approx. p.a. additional revenues pecunio intends add additional recurring revenue streams within the next months, including transaction and consultancy fees. revenues from ico fees ico fees are calculated cut the ico transaction volume, taken average. have also taken into account currency and token market growth. communication and partnerships partnerships additionally, will partner with innovative fintech companies around the globe provide our customers with the best digital investment. intend leading digital investment platform and generate revenues with selected "best class" partners other financial categories (vc, hedge funds, savings, credit loans, insurance) with emphasis blockchain empowered partners. strategic partnerships with investment funds, private banks and insurance companies will follow. top that, are proud chosen one the daa managers iconomi. live events plan hosting different live events various venues with regard our core markets. these events include: investor days: attracting potential investors distinguished events with our products and services will add new opportunities and new relationships pecunio. road shows: with the purpose strengthening brand awareness and brand value will chose different locations with the goal increasing pecunio's reach public. live speeches: hard compare what could more convincing than, good speech backed great product. public events are great way communicate broad audience. blockchain events: will not miss out our chance represented blockchain meet-ups all over the world order educate our solutions the world blockchain. financial events: are finance. order attract customers and clients from the old economy and open the gates new possibilities importance connect, collaborate and co-operate. global marketing: multi channel marketing campaigns organized, designed and implemented team senior professionals include online marketing direct marketing social marketing reach increase scenarios pecunio's innovative business model profound and elaborate. impossible evaluate prospects and future financial results with absolute precision, which why offer three possible scenarios help understand different levers and possible out-comes for our project: aum growth rate assumptions will grow the overall assets under management (aum) progressively over the next years, with growth rate starting from (year decelerating (year expect the aums between mio and mio for our three scenarios. this would put par with typical mid-sized hedge fund. growing about the end the year period, would match the size criterion for large-size hedge fund. market growth rates since the beginning the token market has grown value-weighted average about annualized. the market will continue grow, however more moderate pace. have therefore taken range growth rates from per year our yardstick. for each our three scenarios, expected that the blockchain economy grows around (conservative), (realistic) and (optimistic) per month for the next years. this equates around and annual growth total assets, fueling pco fee inflows. the ico fees will set average. aum growth rates and ico fees year fund growth rates n/a ico fees below are the more detailed projections revenue dynamics under the three different scenarios over -year period. conservative scenario the conservative scenario, modestly grow our asset base and revenue streams. will operate highly competitive market space. however, strengthen our position the world's first fully decentralized investment platform adding new fund features valued the investment community. this scenario, expect aum around mio the end assets under management (aum) first full year fee revenues (e) performance fee (m$) management fee (m$) total fund fees (m$) angel&venture fund ico fund crypto fund total fund aum the conservative scenario, forecast only modest increase market and fund growth rates. the total fee revenues for the -year period are expected around mio fund fees (m$) total ico revenue total revenue (fund ico fees) fund fees (m$) total fund fee revenue icos supported avg ico funding result cut fund fee revenue (m$) estimate the cost goods sold (the variable cost) around revenues. the sales, general administrative cost will around mio plus revenues. net present value revenues discount factor) cost goods sold cost factor revenue) sg&a (@m fixed cost revenue) net income net present value per pco token tokens fixed supply) realistic scenario the realistic scenario, grow our asset base and revenue streams more dynamically. will operate competitive, but expanding market space. strengthen our position the world's first fully decentralized investment platform adding new fund feature, growing the client base and capitalizing market gains. this scenario, expect aum around mio the end first full year fee revenues (e) assets under management (aum) performance fee (m$) management fee (m$) total fund fees (m$) angel&venture fund ico fund crypto fund total fund aum the realistic scenario, forecast progressive increase market and fund growth rates. the total fee revenues for the -year period are expected around mio fund fees (m$) fund fees (m$) fund fees (m$) fund fees (m$) fund fees (m$) total ico revenue total revenue (fund ico fees) total fund fee revenue icos supported avg ico funding result cut fund fee revenue (m$) estimate the cost goods sold (the variable cost) around revenues. the sales, general administrative cost will around mio plus revenues. net present value revenues discount factor) cost goods sold cost factor revenue) (@m fixed cost revenue) sg&a net income net present value per pco token tokens fixed supply) optimistic scenario the optimistic scenario, grow our asset base and revenue streams still more dynamically. will operate competitive, though more less unrestricted growth market. the growth rates will resemble the dot.com market the late ies. strengthen our position the world's first and leading fully decentralized investment platform progressively growing the client base and capitalizing significant market gains. this scenario, expect aum around mio the end assets under management (aum) first full year fee revenues (e) performance fee (m$) management fee (m$) total fund fees (m$) ico fund crypto fund total fund aum angel&venture fund the optimistic scenario, forecast progressive increase market and fund growth rates. the total fee revenues for the -year period are expected around mio fund fees (m$) fund fees (m$) fund fees (m$) fund fees (m$) fund fees (m$) total ico revenue total revenue (fund ico fees) total fund fee revenue icos supported avg ico funding result cut fund fee revenue (m$) estimate the cost goods sold (the variable cost) around revenues. the sales, general administrative (sg&a) cost will around mio plus revenues. net present value revenues discount factor) cost goods sold cost factor revenue) (@m fixed cost revenue) sg&a net income net present value per pco token tokens fixed supply) contact please don't hesitate contact you have any further questions will happy serve you. pecunio blockchain investments safe and easy https://pecun.io https://facebook.com/pecuniofund/ https://medium.com/pecunio https://twitter.com/pecun_io/ https://t.me/pecuniochat send e-mail office@pecun.io pecunio blockchain technologies fze umm quwain license dubai-united arab emirates office: business center, shmookh building, uaq ftz umm quwain, united arab emirates