unbiased content sharing platform that rewards users form pedi table contents introducing pedity pedi platform model pedi economics why stellar platform pedi rewards pedi distribution current limitations and solutions important links introducing pedity pedity simple community oriented content sharing platform where every user rewarded pedi tokens based content and not upvotes/votes from other users. the term content referred here various possible categories listed below and are not not just limited these articles similar steemit but users don't have depend upvotes videos similar media platform like lbry which rewards user for video sharing images similar gettyimages but user gets rewarded pedi tokens questions and answers for every successful answer user gets rewarded and also the person who has asked question will also rewarded and much more ... that will revealed with beta time frame currently pedity pre-alpha phase and moving towards alpha stage few days (https://pedity.com/post-pedity-in-alpha-phase) where the platform only open some tested and for march this platform alpha stage, all non-members will able see all content and will also see how the rewarding works. reporting bugs.(milestone achieved pedity asset quite exciting platform for stellar platform comes with lot promise regards content(as defined above). pedi platform pedity php based platform and pedi the rewards generated using stellar blockchain. pedi the currency which awarded users based the content they are posting. place manually deciding the value how much value user getting pedi per content, are going use few factors from stellar platform that will help gain the value pedi tokens per post, the factors are listed below trustline (most important the volume content created volume pedi tokens traded past hour value per xlm the above implementation reward generation shall finished end beta and currently coding stages. the source code will shared our pedity github once completely coded and passes all basic testcases. pedi economics pedi the currently alpha stages and currently there are ,,, pedi tokens. the pedity platform progressive platform where the rewards are generated based content difficult predict how much tokens should come circulation before the end beta. for time being, the number tokens are these and the issuer account not locked. you can check that issuer not locked horizon below (https://horizon.stellar.org/accounts/gbvudzlmhtlmzanlzbpsryfmvwtyvyxtqe jbpbxdzisdolly). current plan for that observe the growth platform till beta phase and lock the issuer with either burning tokens increase supply token (which will decided community voting). another important question that comes mind why will pedi should have any value, this quite important understand well. believe you are content enthusiast, you will know about steem, lbry, viberate, earn platforms which offers their coin/token/rewards users for sharing content. pedi little different asset, pedity will not only gain value like the above assets but pedity will having very genuine atmosphere content(like q/a) where people really want get answers their question and reward other users for getting help. for any advertisement pedity, users will have pay via pedi tokens/xlm indirectly which quite healthy for xlm ecosystem and all other assets and anchors present here. why stellar platform probably the simplest answer, xlm being one the fastest blockchain technology out crypto world and very fast will compared the bitshares and steem blockchain. with the amount content that pedity will generate, will using stellar network for lot things rewards and certainly for every transaction xlm the cheapest. the base fee stroops almost insanely low and perfect for needs content reward generation project. for this project, there nothing else better than stellar. pedi rewards pedity platform rewards tokens not only for content sharing but also pedi tokens are rewarded users for keeping funds their wallet rather than selling right away the market. this encourages maintain liquidity pedi tokens and the publishers/users are rewarded for just keeping pedi tokens their wallet. the reward rate dynamic and based following factors:. liquidity pedi tokens total circulation supply pedi tokens that changes the code for the pedi rewards will published pedity github that publishers can understand the rewards structure and the benefits not selling their tokens instantly. pedi rewards structure will updated pedity rewards announcement which you can find here (https://pedity.com/post-pedity-rewards) pedi distribution pedi distribution platform ico reserve team pedi rewards bounty total ,,, pedi tokens exist. out the ,,, tokens, distribution shown below tokens are for ico(%) and platform(%). tokens are reserved for team that can seen the account (gcdhpwrupkiinjkbvczagvjnyoqibnlmdjajebmjflgpf) tokens are reserved and will released/burned the closure pedity beta are rewards that are divided equally bounty and pedi rewards limitations and problems being development stages, lot things cannot answered well. but some the limitations feel are quite typical and are also thinking how tackle them. first problem being accept pedi asset, user has create trustline and for that the user needs have some xlm their account. can fund users with our own budget and easily create their accounts with minimum balance while registration. problem will come when pedity will have more users, have seen example other blockchains where they use faucet fund their users. certainly for trustline, faucet (that transfer money pennies) something like that not viable will need transfer xlm per user (~$) and with time xlm will get much higher value which situation are still thinking how tackle this problem. second problem being once value credited user(here value referred pedi tokens),we would like make sure that users don't exchange and change them right away. that might unhealthy ecosystem. for this, have two plans incentivize users they have tokens for particular amount time add two time slots where first time slow the rewarded pedi assets are first allocated and second time slot, where those particular assets are released that user can trade. these are few issues are facing and certainly with time will able solve them will give more insight how the platform growing. believe open source projects and the time pedity has matured beta stage, all code will released public that anyone can contribute pedity and learn more about it. important links main website https://pedity.com token markets https://stellarterm.com/#exchange/pedi-pedity.com/xlm-native https://portal.stellarport.io/exchange/alphanum/pedi/gbvudzlmhtlmzanlzbpsryf mvwtyvyxtqejbpbxdzisdolly/native/xlm/stellar block explorer https://stellar.expert/explorer/public/asset/pedigbvudzlmhtlmzanlzbpsryfmvwtyvyxtqejbpbxdzisdolly?filter=trades