peerguess collaborative cryptocurrency ticker "without data, you're just another person with opinion" edwards deming white paper version preface peerguess cryptocurrency price ticker application where users may also guess future prices earn gems; learn about community tendencies and reach sophisticated data. thought that would easier for our audience perceive our project through simple and concise set framings rather than reading long and boring narrative. the following sections, you will find the unique functionality and features peerguess, our innovative solution track, predict and analyze cryptocurrency based gamification principles, which believe will attract huge mass appeal. also believe that the audience our project the entire cryptocurrency community and therefore, think that every member the community, either newbie investor seasoned miner should consider reading this white paper. peerguess collaborative cryptocurrency ticker table contents preface table contents what the story behind the idea? what peerguess? what are the unique features peerguess? how will use the gems? how will you get more people in? what will you make data more reliable? guess token structure what are the privileges holding guess tokens? what your road map? who are we? glossary terms references and further reading peerguess collaborative cryptocurrency ticker what the story behind the idea? almost everyone the cryptocurrency world checks the price the currencies through application, usually coin ticker, blockfolio similar. while none these applications provide accurate information what invest, they merely allow track the market status your portfolio value. also know that almost everyone the community (whether crypto trader, miner, small investor big whale) spends endless time, experience, and even luck look for investment hints and clues from resources such blogs, twitter, slack communities, troll boxes and coinmarketcap.com. thought about one solution kill two birds with one stone, thought about peerguess. what peerguess? peerguess free application track cryptocurrencies from various exchanges, create portfolio and alerts, designed function applications like coin ticker, blockfolio and/or crypto projects like coindash, detectortoken, and trackr. become game changer the cryptocurrency world, peerguess designed with gamification experience. decided add gamification principles the watcher and portfolio management applications, which you can guess the next value specific cryptocurrency using the gems provided purchased. from individuals ecosystem, the power the peerguess platform comes from creating whole that larger than the sum its parts. while users play with gems and make guesses, these guesses will create community thought, and output, you will able see what the community thinks about bitcoin's (or any other altcoin) value the next hours. result, the predictions your own portfolio along with the whole cryptocurrency world will visible you. peerguess collaborative cryptocurrency ticker what are the unique features peerguess? believe that, short time, all cryptocurrency ticker and portfolio applications will replaced peerguess provides not just the common features all cryptocurrency followers have been looking for, but also game play even you don't currently own any cryptocurrency. some you know and explained sections below, it's not possible introduce tokens payment method appstore. therefore, have created "gems", which you will able convert them erc type guess tokens over ethereum platform. you will start with gems given and you will either buy from the inapp purchase convert guess tokens gems. the gaming section will simple heart. you will set the amount gem you want play with and you will click down buttons. for example, the price for one ethereum now, you will try guess will lower higher than after hours. playing the game, will also allow all users train with gems, and compare their predictions with the realworld data. from that point forward, our platform will analyze the gem play data provide sophisticated results, reports and opportunities make profit. peerguess collaborative cryptocurrency ticker have created four different modules complexity: cumulative guess analytics (cga) will serve the general opinion the community. for example, you will see that peerguess users believe that btc/usd will decrease the next recommendation engine (re) will: display list cryptocurrencies for users who predict both cryptocurrency and another currency (like e-commerce recommendations). recommend currencies based your prediction history and your segmentation. auto-trade (at) will use the historical success rates and many other indicators create triggers and parameters from the application and make trades your chosen exchange/platform. stigmergic quantitative data (sqd) will based positive and negative guesses made, which can filtered country, time zone, language and many more data fields assist you understand the different dynamics cryptocurrency world. peerguess collaborative cryptocurrency ticker other features that the peerguess platform will provide include; free price charts, without any limitations (d, all from the beginning) free cool blue theme and the dark theme (currently development). all other future themes implement will also free ads removal one-time charge the following table summarizes the key differentiators between our application and other applications: guessing cryptocurrency's future earn money cga re, at, sqd news section alerts management portfolio management favorites management show order book price history dark theme ads removal $./m $./m $./m peerguess coin ticker blockfolio the application supports the feature the application doesn't support the feature the feature included the project roadmap peerguess collaborative cryptocurrency ticker how will use the gems? all new users are provided gems start and are predicting the cryptocurrencies' future value the next hours using the provided markets' average value. the predictions can made with gems, which will doubled for accurate prediction the end the hours. every hours, check the gem balance and deposit gems gift for the users with zero gem balance. also, in-app purchase available buy more gems. the web version the application will allow all users convert gems guess tokens, which will transform the gems earned the game real-life value. the guess tokens will provided from our liquidation reserves. limiting the gems between minimum and maximum within -hour interval, will ensure prevent large payouts early stages. for the later stages, are planning raise the limits high possible, including short-term and long-term guesses and lower/higher multiplier options. peerguess collaborative cryptocurrency ticker how will you implement tokens the mobile world, what your plan? due restrictions imposed apple, currently not possible introduce currency that could bought outside the in-app purchase system, nor possible sell feature alike through something other than the in-app purchase system. other words, especially the apple side, can't enable people play with the tokens. whereas also know that the application cross platform, and the version you have does not promote the other one, apple not interested users buying the gems from somewhere else. short, will have in-app purchase system for apple and google side, but will also have web, facebook and other platforms which will introduce systems convert gems tokens and buy gems with tokens with super high discounts more than how will you get more people in? mentioned many sections, have four main features the peerguess platform; which are cumulative guess analytics, recommendation engine, auto-trade and stigmergic quantitative data. know that for accurate results, will need large population daily active users, and need them become part the decisionmaking process our search basic question: "will bitcoin increase decrease the next hours?". facilitate this answer, are bringing some the gamification principles into the project and add gems and tokens the system. following the gamification principles, know that, time, many users will enjoy competing with friends, family and with each other, and competition will attract more users via word mouth advertisement. are also dedicating large budget for targeted segment marketing acquire innovators and early adopters. peerguess collaborative cryptocurrency ticker what will you make data more reliable? the idea collective intelligence follows the idea collective wisdom, which simply says "many heads are general better than one". our unique data engine will collect data, analyze and report form "consensus clustering". the idea collective intelligence can traced back aristotle and the philosophers antiquity. one theoretical basis for collective wisdom can derived from condorcet's jury theorem. condorcet's jury theorem political science theorem about the relative probability given group individuals arriving correct decision. the assumptions the simplest version the theorem are that group wishes reach decision majority vote. one the two outcomes the vote correct, and each voter has independent probability voting for the correct decision. the theorem asks how many voters should include the group. assuming that raise necessary funds get licensing. condorcet's jury theorem calculates the probability, that jury gives the correct answer, given: the number jurors the probability individual juror being right the number jurors required for majority condorcet's jury theorem its simplest form has the following formula based around the cumulative binomial distribution: n-i (p) i)! i=m condorcet's jury theorem assumes that all jurors are independent and with the same probability being right. condorcet's jury theorem could applied our case guessing theory, given the assumption peerguess collaborative cryptocurrency ticker that there correct guess. when this done, jurors are replaced with guessers. the graph the left shows versus with fixed and chosen the dashed line horizontal once the electorate size gets large enough, long people are right more often than they are wrong, the probability for the correct voting outcome greater than individual's probability being right. the graph the right shows versus with fixed and fixed the dashed line where the graph shows that for sufficiently large enough electorate, then and then the graphs suggest that when electorate large enough, and individuals that electorate are right more often than they are wrong, elections would act "truth tracker" which our case would mean that have enough population guess the currencies' the next our platform will provide the best predictions possible use with our recommendation engine, auto-trade and stigmergic quantitative data modules. will also using the theories and principles from smarm intelligence and stigmergy, which consensus social network mechanism indirect coordination through the environment (our application) between agents actions (gems and guessing). the principle states that the trace left the environment action peerguess collaborative cryptocurrency ticker stimulates the performance the next action, the same different agent. consequently, subsequent actions tend reinforce and build each other, leading the spontaneous emergence coherent, apparently systematic activity. this also where the blockchain architectures obtain their power from, and where will get our power from. derived from the jury theorem, the swarm intelligence and the stigmergy; will largely relying our back end, our data engine unanimous project, created mit. there are numerous reports and results about the project, which can found their website but let's dig one example point reference; experts the new york times made predictions for the academy awards. these experts possessed far deeper knowledge than the novice members the study. still, the new york times only showed success rate. whereas group novices, functioning social swarm, made predictions that surpassed industry experts, with although not conclusive, this result suggests that social swarming may provide means achieving expert-level insights from groups non-experts. our application will even more than that will creating melting pot novices and experts trying guess the future. meanwhile, they will create swarm intelligence, and some point, the end result these guesses will create consensus and thus robust and reliable engine serve all who have access rights. peerguess collaborative cryptocurrency ticker guess token structure guess tokens are ethereum based erc tokens its simple form. the total supply guess token non-re-issuable which bought during the ico period and distributed bounty rewards. the funds raised during the ico invested the further development the project, well paying the marketing and maintenance costs for the infrastructure. what are the privileges holding guess tokens? you can buy gems with more than off appstore price (depending actual guess token market value). every sunday morning, will distribute gems all holders the guess tokens for each worth guess tokens they kept for days. for example, token holder with guess tokens with guess/usd $.. the holder will receive free gems sunday morning. peerguess collaborative cryptocurrency ticker what your road map? believe that our potential for next phase developments are tremendous. for clear reasons, prefer not uncover excessive details for now. would like emphasize that want actively contribute the cryptocurrency world and consider part our mission promote the decentralized thinking. therefore, our road map subject minor changes along the way and there might more features and ideas not mentioned here. *ports: iphone *modules: cumulative guess analytics *major: guess token available markets (yobit, stocks.exchange, idex, macro exchange) *major: guess token listed coinmarketcap *major: testing phase *minor: new website will ready *ports: android *major: convert gems tokens, tokens gems *major: more exchanges: yobit, binance, hitbtc, kucoin, more tbd *ports: web *sections: hall fame (best guessers), news, achievements *minor: portfolio enhancements, refer friend, language support *ports: tablet support and widgets *sections: follow users modules: themes, stigmergic quantitative data *sections: create guess coupons, top coupons *modules: recommendation engine *modules: auto-trade peerguess collaborative cryptocurrency ticker who are we? the founder, seyit ozgur, has years experience the internet and mobile gaming industry; currently employed one the most successful mobile game development company and also have deep knowledge big data. together with mert cavdar, community manager, our team has chosen move forward with cdn software solutions pvt. ltd., india for application development secure more stable development and ensure that not lose knowledge lose developer. we, team, have also experience and extensive knowledge about bitcoin and altcoins. veteran miners and hopeless traders, purposed ourselves fulfill deep-seated need the cryptocurrency community creating simple and engaging product with unique futures. management team seyit ozgur co-founder mert cavdar community manager development team jaya gehani mangesh vyas kapil prajapati subhash patidar project manager engineer peerguess collaborative cryptocurrency ticker developer uix designer glossary terms ico: initial coin offering (ico) used startups bypass the rigorous and regulated capital-raising process required venture capitalists banks. ico campaign, percentage the cryptocurrency sold early backers the project exchange for legal tender other cryptocurrencies, but usually for bitcoin. bitcoin: digital currency created follows the ideas set out white paper the mysterious satoshi nakamoto, whose true identity has yet verified. bitcoin offers the promise lower transaction fees than traditional online payment mechanisms and operated decentralized authority, unlike government-issued currencies. altcoin: alternative cryptocurrencies launched after the success bitcoin. generally, they project themselves better substitutes bitcoin. cryptocurrency: digital virtual currency that uses cryptography for security. defining feature cryptocurrency, and arguably its most endearing allure, its organic nature; not issued any central authority, rendering theoretically immune government interference manipulation. blockchain: type distributed ledger, comprised unchangeable, digitally recorded data packages called blocks (rather like collating them single sheet paper). each block then 'chained' the next block, using cryptographic signature. this allows block chains used like ledger, which can shared and accessed anyone with the appropriate permissions. stigmergy: the process which the results insect's activity act stimulus further activity. stigmergic: pertaining stigmergy. peerguess collaborative cryptocurrency ticker references and further reading goder and filkov. consensus clustering algorithms: comparison and refinement. proceedings alenex, pages lyle, j.a. collective problem solving: are the many smarter than the few? welinder, p., branson, s., belongie, s., and perona, the multidimensional wisdom crowds. nips, pennock, d.m. and sami, computational aspects prediction markets, woolley, a.w., chabris, c.f., pentland, a., hashmi, n., and malone, t.w. evidence for collective intelligence factor the performance human groups. science, ():, yan, y., rosales, r., fung, g., and dy, active learning from crowds. icml, rand, g., arbesman, christakis, dynamic social networks promote cooperation experiments with humans. proc. natl acad. sci. usa pinheiro, l., santos, c., and pacheco, (). how selection pressure changes the nature social dilemmas structured populations. new phys., ():. santos, c., pinheiro, l., lenaerts, t., and pacheco, (). the role diversity the evolution cooperation. theor. biol., :-. filkov and skiena. heterogeneous data integration with the consensus clustering formalism. proceedings data integration the life sciences, pages t.g. dietterich. ensemble methods machine learning. multiple classifier systems, pp.-, rokach. ensemble-based classifiers. artificial intelligence review, (-):-, strehl and ghosh. cluster ensembles knowledge reuse framework for combining multiple partitions. journal machine learning research, :-, unanimous project: http://unanimous.ai/publications peerguess collaborative cryptocurrency ticker