peerplays provably fair blockchain-based gaming platform jonathan baha'i, michael maloney may abstract the online betting and gambling industry has been constantly plagued with accusations fraud and cheating both players and system administrators. the united states alone, over dozen online gaming sites have either gone bankrupt been forcefully shut down authorities since resulting tens millions dollars deposits that have yet returned players. despite these setbacks, the industry continues grow, and players continue risk depositing their funds into centrally owned and operated gaming websites. provably fair online gaming badly needed. enter peerplays, solution for provably fair blockchain-based gaming that allows users design their own specialized tokens chips, buy sell gateway tokens for popular cryptocurrencies like bitcoin ether and then wager these tokens on-chain games. there "house" peerplays, but instead players are matched with other users for peer-to-peer gameplay through series smart contracts. these contracts escrow the funds wagered each player and then release them the winner after specific conditions within game are met and verified. smart contracts are built directly into the native blockchain code rather than virtual scripting machine, which makes transaction processing fast enough enable millions players interact almost simultaneously. table contents introduction blockchain consensus native smart contracts provably fair gaming profit sharing fee distribut ion flowchart mega-jackpots and powerup points open source gui trustless asset exchange wagering hosted (public) client portals server-side tournament hosting conclusion references introduction peer-to-peer marketplace online exchange that brings people and/or businesses together deal with each other directly without having through traditional slow and expensive multi-party networks. these marketplaces, motivated individuals with resources and specific skills talents can simply connect with willing customers through party "dispatch" service, consisting either online platform mobile app facilitate commercial exchange goods services and payment between the buyer and seller. airbnb, ebay, etsy, freelancer, kickstarter, mr. delivery, and uber are examples the most successful peer-to-peer networking models today. with the advent blockchain technologies, and specifically the platform called graphene now possible launch peer-to-peer dispatch service that runs almost entirely its own. graphene open-source, mit licensed, decentralized blockchain technology that utilizes delegated proof stake (dpos) consensus mechanism, which leverages the power stakeholder voting resolve consensus issues fair and democratic way. commercial interactions between users facilitated graphene are cheaper and faster than traditional company due greatly reduced overhead costs, while membership and operational criteria still flexible enough grow and adapt through democratic process. even better, all actions the blockchain are publicly accessible for audit and verification, eliminating the possibility cheating. and since decentralized blockchains cannot easily turned off shut down external agencies, blockchain-based companies may among the first organizations history enjoy complete global autonomy. this has recently sparked worldwide movement promote and explore blockchain technologies potential catalyst for new social, political, cooperative, and for-profit business models. one such model addressed peerplays the creation provably fair and auditable gaming platform, because the online betting and gambling industry has been constantly plagued with accusations fraud and cheating both players and system administrators. peerplays also offers alternative for payment processing wagers, the current legacy system often involves complex legal compliance hurdles which have dealt with separately each country operation. payment processing can outsourced decentralized blockchain, party gaming partners can unburden themselves ways that lower the barrier entry into the marketplace. blockchain consensus graphene, the technology behind peerplays, the same platform used bitshares, steem, and muse. currently offers the fastest block production times and the highest throughput any decentralized blockchain consensus mechanism available supporting second blocks and potential throughput capacity over transactions per second. graphene-based blockchain, stakeholders elect trusted signing "witnesses", and periodic, randomly chosen deterministic block signing order allows each witness know when their turn sign approaching. thus, block production speed only limited the bandwidth capacity the signing nodes and the speed light which about second for packet circle the globe meaning high bandwidth network could achieve about second average block times. the high throughput capacity graphene-based blockchain due number architectural specifications modelled after the lmax (online trading) exchange, which has achieved upwards million transactions per second (tps). some these highly streamlined design parameters include the limiting the core business logic single thread, the removing cryptographic operations (hashes and signatures) from the core business logic, the division validation into state-dependent and state-independent checks, the use object oriented data model, and keeping databases memory-resident. adding new features graphene blockchain requires stakeholder approval, but this process largely seamless experience for users because most will use the lightweight hosted clients, and only full nodes are required upgrade. the bitshares network, for example, hard forks usually take few hours and disruption for most users minimal none. native smart contracts here what daniel larimer, lead developer for graphene, says about running smart contracts graphene: the bitshares decentralized asset exchange uses order matching algorithm which wonderful example one such "natively supported" smart contract. this feature allows buy and sell orders between users filled instantly and has been proven stress tests handle thousands unique transactions per second. furthermore, can use the analogy "opening and filling orders" within marketplace describe peerplays player matching the operation through which players interact with one another using the gaming tournament smart contracts. begin the process, each player opens "order" which then accepted and "filled" the appropriate on-chain smart contract. the smart contract then matches pairs groups players together, arbitrates the terms and rules the game between players and releases the funds the winner. have coined the term peerplays marketplace describe this feature. step player opens/broadcasts offer contract henceforth referred otc, into the peerplays marketplace. each otc contains the appropriate funds buy-in the desired game, well other data required define the terms which wishes engage the desired game tournament. step otcs are matched player matching (order matching) algorithm. step after players are matched, game play begins and players voluntarily interact (compete) with each other fulfill the conditions set forth the rules the particular game tournament and their agreement with the smart contract. step funds are unlocked the smart contract and sent the winner, minus any fees which the blockchain automatically distributes the appropriate places via profit sharing (section additionally, essential element for most games peerplays includes the on-chain random number generator (rng) and shuffle program which can generate numbers which are then encrypted player's private/public key pairing and published the blockchain. players are then able publish reveal blinded cryptographic signatures "prove" their positions holdings the game, and fast and reliable block times means they can with the speed and frequency necessary facilitate real-time gameplay for on-chain casino card games, popular board games, and other games skill. provably fair gaming peerplays universally auditable platform. all smart contracts are written open-source code, easy verify that they are functioning advertised. broadcasting otc, each player essentially enters into "arbitration agreement" with the blockchain, after which time their only recourse follow the rules. the release escrowed funds always dependent voluntary moves (or lack thereof) the part each player, failure perform these actions timely manner, failure produce the "winning hand" automatically removes player's eligibility receive the jackpot payout. way explanation, let create hypothetical game called high card here are the rules this game: two players place initial wager (ante), and then each dealt single card from card deck. after each player looks her card, round betting ensues, either player can fold. both remain, then each reveals their card and the highest card wins. (note: suits would also have ranked from high low, for example diamonds low, then clubs, then hearts, and then spades high.) play this game peerplays, each player opens otc for the game which includes the appropriate ante. after they are matched, the smart contract locks their funds and the rng deals each them card "face down" meaning each player's card published the blockchain but encrypted their private/public key pair. then, they are each able view their individual cards without revealing the other, and make their decisions whether bet fold. betting involves sending additional funds the smart contract escrow. either player folds, then the smart contract releases the funds the other player. one bets and the other calls, both pass the round betting, then time reveal the cards. this, each user must publish the decrypted version their secret, which can then proved equal the encrypted version re-encrypting with their public key. this "proof" validated automatically the blockchain code when the user publishes the decrypted version. the smart contract then awards the funds the player with the higher card. either player fails reveal their proof within certain time limit, they automatically forfeit the jackpot. launch, peerplays will allow players choose single-elimination tournament brackets which facilitate multi-player tournaments pairing off players head-to-head competition through series rounds. the randomized player matching algorithm will prevent greatly reduce the ability for players collude, and individual head-to-head games are not subject collusion the same way multi-player tables. these are just few the basic tools and features which will available peerplays. using only these functions have outlined here, almost unlimited variety on-chain games can written and implemented. profit sharing the peerplays network earns revenue from various operations like the creation and trading digital asset tokens users, and the performance certain custom operations, but most notably from the rake which percentage each jackpot deducted fee. this model allows the network financially benefit from the trustless arbitration each tournament and thus prevents peerplays from having act "house" and bet against its users. every time fee collected, the blockchain automatically splits into virtual account governed smart contract which distributes the fees three directions. the largest percentage distributed regular intervals into the accounts peerplays core token holders profit sharing. this means that core token holders receive portion every jackpot paid any the certified wagering instruments along with portion the rest the network fees. another term for the core tokens fee-backed assets fbas because they entitle the holder portion the fees collected the network. the next portion directed towards blockchain maintenance, such for paying block producers and fixing bugs. and the third portion sent the mega-jackpot virtual accumulation account (outlined the next section). all these fees and percentages are determined the elected peerplays committee members, who are voted for the peerplays token holders. the flowchart below explains how player's fees are distributed note: hosted clients never have control over players funds, they merely offer "access point" into peerplays. mega-jackpots and powerup points mega-jackpot tournaments are way for the peerplays network occasionally become the sponsor large tournament jackpots utilizing the network's unique "profit sharing" capabilities. peerplays automatically allocates small percentage every network fee into smart contract-secured virtual account called the mega-jackpot fund this smart contract then automatically schedules and hosts mega-jackpot tournament events, and the funds are unlocked and instantly transferred the tournament winners. powerup points are the user-reward tokens the peerplays network, and are distributed according win-loss records and amounts wagered, among other factors. powerup the only token accepted the buy-in fee for mega-jackpot tournaments, they will high demand during mega-jackpot sign periods. they are tradeable the asset exchange, and players can use them for purchases, rewards, include them sponsored jackpot pools for their own custom tournaments. open source gui all the operations for regular gameplay peerplays will integrated into basic opensource graphic user interface (gui) for seamless user experience. this gui will published and maintained, exposing all the basic blockchain functions including simple tools for players create their own buyin games, organize and host multiplayer tournaments, and buy, sell and create tokens. will also support live gameplay for all onchain games. the user interface will translated into several languages, and will have modified bsd licence for both personal and commercial use. trustless asset exchange graphene blockchain, peerplays has the same asset creation and exchange features bitshares, enabling users create their own tokens, and place buy and sell orders the internal market which are filled the chain order matching smart contract. they can also transfer, buy and sell gateway tokens for popular cryptocurrencies like btc and eth and price-stable smartcoins from the bitshares platform from growing number reputable gateway services. players can even provide their own profitable gateway services buying and selling in-game assets for popular rpgs. wagering the peerplays tournament smart contract accepts any user issued token for wagering, but charges small fee the tokens are not one the certified wagering instruments these instruments are chosen accordance with standards acceptable value determined the committee. certified instruments charge rake fee place the standard registration fee, which automatically distributed part the profit sharing program. users can also place wagers with the peerplays core token. hosted (public) client portals hosted client portals are way for users access the peerplays blockchain through their web browser, while their private keys are stored locally. they are more convenient than private desktop clients, but like most cryptocurrency wallets they require backups prevent accidental loss funds. private desktop client portals operate much like lightweight wallets that not require the user download full node, but instead reference series trusted public nodes. for the highest level security, users can also run their own full node conjunction with the desktop client. operating public hosted client portal opportunity for businesses make extra income through the referral program building and connecting independent party website organize and host their own server-side tournaments. server-side tournament hosting server-side game hosting still trusted and proven model the esports industry, and has seen explosive growth the past years. peerplays supports optional server-side hosting games while offering variety tools for business enhancement. for example, simply connecting peerplays through the api allows anyone utilize the decentralized network for processing wagers and jackpots while continuing operate independent website. peerplays' customizable tournament management smart contract lets any game publisher, advertiser, tournament host vendor create their own tournament structures, fee schedules, and wager collection distribution methods for any off-chain (server hosted) game the world. and gaming partners can offer additional benefits and perks users designing their own custom gui even simply hosting the basic open-source peerplays gui public server. peerplays also has blockchain guaranteed referral program which automatically pays percentage lifetime revenue for each new player referred the network, which means businesses can earn major "kickbacks" plugging into peerplays and getting all their existing users sign for peerplays account. conclusion peerplays offers unique value proposition both end users and existing businesses. combining provably fair gaming with decentralized blockchain-based wagering, peerplays effectively tackles several key industry challenges while offering strong incentives for existing gaming platforms integrate. overall, the platform well equipped for future growth and adaptation changing market conditions due its next-generation voting and consensus mechanisms, and strongly positioned become the premiere go-to provider for blockchain based solutions the online gaming industry. references http://www.pokersites.com/defunct http://www.gamblingsites.com/onlinegamblingjurisdictions/ https://bitshares.org/blog////measuringperformance/ http://martinfowler.com/articles/lmax.html https://bitshares.org/zh/technology/highperformanceandscalability/ http://docs.bitshares.org/bitshares/user/dex.html https://bitsharestalk.org/index.php/topic,..html https://github.com/bitshares/bsips/blob/master/bsip.md https://docs.bitshares.org/bitshares/user/assets.html https://github.com/bitshares/web_wallet