penguin coin white paper age penguin coin white paper penguin coin white paper version june http://penguincoin.co/ name: penguin coin ticker: peng algo quark mode pos/mn rpc stake age hours peng final figures maximum supply ,,, distributed over blocks. collateral coins block time- seconds stake time- seconds age penguin coin white paper abstract this paper introduces and outlines the key features the penguin coin crypto-currency, including the rationale behind the design choices. penguin coin based the pivx code with masternode (mn) and proof stake (pos) functionality built in, well adding features such autonomous charitable transfers (acts) that allow penguin coin make regular and immediate donations, funded exclusively rewards, global charity network some care has also been taken explain several core concepts and technologies ubiquitous crypto-currencies that this paper can serve self-contained guide penguin coin even for readers not familiar with crypto-currency general. age penguin coin white paper contents introduction intro penguin coin blockchain structure blocks block time decentralization peng: the driving force mission goals and objectives enable positive change penguin coin development widespread adoption technology what masternode? proof stake overview privacy token roadmap and projects age penguin coin white paper introduction penguin coin cryptocurrency began with bitcoin purely peer-to-peer version electronic cash that would allow online payments sent directly from one party another without the use financial institution. many alternative cryptocurrencies would soon follow. are the start cryptocurrency boom that has the potential change the world dramatically. penguin coin intends major part this global change. with committed development team, penguin coin plans become integral part donating global aid and humanitarian efforts. helping the future with blockchain. penguin coin inspired creature that routinely endures and overcomes tough conditions just survive. man-made and natural disasters are sadly very much features the world live and must strive provide much needed assistance the less fortunate, irrespective their location background. blockchain blockchain, continuously growing list records, called blocks, which are linked and secured using cryptography. each block contains cryptographic hash the previous block, timestamp, and transaction. design, blockchain resistant modification the data. "an open, distributed ledger that can record transactions between two parties efficiently and age penguin coin white paper verifiable and permanent way. for use distributed ledger, blockchain typically managed peer-to-peer network collectively adhering protocol for inter-node communication and validating new blocks. once recorded, the data any given block cannot altered retroactively without alteration all subsequent blocks, which requires consensus the network majority. structure blockchain decentralized, distributed and public digital ledger that used record transactions across many computers that the record cannot altered retroactively without the alteration all subsequent blocks and the consensus the network. this allows the participants verify and audit transactions inexpensively. blockchain database managed autonomously using peer-to-peer network and distributed timestamping server. they are authenticated mass collaboration powered collective self-interests. the result robust workflow where participants' uncertainty regarding data security marginal. the use blockchain removes the characteristic infinite reproducibility from digital asset. confirms that each unit value was transferred only once, solving the long-standing problem double spending. blockchains have been described value-exchange protocol. this blockchain-based exchange value can completed quicker, safer and cheaper than with traditional systems. age penguin coin white paper blocks blocks hold batches valid transactions that are hashed and encoded. each block includes the cryptographic hash the prior block the blockchain, linking the two. the linked blocks form chain. this iterative process confirms the integrity the previous block, all the way back the original genesis block. block time the block time the average time takes for the network generate one extra block the blockchain. some blockchains create new block frequently every five seconds. the time block completion, the included data becomes verifiable. cryptocurrency, this practically when the transaction takes place, shorter block time means faster transactions. decentralization storing data across its peer-to-peer network, the blockchain eliminates number risks that come with data being held centrally. peer-to-peer blockchain networks lack centralized points vulnerability that computer crackers can exploit; likewise, has central point failure. blockchain security methods include the use public-key cryptography. age penguin coin white paper public key long, random-looking string numbers) address the blockchain. value tokens sent across the network are recorded belonging that address. private key like password that gives its owner access their digital assets the means otherwise interact with the various capabilities that blockchains now support. data stored the blockchain generally considered incorruptible. every node decentralized system has copy the blockchain. data quality maintained massive database replication and computational trust. centralized "official" copy exists and user "trusted" more than any other. transactions are broadcast the network using software. mining nodes validate transactions, add them the block they are building, and then broadcast the completed block other nodes. age penguin coin white paper peng: the driving force mission penguin coin strives provide the world with easy use, functional and meaningful cryptocurrency. cryptocurrency both utility and charity. coin which can reach across borders and barriers quickly and securely provide support where needed most. the central idea behind penguin coin provide essential aid and help people and animals need, regardless background location. man-made and natural disasters are sadly still very much features the world live and routinely imperil the lives humans and animals alike. result, the penguin coin network will generate and distribute funds international organizations known for their efficiency and honesty well smaller scale local efforts that have been verified penguin coin environmental ambassadors and the penguin coin community since full transparency also one the key pillars the project, all generated funds will publicly visible wallet the blockchain, and all donations can tracked and will communicated through various media. age penguin coin white paper goals and objectives penguin coin (ticker peng) strives achieve number goals. order so, peng must successfully navigate through implement series steps objectives. summarised below are the core goals the coin and the mechanisms steps which these goals are contingent. enable positive change enable positive change broad array humanitarian and animal welfare efforts globally. objectives central achieving this goal will extensively leverage blockchain technology enable rapid, low zero cost cross-border donations peng into relief organisations. so, critical for peng forge strategic partnerships with several major influential humanitarian animal welfare organisations with initial selection contingent their effectiveness (i.e. ability deliver high percentage donations the targeted cause). these organisations will integrate peng into their list approved payment methods which turn will open the door donations from peng users. note that many charities already accept btc, despite its limitations. design proprietary blockchain based tools facilitate the integration peng into the workflow aid organisations. successfully integrating these tools ensure all donations submitted peng will used efficiently possible the target organisations.. implement autonomous charitable transfers (acts). slice all masternode pay-outs siloed off into transparent, public wallet and periodically transferred our partner charities penguin coin white paper develop penguin coin develop peng and its community into sustainable, stable ecosystem. objectives: develop scrypt algorithm permit seamless integration modifications and functional enhancements. this important design choice will ensure that the code can readily adapt future technology developments. base peng pos (proof stake), which green algorithm (i.e. computationally not intensive). introduce system governance the masternode that all future decisions can taken conjunction with the community. small percentage masternode coins will introduce system governance the masternode. small percentage masternode coins generated will fed back into peng development ensure can devote the necessary resources improving the coin with new features remain competitive and boosting the peng development teams capacity. listen community feedback and integrate features the community wish list. maintain constant dialogue with the community through various social media platforms. ensure peng transparent possible its activities with respect act, charity selection and development roadmap. penguin coin white paper widespread adoption objectives: maximise peng accessibility launching peng broad array platforms from ios, android, windows, linux, mac and web. approach for improving this currency. maintain and continuously develop clear, concise website and marketing material that outline the core features and advantages using peng. add marketing department our team significantly expand our presence social media networks and create informative media content the form videos and infographics and engage targeted advertisements through various channels. introduce peng virtual store our website. open physical stores strategic locations globally expand pengs reach beyond purely digital. penguin coin white paper technology penguin coin new alternative cryptocurrency and open-source, uses peer-to-peer technology function with central authority, and relies scrypt algorithm for proof work. what masternode? masternodes are nodes running the same wallet software the same blockchain provide extra services the network. these services include: anonymization increased privacy transactions instant transactions decentralized governance decentralized budgeting system immutable proposal and voting systems. for providing such services, masternodes are also paid certain portion reward for each block. this can serve passive income the masternode owners minus their running cost. because their increased capabilities, masternodes typically require sizable investment order run. but this where incentivization comes into play, masternode operators are rewarded earning portions block rewards whatever given cryptocurrency they're facilitating. penguin coin white paper proof stake overview achieve consensus; proof stake (pos) requires nodes running wallet software proving that has coins the blockchain order verify block transactions. the participating nodes receive amount blocks proportional their stake per set period form reward. this means that with lots participating nodes (with roughly even amounts coins) the network becomes very secure due the increased difficulty owning majority coins the network. algorithm: quark coins max supply: ,,, distributed over blocks. block time: sec reward system: proof stake masternode coin maturity: blocks penguin coin white paper privacy token the underlying code for penguin coin pivx base. utilizes network masternodes for openly visible decentralized governance and increased transaction privacy. the main goal achieve near instant private transactions and governance that helps sustain the network for the benefit all the users involved. while are well our way achieving this, some the features are under development and should appear the near future. zerocoin very well respected party project that seeks fix major weakness bitcoin, namely the inability unlink transactions from the public ledger (i.e. privacy). order imbue peng with untraceable, anonymous and secure sending receiving, have leveraged the powerful technology suite zerocoin and refer this new variant zpeng. zpeng will enabled block ,,. zpeng private and fungible. anonymous and untraceable. every coin sent has transaction history. large wallets, attractive scammers, are totally opaque. zpeng are stored the zerocoin protocol into shared, decentralized pool and the blockchain perfectly tracks the amount circulation. whenever user wishes send zpeng another wallet address, the senders wallet issues zero-knowledge proof the blockchain which coverts some the zpeng the pool back peng and sends the recipient single step process. long spender can provide zero-knowledge proof zpeng ownership within the shared pool, new zpeng will created. this essentially unlinks the coins transaction history from any previous addresses, which turn makes the transaction untraceable. penguin coin white paper roadmap