introduction background blockchain cryptocurrencies and tokens venezuela's opportunity petro description emission and initial offer state backing ecosystem development petro's initial offer emission and distribution initial offer fund destination conditions and incentives for the initial offer the cryptoasset purchase and exchange petro (ptr) has its origin the idea president hugo chavez strong currency backed raw materials. its background dates back proposals for global financial and monetary coordination prior the hegemony the dollar, which resurfaced after the financial crisis the late the blockchain allows the transfer value and information, without third parties, they provide the tools successfully face the challenge creating platforms and financial instruments that are transparent, efficient and inclusive. petro will sovereign crypto asset backed oil assets and issued the venezuelan state spearhead for the development independent, transparent and open digital economy open direct participation citizens. will also serve platform for the growth fairer financial system that contributes development, autonomy and trade between emerging economies. venezuelan oil assets will used promote the adoption crypto assets and technologies based the country's block-chain. the state shall promote and encourage the use petro with view consolidating investment option, savings mechanism and means exchange with state services, industry, commerce, and citizens general. the venezuelan population will have their reach technology that will allow them having valuable reserve and robust means payment stimulate savings and contribute the country's development. petro will instrument for venezuela's economic stability and financial independence, coupled with ambitious and global vision for the creation freer, more balanced and fairer international financial system. the adoption blockchain technology the global marketplace not simply temporary trend fashion, but firm and continuous shift towards future which the management personal, institutional and potentially state finances will become easier, straightforward, quicker and more transparent. two the applications this technology, cryptocurrency and tokens, stand out popularity. such instruments are convenient for global society because they allow greater efficiency, speed and freedom all types transactions, especially for international trade. its use has generated universe opportunities that have the potential alter conventional business practices, especially industries based intermediation for exchange verification, such finance, trade, manufacturing and even areas human knowledge that usually adopt technological innovations longer terms, such law and politics. there still critical mass cryptocurrency adoption among investors, entrepreneurs, consumers, institutions and even governments, alternative value and information transfer: early the number cryptocurrency assets users worldwide was estimated around three million however, the explosive growth supply, market capital and initial offers (icos) are clear indicators significant growth the user base over the past year https://hbr.org///the-blockchain-will-do-to-banks-and-law-firms-what-the-internet-did-to-media http://capitalmarketsblog.accenture.com/blockchain-technology-a-fad-or-here-to-stay https://www.jpmorgan.com/global/distributed-ledger-technology https://www.jbs.cam.ac.uk/fileadmin/user_upload/research/centres/alternative-finance/downloads/-global-cryptocurrency-benchmarking-study.pdf https://www.forbes.com/sites/chancebarnett////inside-the-meteoric-rise-of-icos http://uk.businessinsider.com/ico-mangrove-capital-average-returns-crypto-icos-- http://http://www.coinmarketcap.com the development the crypto asset ecosystem based the revolutionary idea technological substitution trust. the work model which they are based emerged ingenious mechanism that combines networks, computing power and incentives for collaborative work ensure the integrity information, long with traceability and transparency exchanges. additionally, since places the management financial resources directly people's hands, proposes different approach electronic finance security. however, despite the inherent advantages blockchains, far there are only projects, ideas and aspirations create cryptocurrencies with the backing sovereign state. with petro, venezuela aspires become the global leader economic initiative that makes possible take advantage the value its natural resources innovative way developing and promoting the adoption cryptocurrency the country. petro breaking with promising outlook, taking advantage of: the early maturity blockchain technology market more than thir million people eager for savings, investment and international exchange instruments world-renowned oil industry the participation allied governments enthusiastic promoters cryptocurrency for the development new worldwide economy petro will have the capacity overcome blockages, delays and limitations the traditional financial system, favoring the growth new economic ecosystem based trust, integrity, transparency, efficiency and speed that guarantees the technology blockchains. the objective this document describe the technical foundations petro's development instrument for exchange, savings, investment and technological platform. the following will establish the historical-social and economic bases that inspire the development the instrument, the structure the global and national market which will used, the issue method and policies that will consolidate its use are set out below. due the imposition the dollar the international backing currency and the subsequent replacement the gold standard with the fiduciary model, the world economy has suffered from uncertainty and instability caused the foundation currency without gold backing, which has been particularly harmful emerging economies. since then, the need strengthen local markets and avoid dependence unilateral decisions made the major centers power stabilize economies has been recognized. this has led number proposals support national currencies with the most valuable natural resources the countries -often located emerging economies-. perhaps the best-known case the case bancor, the stable-priced international unit account, based balanced basket proposed john maynard keynes and other leading economists with the aim safeguarding the global monetary system against balance-of-payment crises and exchange-rate instability, anticipating the effects the united states' dominant position the bretton woods agreements. special drawing rights (sdrs), supplementary reserve assets and unit account created the imf based claim that basket currencies (currently usd, eur, gbp, yen, and yuan) appeared. more recently, following the global financial crisis, initiatives such the sucre unit account and value for alba countries and proposals from china and the association southeast asian nations (asean) countries emerged.in special drawing rights (sdrs), supplementary reserve assets and unit account created the imf based claim that basket currencies (currently usd, eur, gbp, yen, and yuan) appeared. more recently, following the global financial crisis, initiatives such the sucre unit account and value for alba countries and proposals from china and the association southeast asian nations (asean) countries emerged. the combination this historical background and the international recognition the enormous potential new technologies underpin the idea petro international currency developed and promoted emerging nation for the development decentralized, more egalitarian, inclusive and transparent global economy. https://www.un.org/ga/president//letters/recommendationexperts.pdf https://www.bis.org/review/rc.pdf https://www.rieti.go.jp/users/amu/en/wide.html barrdear, kumhof, (). macroeconomics central bank issued digital currencies. bank england staff working paper no. july https://www.imf.org/en/news/articles////sp-central-banking-and-fintech-a-brave-new-world blockchain public accounting book that can record transactions between two parties efficient, verifiable and permanent way, allowing the technological substitution trust through the collaborative work electronic network whose nodes respond diverse interests, which are aligned guarantee the efficiency the system through clear rules and incentives granted the same network. the blockchain organizes the information the form blocks, which are verified the network nodes order connect them the block that precedes through hash code. the unique conformation the codes that link the blocks depends encryption mechanisms that are turn defined coded and compacted representation the series entries they contain. once block has been created and verified certain number nodes (or all them), according protocols and rules defined from the first block the chain ("genesis block"), the modification distributed all network nodes. all nodes have full registration and the possibility (sometimes the obligation) audit permanently and real time. the fundamental characteristic blockchain "distribution", the deconcentration tasks and access information. all members have important role (in most blockchains, all nodes have exactly the same role), but none them concentrate information, nor they have the power make any kind decisions about the chain, global consensus based clear and strict rules required when making any changes. therefore the records blockchain are therefore highly reliable because they guarantee the integrity information, traceability transactions and security. the use blockchains beginning gain popularity globally. currently has hundreds applications. this' distributed electronic records' technology can leveraged for all kinds information: medical records, authorship and patents, data authentication, food distribution, real estate and more, offering even the ability program automatic execution "smart contracts", which promise revolutionize many activities and industries around the world. among the applications, value transfer registration stands out, the blockchain makes possible -for the first time history- real electronic transfers, that say, those where one party gives element information another and loses its possession (the ability use copy it). short, block chains eliminate the possibility "dual use" information transfer, which financial transactions translates into "double expenditure". not surprising that the blockchain has been devised precisely with the preservation value and the freedom make transfers this value mind. bitcoin, the first digital asset based distributed trust -without the intervention central entity- was its first application. cryptocurrencies are digital assets designed work means exchange that uses cryptography secure your transactions, control the creation new units and verify the transfer these units token, the other hand, unit value that organization creates govern its business model and give its users more power interact with its products, while facilitating the distribution and sharing profits among all its shareholders. the case digital tokens, the accounting and relationship the token with the ecosystem around the productive activity found the blockchain some cryptocurrency, ethereum, which mediates the relationship the token with the real economy and the fiduciary currencies, although this relationship does not have permanent. cryptocurrency and digital tokens: facilitate currency and legal transactions they enable the transfer assets (or certifications ownership) more secure manner they empower users and organizations the management their finances, that they themselves become the owners the banks, and not just the bank account, owning "digital purse" wallet store their cryptocurrencies avoid the high transaction costs traditional credit card companies and centralized payment procesors save time thanks the speed transactions they eliminate geographic barriers being driven and supported internet protocols, giving access secure international financial transactions digital cryptocurrency and tokens are not being fully exploited important actors society, such public and private organizations. both their convenience and the other advantages inherent the blockchain that sustains them, make think about the possibility massive adoption the medium term, long the states favor the conditions for this process. chohan, (). cryptocurrencies: brief thematic review. recuperado diciembre disponible ssrn: https://ssrn.com/abstract= mougayar, (). the business blockchain: promise, practice, and application the next internet technology. john wiley sons, hoboken, nueva jersey. these instruments have revealed new financial opportunities for people. however, they still present great challenges, such usability, the price volatility and, above all, the resistance traditional institutions that are forced think about what their new role will the economy the fourth industrial era. the economic potential and the fundamental foundation the venezuelan economy its abundance natural resources, oil been the most prominent them. the exploitation and commercialization hydrocarbon and some related products and by-products, generate the income foreign currency for the country exports. the main source electrical energy, and vital part other industries, such pharmaceuticals, oil remains highly sought-after commodity the world. its market approximately trillion dollars annually. put perspective, the oil market larger than the sum all metal markets. this situation puts venezuela privileged position, possesses the largest proven reserves crude oil (,,, barrels), well great advantages terms energy, including electric system subsidized the same oil revenues. http://www.mining.com/web/oil-market-bigger-metal-markets-combined/ instrument for reducing volatility the crypto asset market. the last year, the three main cryptocurrencies terms market capitalisation recorded notable increase prices. bitcoin multiplied its value ripple and ethereum times, but while the overall trend was growth, significant fluctuations were recorded throughout the year. there were days which bitcoin went down .%, ripple and ethereum .%. description petro will give investors the opportunity enter the crypto asset market with instrument intrinsic value that safer, more stable and susceptible fundamental analysis because linked widely known industry, and therefore, suitable used large transactions and even store value. using technology improve trust and boost growth petro will operate with blockchain technology, following the highest standards guarantee integrity, transparency, auditability and governance. thus, the crypto asset will generate trust among international investors having its foundation firmly established context clear policies and solid connection with the real economy. petro much more ambitious project than other digital convertible currencies such the digix (gold-backed) the tether (backed dollars), because opens the opportunity for using other assets backup the currency. due the condition crypto asset with state sanction (non-control) its own platform, the instrument has massive adoption potential, with approximate million people venezuela alone, that is, ten times the size the global market for cryptocurrencies (july addition, petro will also enable the development other crypto assets, opening the possibility for innovators and governments emerging economies based natural resources create similar currencies through the petro platform. petro (ptr) will sovereign crypto asset backed oil assets and issued the bolivarian republic venezuela blockchain platform. its launch will spearhead the promotion independent, transparent digital economy, open direct citizen participation, which will serve platform for the development crypto assets and innovation venezuela and other emerging countries with great potential. this instrument will foster the emergence fairer, more collaborative global financial system that conducive growth, autonomy and trade among developing economies, primarily those based raw materials: petro will have three facets: means exchange may used purchase goods services and will redeemable for fiat money and other crypto assets cryptocurrencies through digital exchange houses. digital platform can perform the functions digital representation goods and/or raw materials (e-commodity) and the creation other digital instruments for national and international trade. savings and investment facility petro will available for free exchange electronic exchange houses (exchanges) around the world and will have the necessary characteristics carry out direct exchanges (atomic swaps) safe manner and accordance with the venezuelan legal framework. the bolivarian republic venezuela will require high standards control combat money laundering and client knowledge authorized exchange houses. one issue and initial offer the crypto asset will made. petro's total issued and put sale the initial offer during the first year will one hundred million (,,). there will extraordinary issues without the approval petro's holders vote conducted through the chain petro blocks the basis one petro equal one vote. divisibility ptr will divisible units. the minimum exchange unit will called mene (,). "mene" the word for petroleum wayuu. wayuu the second most spoken language venezuela. the petro launch will divided into two stages: pre-sale and initial coin offer (ico). presale the pre-sale will start february and will consist the creation and sale erc token the blockchain ethereum platform. this process will promote and guarantee demand for petro's initial offering, which will carried out later. the tokens that meet the requirements the erc standard are non minable digital cards that are issued their entirety through intelligent contract this platform. the token will not part the petro network until redeemed "burned" during the initial offer process. the token may exchanged for petro any time between the launch date and the closing the initial offer. initial offer petro's initial offer will made later until the eighty-two million four hundred thousand (,,) units available for sale are exhausted. petro's sale during the initial offer will created and sold through auditable mechanism the blockchain. restrictions the venezuelan state will not able make new emissions petro. the design the network includes the possibility generating incentive for proof stake (pos). this feature will initially disabled and can only activated the initiative the superintendency currency venezuela with the approval the holders petro. burning token cryptoasset the procedure which sent address where mathematically impossible reuse. petro's most important contribution the cryptoassets market and the new digital economy will the support offered sovereign state. the bolivarian republic venezuela guarantees that will accept petro's form payment national taxes, fees, contributions and public services, taking reference the price the barrel the venezuelan basket the previous day with percentage discount dv. this wat, guaranteed that the purchaser always has recovery value adjusted the investment. these payments will accepted bolivars the exchange rate resulting from the operations the authorized exchange offices, determined market mechanisms and accordance with the legal provisions issued the competent authorities the republic. acceptance price petro price oil petro bolivar petro bolivar where the petro/bolivar rate will determined through average weighted the volume operations all exchange houses authorized the venezuelan government. addition, the venezuelan government committed promoting the use petro the domestic market and making efforts stimulate its acceptance throughout the world. published the official website the ministry the popular power for oil. this percentage discount (dv) equivalent the current discount rate which the state sells petro, which will least authorized exchange offices must charge commission for the operations, whose conditions will developed supcacven. the state will actively assume the commitment promote the adoption petro, encouraging the growth its national and international user base. the national government committed stimulating strong endogenous demand that benefits the stability the crypto-asset's market value. the policies applied for the promotion petro will also aimed increasing the platform's attractiveness instrument for the development innovations and applications that contribute the growth and financial autonomy venezuela with projection other emerging economies based raw materials. among the initiatives are the following: the venezuelan state, through the superintendency cryptocurrencies, will take the necessary actions promote the exchange petro international cryptocurrency trading houses, with special emphasis those that operate legally emerging countries and allied nations. the use petro will promoted pdvsa and other public and joint ventures, well national public entities and regional and local governments. the payment extraordinary labor commitments and benefits petro will encouraged, well accumulated social benefits, provided they have the expressed individual approval the benefitted worker. total one hundred million (,,) petro will issued, from which eighty-two thousand four hundred million (,,) will offered the market two stages: private pre-sale and public initial offer, and will distributed according the following graph: cryptoasset distribution will available for the initial public offering the cryptoasset. will available for private sale will retained the venezuelan superintendency currency and related activities (supcacven) the funds raised the initial issue will allow the continuous technological development petro and its ecosystem order promote its massive adoption. the use the funds will auditable thanks the transparency smart contracts the blockchain. the distribution the funds raised the initial offer will shown the graph below: initial offer funds distribution fund's distribution technological development ecosystem development sovereign fund petro project petro project: funds earmarked for technological development and promotional efforts comply with the announced roadmap. ecosystem development: fund for the promotion applications within the petro ecosystem, which will proposed through supcacven and selected petro holders voting through the blockchains. technological development: funds earmarked for investments technology, infrastructure, special areas and projects that contribute the country's economic advancement, with special emphasis applications the blockchains improve productivity and transparency companies and state agencies. sovereign fund: destined the republic for the support given the use petro. basic conditions total emission: pre sell tokens available: reference selling price: usd start date and time: february a.m. (venezuela time, gmt). closure date and time: march p.m. (venezuela time, gmt). initial offer total petro available for sale: reference selling price: usd start date and time: march a.m. (venezuela time, gmt) closure date and time: until the petros the first emission are exhausted price the venezuelan basket barrel the second week january subject change according market fluctuations. apply discounts. apply discounts well. previously explained, the erc token will pre-mined intelligent ethereum contract. the beginning the pre-sale process, the entire issue will the digital portfolios the republic. the starting day the pre-sale, a.m. (time venezuela, utc), will placed for sale the total thirty-eight million four hundred thousand (,,) tokens. during the process, degressive discounts will applied stimulate early investment. prior the initial offer, the million (,,) cryptoassets the issue will pre-mined the petro blocks chain. the petro erc token will have petro from its own blockchain reserved exchanged when decided its holders. the remaining petro's, including those not assigned the pre-sale, will placed sale open the public and will remain available until its existence exhausted. this initial offer, whose closing depends the total sale the petro created, guarantees the venezuelan state the total collection funds corresponding the sale all petro available for sale (,, ptr). during the initial offer, four levels degressive discount will applied for every five million (,,) petro until completing and finally fifth block twenty-four million (,,) petro complete the total destined for the initial offer process, that is, forty-four million (,,) petro. incentive system has been designed for investors who purchase petro private sale basis. the scheme intended stimulate early participation the pre-sale generate trust that will produce favorable effect the market during the initial offer. the plan quite simple and involves degressive scales discounts (dv from the initial lot. this first lot, which will placed the pre-sale, will have volume petro and will have discount the reference price crude oil the venezuelan basket. the following lots will have petro and the discount will decrease successively for each lot sold, until the last lot, petro, which will have discount. petro will purchased the following ways: exchanging petro erc tokens purchased the pre-sale the initial offer open the participation the general public the secondary market once the initial offer process completed the purchase and exchange petro can made from person person, from portfolio portfolio, secure manner. beyond the scope blockades arbitrary limitations third parties -unless the possession centralized entity, such trading house. this ability the petro blockchain execute direct exchange operations will allow the instrument used means direct payment businesses, restaurants, goods and services companies. however, should noted that digital exchange houses will play fundamental role monitoring the prevention illicit activities and combating money laundering, thus constituting the ideal means for commercial, industrial and business activities international trade which petro interacts with fiduciary coins other cryptoassets cryptocurrencies.