platform for hybrid investments light paper at, not promising. with bond returns holding zero even negative value and the stock market carrying positive growth rate for nearly decade, seems unlikely that the industry will able sustain such trends. background and landscape the global wealth management industry has been thriving thanks high returns generated from the twentyyear bond rallies and from the returns the american equity indices and emerging markets. this favourable scenario combined with the poor financial knowledge customers has allowed the industry generate and maintain inefficiencies and high costs the distribution and management financial products. the future the financial market and the rate which is, and has been operating with returns predicted low, becomes apparent that the industry will not able cover the high costs from the inefficiencies. additionally, pressures are increased from emerging fintech companies, such the robo advisors, which are gaining market share especially the united states. the main critical issues that need addressed are listed below: high costs mainly due out-dated and labour intensive operating models. sale captive products without real competition between asset managers. limited access multiple investment opportunities, resulting poor results for the client. why platform for hybrid investments? diaman partners ltd intends create the first platform for hybrid investment (phi), which allows investments all asset classes and investment vehicles including crypto assets. the phi (platform for hybrid investment) will provide clients with fully digitized platform which manage all savings and investments, together with human wealth managers play fundamental role identifying the real needs clients and assist managing their emotions avoid classic behavioural finance investing mistakes and/ poor decision making. the platform will hybrid platform for hybrid investments, other words, digital process management with seasoned professional wealth managers for client interaction. the digital platform project for more than year with some modules already implemented: the mifid compliance risk assessment questionnaire, the financial planning module and quantitative engine management models, some which with real track record years history. the phi platform will solve the critical problems the wealth management industry due the following reasons: phi will reduce the commercial supply chains via digitalization and lower the costs providing investment services. will enable you invest multiple investment vehicles, including crypto assets, which represent fantastic investment opportunity. will create comparison between asset managers and wealth managers stimulating competition and therefore obtaining better returns for the customer. combining the principles emerging from the crypto world, such digitalization processes, sharing, innovation and competition. phi token diaman partners intends share the project with the crypto community issuing phi token with the aim financing the project. the aim ensure that those who believe the project, (and those who work it), will share its' success. there are five good reasons that can define the phi token amazing project: the parent company diaman scf has year successful business quantitative financial advisory company for institutional and has been working copyright (c) diaman partners. all rights reserved. the platform for hybrid investment allow the clients invest crypto related products but isn't depending the future the crypto world and can survive also the unfortunate hypothesis that this business will disappear. the platform valorise the humans involved the process investment decision, goals definition and also correct the behaviours the clients during bear markets. the phi token allow the normal person use free version software usually reserved for institutional clients. the creation and use phi token allow the company reduce the cost the financial distribution without reduce the quality the services. closed pre sales amount phi token(tm) pre-sales pre ico start date march amount phi token pre-ico eth minimum amount pre-ico duration pre ico until march discount price phi token(tm) tge overview option for early termination phi token ico start date the second phase pre-ico which will allow you buy maximum tokens with discount, will start march cet; the ico will carried out maximum tokens, and will take place march cet. march amount phi token ico duration ico until march upon reaching tokens (hard cap) phi token reserved for airdrop after month phi token reserved for management team minimum amount ico pre-sale was closed only thirteen days for number tokens; yes possibility reservation contract pre-ico option for early termination the token generation event (tge) will three phases: yes, upon reserving tokens total number phi token issued adjustable distribution further tokens issues secured method for tokens purchase mincap token distribution supported token generation event (activation date) minimum unsold unallocated tokens will destroyed no, single token issue within the ico only eth million usd, all funds will returned later than april april *all the dates and discount percentage are subject modify this tokens instead fiat currency. the company has deposited patent increase the relation between the phi token and the results the business. phi token rewards the phi tokens have three preparatory features increase the value phi tokens over time: phi tokens buy back and burn rewards: the performance fees generated the platform and the annual tax refund obtained from the payment taxes malta (corresponding the company's ebidta) will used purchase phi tokens exchanges and will withdrawn, create scarcity effect that will produce continuous growth over time. the project and its features are explained better the full white paper, this extract. phi tokens stake: whoever wants use components the platform, such asset managers and financial planners, must own and immobilize the phi tokens; phi tokens payment: the hybrid investment platform and the developed financial software will accept payments phi tokens offering cashback, thus encouraging people pay with copyright (c) diaman partners. all rights reserved. this document without any legal value, only for quick valuation the project, please read the full white paper understand all the risk related the purchase crypto assets. www.phitoken.io