abstract offer new currency that will help users pay for flexiroam services that enables people avoid the high cost roaming and offers the ease stay connected all around the world. our coin makes use the newest technological novelties the blockchain technology with the aim maintaining stable and durable currency. phon offer context the last decade the world has witnessed stunning advance alternative finance that ensued the introduction cryptocurrency and the innovative technology that underpins it. the fast pace with which this technology advancing must not seen isolation precedent events the financial markets. the great recession that broke out decade ago was just the trigger that uncovered the ugly side the mainstream financial markets. the central banks everywhere the world have once again proven their allegiance the reckless banks they pumped trillions dollars the same banks, which were speculating with our money. that event, like many other before, has just shown the vulnerability the mainstream finance and the centralized currency systems. the aftermath the great recession, many bright minds came with genuine projects and initiatives circumvent the current corrupt system. the cryptocurrency project one the major alternatives and has great potential compete with the centralized monetary system. the technology that underpins the cryptocurrency, the blockchain technology, very much promising applied different domains finance. the greatest merit this technology that guarantees quasi-perfect solution security and privacy issues, that all decentralized system that hinders anyone get control over our privacy and finances. however, this newborn technology still its beginning phase but the meanwhile undergoes constant evolution, which makes improve daily basis. that constant improvement attribute the decentralized charachtesitics this novelty. think for example the problems that arise with coins mining. mining coins has shown how the cryptocurrencies that used this protocol are vulnerable benefit people with means and contradicts with the very philosophy the cryptocurrency, i.e., decentralization finance and money. fortunately, developers around the globe just realized the dangers such protocol and came with solutions that brought the cryptocurrency back what meant be. phone coin family believe the blockchain technology and will remain devoted the core principles this project. therefore offer our coin that makes use the most advances this technology and offer services that make communication easier matter how far you are from your home country. our coin makes possible for you avoid the high cost roaming when travelling while maintaining high standards data protection and privacy. this paper, give you overview our project. philosophy throughout the history the mankind, technology and new inventions made our lives better. improved our health and increased our life expectancy while living much more comfortably. one the most technologies that made our lives more comfortable the communication technology. indeed made the world little village. however, some the challenges that are confronting with today are security and privacy issues. our communications are the targets the big multinationals that consider our private data commodity and use reap profits. are aware these concerns and care very much about privacy. believe that the blockchain revolution can provide with solutions circumvent this challenge. believe the principles that form the core philosophy the blockchain technology, i.e., democracy, decentralized power and respect for privacy. will remain devoted these principles doing our project while offering you the best services that make life just easier. our product communication while traveling very costly. telecom operators use this opportunity charge their clients excessive extra fees when. one can avoid that each time buy new sim-card the country destination. the more you travel, the more often you need repeat that. some countries, also not that easy obtain sim-card. then, sometimes you have fill forms and show your plus other unnecessary nonsense. happily there solution, with flexiroam chip card you can avoid all that unease and use the chip quite everywhere the world once you have charged it. here the point where jump in. with our coin, you can recharge your roaming credit able enjoy the freedom communicating with friend, family colleague all around the world. like that you are assured make fast transfer and roam minutes after while not worrying about your privacy and data. our coin not only mean for making transfers, but also offers you opportunity invest currency and enjoy the benefits its appreciation. you can also participate our project validator and gain money for doing so. the next sections, give you more information about the specifications our currency. flexiroam, what and does work? flexiroam thin microchip that sticks your sim-card. once you have got stuck your sim-card, download the app, which available both google play and apple store. the app shows your credit and tracks your data consumption. also used top up. this means that once you have the flexiroam chip attached your sim-card, you don't need remove away change again. the only thing you need top via your app. this indeed revolutionary product that will turn roaming upside down. more new sim cards each time you are abroad nor extracharges for roaming. with this service, you have the freedom stay connected wherever you are. with phonecoin, target retailers. act junction between the supplier and the retailers. that, try give the retailers the best offers but only accept payments our currency. retailers can buy starter packs from for competitive prices will heavily investing stocks benefit from the discounts. great part the discount will the benefits the retailers. does not stop there. each time the final client tops the purchased card, the retailer will rewarded with commission dollars phonecoins for further purchases the starter packs. proof stake responsible developers and believers the principles cryptosphere, try our best comply with these principles and aim high contributing the advance this technology order attain the highest decentralization and democratization finance while vastly respecting the privacy our clients. therefore opt for proof stake (pos) instead proof work (pow). people flocked invest cryptocurrencies, one issue appeared contradiction. namely, the increased mining activity required more investment computing capacity, which resulted more inequity, power concentration and yes pollution. that indeed contradiction and that's why opt for the pos protocol very much care about equity, power decentralization and environment. that's why opt for pos gives the opportunity for wider participation and more equity without damaging our planet. proof stake and inflation another reason for opt for pos that makes the coin more immune for inflation and fluctuations. pos rewards validators not only according the volume their stakes but also the timespan during which they hold the stakes. the longer one holds the stakes, the higher the rewards. that works cap for inflation. indeed inflation occurs when currency sell-off exceeds the demand. with pos, people who have stakes validators are the very ones who hold big amounts the currency. they are incentivized invest durably, stake holders are less keen sell-off their holdings, which make the coin more stable and more reliable. masternodes benefits masternode simply cryptocurrency full node computer wallet that keeps the full copy the blockchain real-time, just like your have bitcoin full nodes and always running. masternodes are very useful for crypto investors because running masternode you are incentivized. consider just like earning daily weekly interest your crypto holdings. reward plan reward staking masternode tier masternode tier masternode tier reward block reward collateral pre-mine and funds allocation although make use pos but the beginning phase will pre-mining reward the participants who make this project real. for any project like ours, inevitable use pre-mining. however, once have done with initiating our currency, once the developers are rewarded, will permanently switch pos. the pre-mining scheme following: funds premine phc sale marketing development listing marketing team operational investors stanby stanby road map order give you overview over our plans, see below our planning step step. july august september october *prepare project *launch wallet *exchange listing *meet *exchange cooperation listing *statistic listing agreement flexi *manual *prepare online roam distribution shop *dropshipper management *coin market cap *app wallet november december *exchange *release smart listing phone *statistic listing *phone stockists management *meetup phone manufacture conclusion offer currency that specializes communication and makes easier for people communicate all around the world. work with flexiroam, which offers microchip cards which helps you avoid the excessive roaming costs once travelling. you can use our coin pay for the services flexiroam without worrying about your privacy and data. our coin not means for payment also asset invest safely. make use pos protocol maintain avoid currency fluctuations and guarantee wider and more equitable participation for investors.