whitepaper february nd, note: phore blockchain reserves the right update this whitepaper any time. please visit the phore blockchain website (https://phore.io) for the most up-to-date version this whitepaper. table contents guiding principles phore blockchain ecosystem and vision history and accomplishments kryptkoin origin coin swap proof stake masternodes zerocoin protocol (zphr) phore blockchain community phore blockchain marketplace development blockchain technologies services masternode governance charitable donations current phore blockchain cryptocurrency statistics how phore blockchain different? phore blockchain roadmap milestones blockchain technology web wallet and android wallet release wallet and core upgrades masternode setup automation phore blockchain budget governance website phore blockchain marketplace launch phore blockchain developer team expansion continued team recruitment milestones page segregated witness (segwit) activation ios mobile wallet app creation the phore foundation milestones smart contracts atomic swap implementation decentralized crowdfunding click and collect marketplace vendor pilot programme. location tbc milestones smart contract implementation mobile app development vr/ar marketplace enhancement beta testing click and collect incorporation into marketplace phore labs investment goals phore blockchain core team join the phore blockchain community page guiding principles phore blockchain ecosystem and vision succeed today's burgeoning blockchain ecosystem, relying onedimensional approach success longer viable long-term option. the market saturated with coins that aim accomplish little more than being medium exchange with one two additional features. short new, innovative technology, there little potential displace the large, legacy coins that have assumed some the highest market capitalizations. nor necessary. the vision phore blockchain provide platform that facilitates decentralized commerce that free use and sustainable nature. this vision reaches beyond the core blockchain include applications and ventures built top the platform. oak tree good conceptual model: phore blockchain grounded sound technology, our legacy and the roots our platform; system self-governance the shape independent network masternodes forms our trunk and provides stability; and the breadth projects designed top our platform, both realized and imagined, the crown the tree. phore blockchain thus encompasses all facets the ecosystem are creating, with phore coin (phr) representing but one branch the phore blockchain tree. the phore blockchain will accord numerous capabilities, including but not limited to: atomic swaps and side-chains, fast, scalable, secure, and reliable transactions, options for both private and transparent transactions, page rewards for participation the phore blockchain network similar interest payments, decentralized marketplace, advanced and flexible smart contract platform for building decentralized applications (dapps) that can used conjunction with private transactions, enabling new decentralized, privacy-enabled business models that keep you control your money and your personal information, initial coin offerings the phore blockchain platform, crowdfunding fundraisers, custom blockchain creation and services, continued expansion and improvement both the phore protocol and phore blockchain general, widespread accessibility and ease use. developments designed bolster the phore blockchain ecosystem are already underway (see roadmap and milestone sections). put simply, phore blockchain will ecosystem that continuously improve the technology behind phr, creates new and innovative applications, hosts decentralized marketplace, provides opportunities for crowdfunding, and offers blockchain-related services third parties, both public and private. the utility phr, which touches all aspects the ecosystem, will thus manifold. our vision for phore blockchain one global adoption. help re-envision the world. page the phore blockchain ecosystem accessibility and ease use are essential elements our vision. phore blockchain for everyone, not just those with advanced technical skills. phr will easy acquire and exchange for goods and services globally, with the page ability provide smooth and intuitive user experience for people around the world. the development phore coin, phr, was only the beginning our journey. our flagship product our fully decentralized marketplace. users may buy and sell goods with phr and have the option conducting private transactions they choose. will continue support and develop ecosystem phore blockchain applications and businesses built both the phore blockchain core team and the phore blockchain community. phore blockchain intends driver behind the global expansion the blockchain revolution. phore blockchain will provide robust, secure, private, and completely decentralized network underpinned the phore cryptocurrency, phr. will consist thriving ecosystem privacy-enabled decentralized applications and marketplace that will provide real world applications enable private commerce and new privacy-enabled business models. permissions will required utilize phr its applications there centralized authority behind them. applications and improvements the phore blockchain core code will made the phore blockchain community. phore money your terms. perhaps, most important our development and success our thriving and expanding community. phr structured governed the community transparently. the development team growing constantly through both outreach and active recruiting the core team well proactive ideas, contributions and offers help coming from the phore blockchain community. are proud the large and growing following phore blockchain has gathered date including more than followers twitter and over members our discord and telegram groups. are fostering friendly and engaging environment where participation and contribution everyone the community encouraged. phore (phr) page the technological advancements over the last century have created enormous wealth and opportunity unlike any other period history. humanity currently watershed; paradigm shift that will recreate how communicate, transact, pay for goods and services, and innumerable other applications due the adoption blockchain technology. although there are tremendous benefits these new technologies, they may also come cost. collection, tracking, analyzing, and utilization personal data has become much easier task for private and public entities alike. corporations and governments collect our personal data for myriad reasons, but the result the same: loss individual privacy. one may think "if have done nothing wrong, have nothing hide" however this sort thinking fails grasp the extraordinary impact our collected data can have us. this information can utilized for targeted advertising, censorship, boycotts, and retribution for holding views contrary the status quo, name few. indeed, can see from recent history that: social media has been utilized demonetize content, reject advertisements, ban users who hold contrarian views those the media platform. large crowdfunding sites have been accused political bias, reportedly rejecting removing fundraising campaigns when they are for causes considered unacceptable under the guise "not meeting community standards". personal information including purchasing habits are used corporations and governments for purposes ranging from advertising censorship and boycotts, and often have been subject massive cybersecurity breaches and theft, partially because much personal information one centralized location. page more conventional cryptocurrencies like bitcoin not offer sufficient protection one's identity and information all transactions are observable and traceable any determined investigator. those who value their privacy are not protected satisfactorily and are thus vulnerable exposure. improved privacyoriented cryptocurrency one solution this problem which phore (phr) viable candidate. phore blockchain's currency the crux its ecosystem. individuals are free exchange amongst themselves, nearly instantly, with the choice anonymous public transactions. furthermore, they not risk having their coins confiscated legal entity. the benefit using means exchange outside fiat currencies like the united states federal reserve note (u.s. dollar) the british pound that individuals are not subject arbitrary and often adverse effects monetary policy. phore blockchain has established distribution its coin and changes its protocol involve decisions made democratic governance those who have stake its development. individuals may make future decisions with confidence the integrity this system. expansion and contraction the supply phr occurs only such governance. this will result predictable and stable medium exchange. one does not need look further than the recent monetary history the united states the european union see the devastating effects arbitrary and capricious central bank monetary planning. during the great depression, the united states government outlawed the private possession gold bullion and required citizens sell their gold (apart from jewelry, collector coins, and the like) the government what ended being for less than what was worth. more recently, the bank cyprus agreed billion euro ($. billion) rescue package with the imf, that included depositors losing their savings exceeding euros ($,). page russia began seizing about billion per year its citizens' private pension retirement contributions finance government spending/debt. poland billion), hungary billion), portugal ($. billion), bulgaria, and argentina billion) made similar moves the six years prior that. many estimates, the dollar has lost over its purchasing power over the last years. john maynard keynes attributed this largely the current system interventionist economic policies that have eroded the value currencies worldwide, stating that "[by] continuing process inflation, governments can confiscate, secretly and unobserved, important part the wealth their citizens. this method, they not only confiscate, but they confiscate arbitrarily; and, while the process impoverishes many, actually enriches some." believe empowerment the individual, and communities. believe the right free speech, and the freedom conduct commerce core component that right. this can take many forms, whether the freedom contribute cause, buy and sell products and services, raise money through crowdfunding, run business that has value your customers. using blockchain and related decentralized technologies, want phore blockchain help individuals and communities take back that power, achieve their goals more efficiently, with greater independence and without the compromises needing give data being subject the control corporations and other centralized groups. "what has government done our money?" murray rothbard, ludvig von mises institute, sept th, "the economic consequences the peace" john maynard keynes, serenity publishers, llc (february page history and accomplishments phore blockchain has already come long way since the project kicked off september including formation the core team, the launch the phore cryptocurrency, and significant work towards our initial milestones. kryptkoin origin phore (phr) digital privacy cryptocurrency, update and rebrand kryptkoin (ktk) which was pre-announced may and whose distribution started may st, there was pre-mine for kryptkoin. was distributed equally people who qualified for stake. total, stakes were distributed stages. bonus ktk was given those who held for days. there was ico, and developer pre-mine. the developer, phroshi, received stake, the same every other stakeholder. following launch, kryptkoin quickly developed large and faithful following and introduced online marketplace which included paypal integration, where digital items such wordpress themes were bought and sold. page here link short promotional video for the ktk market published aug th, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sjfucjbio coin swap accommodate new features and accelerate the phore blockchain vision, the existing code needed completely rewritten. this was accomplished with coin swap from kryptkoin the new phore blockchain. the initial phore blockchain code base was created from fork the pivx project, which turn was forked from dash, all which have roots going back bitcoin core code. two-month window was announced and advertised cryptocurrency forums and social media for existing ktk holders swap their coins for new phr page basis. well over half the existing ktk was swapped for phr through this process. this window closed november th, and result unclaimed coins, over million phr were destroyed, reducing the total supply just over million. proof stake unlike bitcoin, which uses proof work (pow) and mining the primary mechanism around building their blockchain and achieving consensus, the phore blockchain core blockchain based proof stake (pos). proof stake bases rewards based how much stake each participant has the phore blockchain network, and for their participation validating and processing phore blockchain transactions and blocks. this alternative method achieving distributed blockchain consensus offers number advantages over pow consensus algorithms: uses vastly less computing power and electricity secure the blockchain. there are estimates that ethereum and bitcoin pow mining burns over million electricity and related costs per month. pos much more sustainable and environmentally friendly comparison. there less need issue new coins provide incentives participate the blockchain process, leading less need inflate the currency. phore blockchain transaction fees are tiny compared bitcoin fees and for similar reasons since there further need incentivize miner process them. furthermore, the transaction fees are burned they are page used, reducing the total supply phr offset some the increase supply from pos rewards. transactional use increases, possible there could even negative net issuance coins. pos allows for greater decentralization, since phore blockchain node can operate very inexpensively. there need for large centralized mining farm you see forming with many pow coins. this greater decentralization makes more difficult for centralized coordinating groups nodes form and discourages any groups that form from harming the phore blockchain network. these and other benefits pos provide phore blockchain with secure foundation. nodes the blockchain network have holders phr order participate blockchain mining, and they have natural incentive protect and enhance the value phr. anyone with phore blockchain wallet can keep online with staking enabled help process and confirm phr transactions and build the blockchain. return for providing this service and securing the phore blockchain network, stakers may receive portion the block rewards, that this writing are phr awarded for each block, which targeted occur every seconds. the likelihood being chosen mine block and receive the associated staking rewards are based the number phr being staked each phone blockchain node. order assist users setting their wallets for staking, the phore blockchain community and advisors have developed detailed staking guide. additional support can also found the phone blockchain discord group. page masternodes phore blockchain has also implemented masternodes, which are enhanced nodes that provide additional services and security the phore blockchain network. two the current services provided masternodes are processing zerocoin (zphr) private transactions (see zerocoin protocol below) and handling the phore blockchain budget governance process (see masternode governance below). additional services may added the future phore blockchain's feature set expands. anyone with phr can set and operate phore blockchain masternode, which online and helps provide additional security, reliability, and performance the blockchain. given their large stake phore blockchain, masternode owners have even larger incentive maintain the integrity and security the blockchain, and help guide the growth and value phr over time. establish masternode, phr locked collateral transaction performed the owner's phore blockchain wallet and paired with the masternode. masternode can set run virtual private server (vps) the cloud, home pc, raspberry pi. phore blockchain masternodes support ipv and multiple masternodes can run properly sized ipv enabled vps. masternodes can also set run using tor/onion routers for additional privacy. page once the masternode functioning, will operate even the wallet containing the phr offline, potentially even cold storage, providing additional security the masternode owner. masternode tab from phore wallet the masternode owner ever wishes stop operating their masternode, they can unlock their coins and terminate its function any time. like stakers, masternode owners receive portion the block rewards which this writing phr per block. for masternode owner, passive stream income thus created. this writing there are about active masternodes operating the phore blockchain network. this equates about million phore) locked masternode collateral, decreasing the circulating supply from million million phore. the return investment for masternode owner based these conditions currently about phore per month, which equates about annualized return. these numbers will change masternodes are either added removed from the phore blockchain network and block rewards decrease gradually over time specified block intervals. the phore blockchain team has developed detailed guide for masternode setup, and both the team and community are available provide support the discord group for those less technically inclined. page zerocoin protocol (zphr) bitcoin transaction recorded the blockchain ledger and visible for anyone see. the sender's address, receiver's address, transaction amount, and any other details conditions associated with the transaction are all public. while this great feature for maintaining accurate account balances, and preventing double spending the same coins, reveals lot information about the sender and receiver the transaction. analytics blockchain data can use this information guess which addresses belong the same wallet. pieces information like this can analyzed for patterns other data (e.g., deposits from multiple addresses single deposit address exchange, transactions recorded with their associated address) that help associate different addresses and may reveal the identity the owner. the government and private companies have described similar techniques they use identify the owner "anonymous" cell phone number based when and who they call, and other metadata available from cell carrier records. believe every individual may want least some their transactions kept private. you are paid with cryptocurrency, you may not want your paycheck recorded publicly forever. you may simply not want any your own personal data aggregated and analyzed have your purchasing patterns gathered and sold corporations without your knowledge consent. phore blockchain uses customized version the zerocoin protocol called zphr provide private transactions. zerocoin has been thoroughly reviewed the page academic community and you can review the original zerocoin whitepaper published the johns hopkins university department computer science zphr coin mixing technology that converts ("mints") phr into zphr and adds the person's phr accumulator pool zphr the blockchain. zero knowledge proofs are used between the user and phore blockchain masternode verify the transaction, without revealing recording the link between sender and receiver the blockchain. the interaction between phore blockchain masternodes and users make use rsa- encryption challenge keys that you not need developer trusted setup achieve this. result, one knows all the information they would need reveal the identity the person using zphr transaction from start finish. the zphr protocol performs this anonymization service efficiently, with zphr minting taking little half second, and spending zphr taking little seconds. also provides flexibility choose your own level security--you can specify having the phore network mix your coins with all previously minted zphr and those minted for blocks beyond yours, all the way stating that should mix your coins with every other zphr from the beginning the end the phore blockchain. masternodes provide the zphr minting service and interact with the zphr accumulators the phore blockchain issue credits and debits zphr are minted and spent. https://isi.jhu.edu/~mgreen/zerocoinoakland.pdf page people who own phr can use their phore blockchain wallet mint their phr into zphr coins, for small transaction fee phr per minted zphr coin), variety standardized denominations ranging from phr. the transaction fee for minting zphr higher than normal transaction, because computationally intensive action and therefore needs mechanism prevent spam/freeriding from overwhelming the phore blockchain network. like other transaction fees, the zphr fees are burned, reducing the total supply phr. users can later choose convert their zphr back into phr, sending them one their own wallet addresses, spend them any other phr address, and spending zphr has transaction fee. while they are held, zphr are stored the user's wallet like secure vouchers for phr that can redeemed anonymously. another interesting benefit storing your phr zphr that the page blockchain, the associated phone blockchain addresses will longer associate the phr stored zphr accumulators with the holder's address(s). someone was concerned about being targeted hackers, because they have high balance their account, using zphr will mask their true balance, creating the ability hold "stealth" value that cannot easily traced back the user's wallet. believe zerocoin one the best available methods provide flexible, optional, secure private cryptocurrency transactions. phore blockchain community the phore blockchain community the heart the project. since its inception, individuals the phore blockchain community have not only shared their ideas and aspirations for this project, they also guided the direction the project. the community started with small group early adopters who met the original slack channel. since the project did not have ico pre-mine these early investors chose spread word the project through their own time, effort, and personal funds. these efforts were initially spent posting various forums and social media outlets. the goal these efforts was aimed primarily creating large and vibrant community. these initial efforts were quite successful. more and more interested investors quickly joined the community, which eventually moved using the discord app based the community's request. several large twitter promoters quickly recognized the value phore blockchain and helped spread word their page followers. however, the most reported reason for people choosing invest phore blockchain was the community itself. the community very active, and there almost always team member available the discord provide support, direct community members where they can find information they seek. furthermore, there very positive tone our community. people are friendly, non-judgmental and eager support each other. the early individual efforts spread word phore blockchain was quite successful shoestring budget. hundreds followers were noted twitter, discord, and the telegram channel. december the governance model came into play, which provided development funds based proposals submitted the team and/or community. the initial budget focused increasing project development and further spreading the word phore blockchain the world. these funds were used increase awareness through social media campaigns. these appeared quite successful, given that currently have members telegram, members discord, and followers twitter. line with the masternode budget governance process, phore blockchain directed the community. actively engage with the community every stage share our ideas and designs, gather feedback and listen and understand what the phore blockchain community wants. always want engaged, transparent and responsive the needs the community and evolve our shared vision together move forward. page phore blockchain marketplace development since the successful launch the phore blockchain cryptocurrency, most the development effort the core team has been focused preparing the phore blockchain marketplace for its debut; scheduled live the end the initial code base for the phore blockchain marketplace was forked from openbazaar. this base provides the phore blockchain marketplace with solid foundation build and meshes well with the core phore blockchain philosophy decentralized applications. see below for more detail the marketplace functionality which will available during the initial launch. the development team has been working hard add the necessary features, user interface and other changes needed rapidly deliver fully featured marketplace, supporting private transactions based the phore blockchain cryptocurrency. parallel, the advisors and phore blockchain community have been identifying vendors that want part the initial beta and launch, providing some the first products and services available the marketplace. the phore blockchain marketplace fork the openbazaar protocol. all transactions between two parties including escrow system and moderation system are handled protocol level. this allows for completely decentralized and trustless system for exchanging goods. because all transactions take place protocol level, the marketplace itself un-censorable. however, search engines act centralized way finding new stores the phore blockchain marketplace. plan host one central search engine, and open-source the code, page allowing anyone run their own search engine with their own rules. each shop the phore blockchain marketplace has unique address which identifies the data stored. this hash-based, decentralized system for storing data fork the ipfs protocol. specifically, allows users store and access store data without the need for centralized server. any shop can accessed without search engine simply entering the url the shop. screenshot marketplace store item. the marketplace continuously being developed including the user-interface, the search engine and the connection with the phore blockchain network. openbeta will released early-mid while the final version will released later page blockchain technologies and services now offer customized blockchain technologies and services for both private and public entities. this will include, but not limited to, tailor-made blockchain protocols. are currently talks with our first client. masternode governance the funding and direction phore blockchain's funding governed those the phore blockchain community with the most stake enhancing phore blockchain's long term value--the masternode owners, who are each staking phr collateral for their masternode. the mechanism and process behind this governance built directly into the blockchain code. ten percent the blockchain rewards for phr are reserved for funding development proposals enhance the value phr. each budget cycle days, and anyone can submit development proposal for phr transaction fee that burned when the proposal submitted. the phore blockchain team has established forum https://forum.phore.io for people post, debate, and discuss the pros and cons each proposal. each the masternode owners can vote yes, no, abstain each the development proposals. for proposal approved, needs submitted least days before the end the budget cycle and get minimum the masternode population vote yes (or more offset any 'no' votes). proposals can submitted for onetime payment spanning multiple budget cycles for ongoing funding longer term projects. page json representation one the january phore budget proposals two days before the end the budget cycle, voting stops and the budget finalized. someone must submit another phr transaction fee trigger the finalization the budget, and then the masternodes will sort the ranked list proposals the yes/no vote ratio and allocate funds until the last proposal reached funds for the budget cycle run out. when the block that begins the next budget cycle (superblock) reached, the finalized budget paid out the addresses associated with each approved proposal. this system provides decentralized method determine how best allocate funds for phore blockchain's development ongoing basis. masternode owners decide who paid and how much (whether it's the core team not), and for which changes feature additions. unlike initial ico pre-mine, this funding method allows anyone with valuable and popular idea gain funding, provides recurring and long-term funding source and better ensures that the funds are used over time directly support the development phore blockchain. page charitable donations while it's easy get caught this fast paced, rapidly growing industry, it's also very important aware just how fortunate are. within the current crypto sphere, everyone blessed terms having some form access both electricity and the internet. however, such greed fueled space, need remember that there are people less fortunate who need help. here phore blockchain, intend this. although are relatively young project and have mass pool funds terms ico pre-mine, actively look give those who are less fortunate. far, have donated different charitable organizations: make wish foundation: charity fulfilling "wish" experiences for children with life-threatening medical conditions. children international: global non-profit organization that helps children break the cycle poverty. covenant house toronto: homeless shelter for the youth toronto offering services such education, counseling, health care and employment assistance. life for the world (haiti): organization which focuses supporting orphanages creating sustainable-living programs, providing life-skills and training orphans re-entering the world. american kidney fund: non-profit organization working behalf the million americans with kidney disease, providing support and resources. canadian mental health association: voluntary organization who provide nationwide services and support people experiencing mental illness and their families. these donations coincided with our community giveaway 'all want phore christmas'. our charitable nature also reflected phore blockchain team page members well, frequently matching donations their own accord. advances technology are made drive commerce and enhance quality life. phore blockchain committed making the world better place. current phore blockchain cryptocurrency statistics phore blockchain uses proof stake and masternodes secure the network and provide for deep level privacy and security. phore blockchain was designed have fast block times (one per minute) and low transaction fees compared bitcoin. total supply (as january th, ~,, phr circulating supply (as february rd, ~,, phr block time target: seconds transaction fee: for zphr minting, usually less than for other transactions transaction confirmations needed: for normal transactions, for masternode/staking rewards block maturity: proof stake (pos) reward: phr per block minimum stake age: hours page masternode reward: phr per block masternode collateral: phr number active masternodes (as february th, phore development fund block rewards, paid every days blocks) the block rewards adjust over time, the phore blockchain project matures control inflation phr supply over time, according the following schedule: date starting block ending block masternode reward staking reward development fund current current phr phr phr mar. th, phr phr phr sep th, phr phr phr sep th, none phr phr phr how phore blockchain different? phore blockchain has incorporated features differentiate from other coins such particl, monero, zcash, dash and pivx. for quick breakdown what makes phore blockchain stand out from the rest, please see the diagram below: page page phore blockchain roadmap phore blockchain has set out ambitious roadmap for that will transform the phore blockchain from already fully featured privacy cryptocurrency into powerful platform for developing and deploying private decentralized blockchain applications and solutions. will also open tremendous eventual opportunities for future expansion the phore blockchain ecosystem, using the architecture being put place now. the sections that follow outline the most important milestones intend deliver the team already has established track record meeting beating our milestones. discussion, debate, and design continues within the phore blockchain core development team and the phore blockchain community, will refine and update these plans. likely with their feedback will add other features and upgrades phore blockchain throughout the year. milestones blockchain technology integration phore blockchain into the marketplace the focus during this quarter. ongoing review and maintenance the core code will conducted. addition, initial testing and implementation the segregated witness ahead the full adoption that will occur the next quarter. page web wallet and android wallet release one part the phore blockchain vision make phr available many people possible, and easy use. that end, two new wallets will introduced the android wallet will mobile wallet available for download from the google play store and provide secure and speedy mobile connection with the blockchain. also plan incorporate two-factor authentication (fa) into this wallet, well the full phore blockchain desktop wallet provide users with additional layer security protect their phr. the web wallet will provide platform for online hosted phore blockchain wallets, which will allow more convenient option for people store phr without having run full phore blockchain wallet laptop mobile device. page screenshot early version the new wallet wallet and core upgrades the phore blockchain core development team will continually maintaining and updating the project's code ensure that the currency and wallets are safe and secure. this will continue throughout during will also making updates support future party wallet integrations, with support for hardware wallet integrations coming later the year. masternode setup automation while phore blockchain has provided excellent guide and technical support users wanting set and run masternodes, recognize that the setup process could more automated than today. the phore blockchain team will developing enhanced automated and simpler method for setting masternodes. more information will forthcoming shortly. phore blockchain budget governance website will rolling out website that interacts with the blockchain transparently show the phore blockchain budget proposals, voting, and status the budget process. this will add transparency and ease use taking information that previously was viewed only through commands the debug console the wallet and displays for the phore blockchain community much more accessible and user-friendly way. page phore blockchain marketplace launch open-beta will released early-mid with the final version being launched towards the end phore blockchain developer team expansion achieve phore blockchain's ambitious vision for will adding experienced developers dedicated development the phore blockchain core technology and products and services, both part the phore blockchain core team well increased developer participation within the phore blockchain community. are already discussion with several talented developers about joining the phore blockchain team, and this will continue through part this expansion, will start paid internship program, which will help develop and attract the best blockchain graduates from universities around the world. continued team recruitment further specialists will recruited phore blockchain, focusing skills developing and implementing smart contracts, well micro-lending and investment expert for phore labs. page milestones segregated witness (segwit) activation segregated witness changes the format transactions the blockchain, separating the witness data (scriptsig and scriptpubkey) into separate from the rest the transaction data that covered the transaction (txid). without segregated witness, possible that the witness data could altered slightly node the network, one the signers could change their signature. the same amount coins would paid the same addresses, but the transaction would change. separating the witness data from the data that the txid hash covers, prevents the transaction from being malleable, and brings number benefits: writing wallet code simplified. one the most convenient ways for wallets track their spend transactions look the transaction id. when the txid can change, wallets need write extra code deal with that possibility. spending outputs from unconfirmed transactions becomes more reliable. transaction pays output, and transaction spends that output, possible that the witness data from the first transaction will change, altering the txid, and depending the sequence events could invalidate transaction segwit prevents this from happening. increased transaction throughput and scaling. phore already very fast and efficient transaction processing with second block time and maximum block size. segwit counts the witness data its actual size, page allowing more transactions included each block and increasing scalability and performance. solving the transaction malleability problem makes adding sidechains, similar the lightning network, become less complex write and more efficient their use blockchain data. smart contracts also become easier design, review, and monitor. these last two benefits are very important phore blockchain's vision. later will introducing phore blockchain smart contract platform, and are planning use sidechain part the smart contract blockchain architecture. segwit activation sets the stage for this new platform. ios mobile wallet app with more mainstream interest cryptocurrency, multiplying the day, important that phore blockchain introduces mobile wallet for the iphone and ipad, which facilitates use the large amount phr holders ios, bringing parity with android. the process for creating and distributing this through the apple store more complicated than google play, which why the release has been scheduled take longer. creation the phore blockchain foundation institute will set within phore blockchain develop long-term ecommerce solutions, investments, partnerships. its aim strengthen and sustain phore blockchain, allowing quickly react and pivot challenges the future. phore labs, part the phore foundation, will work incubator/seed investor, primarily identifying potentially cutting-edge digital services and products. these will sourced from individuals, universities, startups, and cooperatives around the world. page milestones smart contracts smart contracts will bring phore blockchain entirely new level capabilities. phore blockchain will longer just cryptocurrency--it will still have that it's foundation, however top that phore blockchain users will able write, compile, and execute complex decentralized applications (dapps) that will run entirely the blockchain, and fully integrated with the blockchain. some the simpler use cases have mind, phore smart contracts will allow the phore marketplace support much more flexible terms for things like escrow and other terms surrounding purchases, making the marketplace more secure and reducing the chances someone not fulfilling their part the transaction. while the marketplace will have arbitrator capability from the initial launch, smart contracts could potentially make arbitrators obsolete and unnecessary. similarly, for crowdfunding, smart contract can written for the crowdfunding campaign that will programmatically control the collection and escrow funds collected, and either distribute them the successful campaign owner when the necessary level funding reached within the prescribed time frame, automatically refund the phr the contributors the necessary conditions are not met. page the phore smart contracts platform will much more powerful than this. more advanced use cases could include entirely new decentralized business models running the phore blockchain smart contracts blockchain. decentralized cryptocurrency exchange, trustless prediction markets, ride home sharing applications, countless other services ranging from tiny apps all the way complete businesses could take advantage the decentralization, advanced programmatic control, privacy features, security, performance, and resilience the phore blockchain architecture. the first major architectural upgrade will making support smart contracts will building support for sidechains. this provides number advantages over trying add smart contract functionality directly the phore blockchain main blockchain (mainchain). when satoshi nakamoto created bitcoin, realized that optimizing coin for one use case necessarily cuts off the ability optimize for different use case--making fast, private, and scalable currency blockchain looks very different and makes different tradeoff decisions compared very flexible and robust smart contracts blockchain. sidechains remove this limitation allowing phr coins traverse from the phore blockchain mainchain the phore smart contracts sidechain, and later come back the phore blockchain mainchain. doing this, each chain can optimized for its particular use case, without needing make compromises the other blockchain. also can help solve some the issues we've seen the early days smart contracts, including the dao and parity exploits that ethereum users dealt with page important note well that support for sidechains opens the ability for phore blockchain add other sidechains that are optimized for other use cases well; smart contracts will the first. phr will able move from the phore blockchain mainchain two-way pegged phore smart contracts sidechain fund smart contract transactions. the mainchain, will appear that the funds have been sent (deposited) special address that controlled the miners the phore smart contracts blockchain, from the phore mainchain standpoint will appear very much like normal phr transaction. few times year, withdrawals will allowed from the smart contracts sidechain back the phore blockchain mainchain, with long notice period and voting approve each withdrawal advance the withdrawal date. this infrequent withdrawal schedule allows plenty time for the miners the smart contracts blockchain examine what happening with each smart contract transaction, and disallow and deal with any attempts exploit the system before any real damage done. the only way exploit could succeed would for the majority miners the smart contracts blockchain want succeed. while such infrequent withdrawal schedule may appear very inconvenient someone who wants use smart contract and get their phr coins delivered quickly, the architecture are proposing deals with this using instant atomic swaps between the phore blockchain smart contracts sidechain and the phore blockchain mainchain--and this one the primary reasons are building support for atomic swaps into phore blockchain. will release more details the specific implementation phore blockchain sidechain support becomes available. for anyone who wants delve into the page technical details, most the enhancements will making are described the following references from the drivechain project and some the blockstream cofounders: https://blockstream.com/sidechains.pdf https://github.com/drivechain-project/docs/blob/master/bip-hashrate-escrow.md https://github.com/drivechain-project/docs/blob/master/bip-blind-merged-mining.md once have the ability use sidechains, will build the phore blockchain smart contracts blockchain the first phore blockchain sidechain. the phore blockchain smart contracts platform will allow phore blockchain users write smart contracts that include programming functions, state variables, and even external data part complex transaction. includes client interface that will provide smooth user experience set phore blockchain marketplace escrow transaction phore blockchain crowdfunding campaign and allow various actions taken while the transaction takes place (e.g., release funds seller, issue refund buyer). the first smart contracts created the phore blockchain smart contracts platform are likely those that directly enhance and secure the functionality the phore blockchain marketplace and crowdfunding applications. phore blockchain users will able write and compile their own smart contracts using high level languages enable other applications and business models. will building number core components support smart contract functionality, building from and enhancing existing smart contracts implementations, most which originated forks from ethereum. these components will include: page tools and interfaces such as: gui (wallet and/or browser) clients json rpc dapp frameworks compilers smart contract protocol that will support such things as: networking node discovery encrypted handshake and transport virtual machine container smart contracts blockchain (mining, contracts, transactions, accounts) decentralized storage decentralized messaging our focus will deliver solid minimum viable product (mvp) smart contract functionality for alpha and beta testing, gathering feedback every stage from the phore blockchain community about the specific features they want see the platform when launched. wherever possible will building additional privacy features, such leveraging zk-snarks zero knowledge proofs enable private smart contract processing, addition the integration will have with the privacy features already built the phr cryptocurrency. like sidechains, will develop more detailed technical white papers explain the phore blockchain implementation move forward. expect conducting alpha and beta testing, targeting official launch page atomic swap implementation phore blockchain will adding support for atomic swaps, initially one the core features needed for effective sidechain support for smart contracts. will also looking for ways support direct atomic swaps between phr and other leading cryptocurrencies way making phr more accessible and available. decentralized crowdfunding there have been many recent examples major crowdfunding websites shutting down campaigns and being accused political, other bias, choosing which projects can obtain funding their platforms. understand the reputational risk this sort issue poses centralized crowdfunding company. think this makes great argument for decentralized, private crowdfunding application that does not require company grant permission use their platform subject censorship based political other affiliations. believe this will huge benefit, not only projects needing funding, but also those who want support certain cause project without facing scrutiny based their contributions. phore blockchain crowdfunding will completely decentralized, backed the privacy phr cryptocurrency and will integrated directly into the phore blockchain marketplace. projects looking for funding will able add information describe their projects, the various options for contributions and publish them the phore blockchain marketplace. users can browse through crowdfunding campaigns and choose contribute they wish. they can utilize page the privacy features zphr they don't want anyone know the funding came from them, optionally sharing only the information needed send the product when ready, and only the campaign that needs it, not centralized source that could hacked otherwise leak the information others. since there centralized platform company involved, there will drastically lower fees involved phore blockchain crowdfunding campaign. click and collect marketplace vendor pilot programme. location tbc traditionally 'offline' vendors city, which currently under discussion, will take part month-long project, which allows buyers the vicinity place orders online through the marketplace, and collect their goods person later, their convenience. milestones smart contract implementation described the section the roadmap, will launching the phore blockchain smart contracts platform during this will include initial implementations several smart contracts that will directly enhance the options and user experience the phore blockchain marketplace and phore blockchain crowdfunding and will also open usage the smart contracts all phr users. page mobile app development refinement mobile apps for both ios and android. will looking expand the features and functionality available both mobile wallets take advantage more the advanced features the phore blockchain platform. vr/ar marketplace enhancement beta testing open community pilot programme parallel marketplace site with vr/ar enhancement for those with and without headsets, seeking the ultimate, immersive buying and selling experience. click and collect incorporation into marketplace incorporation full-service that was piloted quarter allowing local pickup physical goods, following purchase the online marketplace. expected that initial roll-out will cover cities, with more widespread coverage planned for phore labs investment digital products and services will receive investment. these investments will made the form phr, and participants will sell exclusively through the phore blockchain marketplace online for fixed minimum period before being allowed sell their product locally offline. the phore foundation will invest projects help them reach market and then reinvest profits from the sale these into further lab projects. page goals the phore blockchain team has lot ideas where phore would next and beyond, ranging from additional mobile capabilities, full launch vr/ar features, phore labs projects, partnerships with other projects, companies, and individuals, and even additional phore blockchain sidechains. however, the team knows from experience how valuable community feedback guide product's vision meet the needs said community. highly value that input and want stay agile and responsive and ready work the features that will most enhance the value phr. phore blockchain core team since our inception (late october have experienced rapid growth many areas, the team being one them. phore blockchain began rebrand ktk, with one lead developer; phroshi and total five advisors (the official title these were not merely advisory roles). being restless nature however, we've had expand upon this order match our ambitions. over the past three months so, our team has grown much that now boast over official members. this number will continue grow find people who feel will aid the progression phore blockchain. page current team roster co-ceo: anthony alleyne ubermaster (uk) thomas ambler sage (uk) cto: (anonymous) moonshot (us) full stack developer developers: (anonymous) phroshi (uk) founder julian meyer (us) core developer diogenes fernandes (brl) core developer jeroen blevi iced (nl) developer gui designer (anonymous) jacob (us) part time developer community development chief advisor shant kel khatcherian shanto (ca) page advisors: shunsuke kurita liray-unendlich (jpn) harrison fischberg (us) (anonymous) toby (ca) (anonymous) king (us) legal: (anonymous) willich (uk) (anonymous) margo (us) compliance: cindy cindo compliance manager (anonymous) bitcoin blues compliance advisor marketing: jennifer berg cryptopulsez (us) head marketing ramon freriks ramon (nl) senior marketer front end developer ilies graffion la_moquette (fr) graphics marius adam snatch (ger) social media paul bierhake milkyway (ger) social media page and partnerships pamela paige thepinkcrypto (us) head operations management: phillip ambler flipster (uk) head operations video content producer: zak robinson zak.r (uk) head video vendor relations: cryptojoe (us) research: keyser (us) community management: kori leon kori (fr) french community admin page jesse (us) further information regarding the team can found at: phore.io/team phore blockchain actively seeking hire more staff strengthen the team regular basis continues expand and evolve daily basis. join the phore blockchain community have already made tremendous progress launching the phore coin, phr, and building the community, and the response has been incredible. more people are joining and contributing our success every day. going very exciting year phore blockchain's development into one the best advanced, secure, and flexible privacy cryptocurrencies available, with strong ecosystem applications and services match. phore blockchain has ambitious roadmap achieve our vision, and welcome you join the community. you have ideas how make phore blockchain better, want hear them. want everyone contribute improving phore blockchain using the skills they have offer, whether it's development, user interface design, spreading the word about phore blockchain your youtube followers, debating the direction phore blockchain's roadmap, budget, and design decisions. page take back control your money. download the phore blockchain wallet from our website and drop the phore blockchain discord and join the community today. links official website phore.io discord https://discordapp.com/invite/aucncz bitcointalk https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=. bitscreener https://bitscreener.com/coins/phore slack https://phore-project.herokuapp.com twitter https://twitter.com/phorecrypto?lang=en page facebook https://www.facebook.com/phore-/ github https://github.com/phoreproject/phore block explorer https://chainz.cryptoid.info/phr/# third party masternode sharing service https://www.hostmns.net/phore-pool exchanges and metrics https://www.cryptopia.co.nz/exchange/?market=phr_btc https://coinsmarkets.com/trade-btc-phr.htm https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/phore/ https://www.coingecko.com/en/coins/phore#panel https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=. https://scrypto.io/s/mns-phore/ forum page https://forum.phore.io ama nov th, https://medium.com/@fishfishfish/phore-ama-ask-me-anything-on-novemberth--feccbeb facebook fan group https://m.facebook.com/groups// bitcointalk fan page https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=. telegram https://t.me/joinchat/fzldwzfcreemx_cbq crypto delver https://cryptodelver.com/coin/phore masternodes.online https://masternodes.online/currencies/phr/ masternodes pro https://masternodes.pro/stats/phr page (c) phore page