"the wallet everything" pillar personal data locker gray paper pillar gray paper david siegel biel, switzerland june version july pillar personal data locker gray paper pillarproject.io pillar personal data locker gray paper table contents table contents dedication summary problem solution: the personal data locker understanding consumer resistance two immutable laws solutions, not tools market the pillar wallet what the pillar wallet? integrations personal data locker services stack white-label wallets transition atomic ownership private key and password management the pillar token what does the pillar token do? the pillar token meta-token marketing partnerships governance execution plan team building architecture foundation: collaboration data conversion digital birth certificates data security financials use proceeds the planning fallacy budget beyond budgeting money management transparency pillar personal data locker gray paper about culture founders advisors customer council partners open source steering committee crowdsale token allocation token sale token trading summer event london office pillar personal data locker gray paper dedication this project owes its existence the many people who have been supportive the concepts the book pull the incredible team volunteers and justin poirier, who reminded let our passion guide us. please note that this document written the third person because many people contributed it. thanks all the contributors and reviewers. summary twenty thirty, blockchain innovation company headquartered zug, switzerland, ready embark one the most ambitious decentralized projects to-date: the personal data locker. here the key everything you're about read: wallets, browsers, and exchanges will soon merge create the dashboard for our digital lives. pillar platform powered its own native token that will finally fulfill the promise the personal data locker. eventually, believe this wallet will power most devices, including phones, tablets, wearables, cars, buildings, and more. this paper describes our project build open-source, multi-chain wallet that will provide new digital platform for consumers, companies, and governments. see the teaser video plan realize the project three phases: phase build the pillar multichain wallet and get integrated into many systems. want thousands software companies adopt our open-source wallet. phase build integrations (exchange, browser, e-commerce, escrow, messaging, etc.) that make easy build solutions. pillar personal data locker gray paper phase begin provide the service offerings that separate our wallet from other wallets and creates the personal data locker, leading personal assistant. continue offer both account-based and atomic versions (explained below). continue build out more features the ecosystem grows. help our oem customers transition from accounts atomic ownership. we're very open. are not only asking our supporters for money, we're also asking them join our journey. are grassroots community people working create this future. this document ends with call meet after the crowdsale and part our future. problem the world economy built institutions that hold clients' assets centrally: banks, telecoms, insurance companies, brokers, drug companies, governments, and more. every year, hackers steal more than billion and about trillion records from data centers. most cios believe are losing the war cybercrime even rely them for more important data like dna, prescriptions, life logs, travel driving history, criminal records, algo-trading, credit scores, shopping, browsing, reputation, etc. our data getting more and more concentrated the hands few large institutions. the buyers big data love getting much they can from single vendor, they can predict and monetize our behavior. companies like facebook, microsoft, att, linkedin, experian, and visa all exist monetize their users' data the european commission's fire study next generation internet recently concluded that ... internet should ensure citizens' sovereignty over their own data and protect privacy; internet should ensure diversity, pluralism and right choose; and internet should avoid the concentration data few proprietary platforms. personal data spaces was seen very important technology area for all the above top ranked values. pillar personal data locker gray paper this the problem the pillar project will address. want give people better, safer digital experience. have two main objectives: replace accounts with atomic ownership. all have dozens accounts. with accounts, you log and all your valuable data trapped inside the app the service. this presents huge concentration risk. it's easier get divorce than change banks stock brokers. switching from accounts wallets, each person owns his/her own assets and can switch between vendors freely. replace apps with services. apps our phones are miniature desktop apps. many have dozens logins for apps that don't talk each other. believe that the personal data locker will replace ios and android become the operating system for all your devices. these two changes will radically transform the way use data. consumers care? not much they should. but they are starting to, and governments are helping the and other jurisdictions adopt strict data privacy and portability standards the current paradigm will have change. the decentralization movement and technologies like blockchain will lead fundamental paradigm shift, putting people control their digital lives. pillar personal data locker gray paper solution: the personal data locker david siegel created the concept the personal data locker early and published book about there associated vision video, which you can see here: personal data locker vision today, have the technology make the personal data locker reality: blockchains. this world, you hold your assets your own secure wallet, making difficult and unprofitable attack. the pillar wallet our solution. will consumer product that looks very much like today's digital wallets, but just the very beginning the personal data locker. will transform the wallet experience from something you use occasionally trade currencies something you use most the time you about your day. believe that browsers and wallets will converge, and that combination just happens describe the personal data locker. the pillar wallet will let you manage everything you own, everything you have, everything you want, everything you consume, and everything you online. key terms atomic ownership private keys means that personal data, currencies, and assets are not held controlled any third party. only you have the keys this data. you lose your keys, your data value lost (there are several ways help consumers manage their keys safely). accounts involve logging and creating account with company you must trust back and safeguard your data, including credit-card info, passwords, etc.. your account compromised, you lose your data, identity, value. the ecosystem described david's book just starting. many groups will build pieces that incrementally fit together. having seen many such projects come and over the years, are well aware what takes succeed. but first ... pillar personal data locker gray paper understanding consumer resistance have been the personal-data space for many years. our biggest challenge isn't technical, it's consumer behavior. two immutable laws the following two graphs show why very little progress has been made over the past twenty years: contributors the world economic forum report, personal data: the emergence new asset class and part the identity community for many years, believe these are immutable laws that will not bend change for anyone. our biggest barrier that most people don't perceive any problem. solutions, not tools but that not the right way look it. have been trying give consumers tools, when should giving them solutions. now that understand how work with blockchains, cryptocurrencies, and tokens, can start give consumers much better experience. few ood indicators: pillar personal data locker gray paper the lykke wallet and exchange easy-to-use mobile app that looks like familiar trading app but keeps all customer assets the phone itself. the brave browser open-source browser, that will make easy spend tip for content you browse, eliminating middlemen. the token app mobile browser with global payments built in. sovrin blockchain-based, permissioned identity system with growing group developers. civic secure identity platform that will soon use its own tokens. u-port identity and reputation system you create yourself. the internet people open-source stack for managing identity and reputation. identity and reputation have been sticking points the adoption the personal data locker. blockchain technology changing that. there are many upcoming systems for preserving privacy and increasing scalability don't plan choose sides will incorporate anything that gets traction. know consumers don't want work with their own data, but that doesn't mean they don't want own it. they want own it, but they don't want the hassle managing it. they want software system that does for them: when they visit the doctor, they want the paperwork take care itself. when they drive their car (or their car drives them), they want the data their personal data locker, not the manufacturer's web site for another siloed log-in. when they have airplane ticket and their plans change, they want their locker extend their hotel reservation, sell their ticket and buy new one. people want their investment portfolio manage itself according their wishes, not deal with accounts, sales people, and limited selection. when looking for new job, they want jobs come them, rather than having send applications. the weather forecast can automatically tell their home building prepare for storm, without them having anything manually. pillar personal data locker gray paper people want their reputation, (kyc package), attestations, and history with them whenever they want use new service. it's easy, people want systems that give out only much information necessary complete transaction, not more. you can order things online and the stores don't even know your address, and you can say where the package should go, even you're the road. the system lets them own their own data and their software does the work for them, people will stop trusting big institutions it, because that will more hassle. it's all about the hassle factor. has hassle-free. need bring combination blockchain, ai, chatbots, and smart interfaces create easy-to-use solution. market with the personal data locker, are going after much larger market than the "native crypto market" people who want use smart contracts for everything. our markets are technology early adopters and cryptocurrency early majority. will start with early adopters and work our way toward the much larger early-majority segments later. customer acquisition will mix retail, partner, and oem strategies. with the open-source pillar wallet foundation, and with further data-protection and consumer-protection pillar personal data locker gray paper legislation certainty, plan flip the old paradigm control/push new world response/pull. aiming this product advanced consumers, aren't forgetting the corporate and white-label (oem) markets. will provide our wallet through many software companies, banks, wealth-management firms, and more. will easy integrate with their existing systems. pillar personal data locker gray paper the pillar wallet case you haven't seen used wallet, you can watch david's video tour the lykke wallet see one action. essence, wallet software that holds the private keys your assets sitting blockchain. you transact "signing" orders. the pillar wallet will hold keys and let you transact with many blockchains, and will eventually the control panel you use interact with the digital world. using wallet, there account. you hold the private keys your cryptocurrency (bitcoin, ether, etc.) and you use cryptocurrencies digital tokens "pay you go," for the service using micropayments. the service may never know who you are. this what the brave browser will do. this how people will pay for many services the future. you can think tokens tradable api keys. what the pillar wallet? there are many cryptocurrency wallets already. the pillar wallet will ... multi-chain: able see hundreds kinds tokens and coins. open source. not tied any one browser. not tied any one exchange you can choose your exchange. easy for software companies incorporate into their systems. both desktop and mobile. stand-alone and oem. the wallet comes two basic versions: account-based wallet that lets the user see his/her coins and tokens. this would similar what coinbase recently provided fidelity. wouldn't offer this wallet directly but through oem companies who want this wallet for compatibility with their account-based systems. pillar personal data locker gray paper atomic version that gives the user full control her assets. this similar the lykke wallet today but independent any exchange. the pillar wallet not exchange. token which has built-in exchange, excellent example how wallets, exchanges, and browsers are converging. the jaxx wallet which has already integrated many blockchains, and the lykke wallet have many assets, but they won't focus our personal-assistant functionality. expect partner with several exchanges. fact, want pillar users put their buy/sell orders into our api and let exchanges compete for their business. this solves the liquidity problem: any order can now filled from any exchange that participates the network. the pillar token meta-token, and the pillar exchange meta-exchange. the pillar wallet isn't browser browser based search and push, like the web today. even siri mostly brings you search results browser. believe browsing will eventually become asking and requesting, and the information will come you. the pillar ecosystem emerges, these functions will converge, and we'll provide these services many other platforms ... the internet smart contracts internet offers. our wallet will find and interact with smart contracts. will help industries reformat their data our wallet can see (the pillar token provides the incentive). believe the wallet will the center your world. everything will tie into the wallet, and we'll use fewer and fewer apps. eventually, we'll stop calling wallet and call the pillar personal data locker. integrations the next phase, will create and/or partner with other companies provide ... multi-exchange support important, because many the use cases for the system require exchange. plan partner with one more pillar personal data locker gray paper exchanges that will plug into our open-source system. our network grows, will create more competition and tighter spreads. smart contract aware new frontier findability the web value. it's possible today invoke smart contract and send ether, but finding the smart contracts the first place getting more and more challenge. this "searching the web value" will take some work, but are inspired the userfeeds and ether ontology projects. fiat exchange that interfaces the banking system requires licenses. will look for partners who want provide these exchange services our platform. portfolio and wealth management will integrate your coin- and token-based holdings, give you investing and risk-management tools, investment advice and secure your assets while making sure you have the petty cash spend you like. shopping services that work with ecommerce sites accepting cryptocurrencies, will integrated. identity services will provided several different standards. plan integrate all them, people can easily plug into the system and bring their identity with them. people will likely use more than one identity system, they can have different personas the personal data locker. messaging and social sharing are already being done several groups, most them are open source. will integrate one more these. job matching expect offer revolutionary new job and freelance matching engine. search find offers the web value and bring them back. people search find others and connect your various social graphs. calendars and scheduling services that interact with today's most popular calendars. ties into various professional schedulers. smart contract control center shows all your obligations, escrow, assets, and tied your calendar, balance sheet, and other parts give you complete smart-contract management system. pillar personal data locker gray paper all our wallets and extensions will open-source. many apps will free open-source, and many apps will have subscription pay-as-you-go models. all cases, you own and control your own assets one else has access them. open source the only way this our token (described later) provides the business model make the pillar ecosystem come life. personal data locker services once the basic extensions are place, can start creating vertical solutions. here sample the services expect, many which are described pull peer-to-peer lending wealth management asset management classified ads, auctions, and barter exchange peer-to-peer currency exchange finding contract work finding employment finding apartment buy rent digital birth certificate ecosystem for products etc. these aren't what you may thinking. your phone desktop today, these are separate apps. they barely talk with each other. the personal data locker world pull, where you say what you're looking for, and the offers and information come you. you can have long-standing requests that match when the appropriate find made, short-term requests that immediately result number offers choose from. will focus bringing content and offers. don't think browser, think personal data locker described pull everything your terms apps, web sites, ads (unless you want ads). stack the wallet grows into the personal data locker, will have more and more layers standards, services, and features. for example, you may have different personas that you can use different modes and maintain privacy. you may integrate many features with other members your family work. our stack isn't completely fleshed out yet, but here general idea ... pillar personal data locker gray paper white-label wallets don't have exchange. don't have browser. therefore, can provide our wallet many companies' software systems, either add cryptocurrencies their current capabilities, help them transition atomic ownership assets. will provide white-label wallet any company can put their own logo integrate into their own system. will focus the extra services you get with our wallet that you don't get with other wallets. hope this will entice many software companies use our wallet and get their clients using pillar tokens. transition atomic ownership for long time, will support both account-based and atomic-based wallets. the look and feel should almost the same. more and more people are comfortable transitioning the atomic wallet, the customer experience will easy. rather than logging into centralized service, you'll establish your password and make sure it's backed shared with people you trust. from there on, your assets will fully under your control. expect atomic ownership will attractive our oem and white-label customers, both because will better for customers and because regulators will push them along this path. the wallet the new operating system few people have figured this out already, but it's still early days the race. the wallet everything ten years our wallets will become digital assistants, powered voice, gesture, data, and artificial intelligence. the wallet the new platform that will power phones, cars, glasses, tablets, interactive displays, and more. wear your pillar personal data locker gray paper wallet your finger wrist and get instant access everything. this space going innovate quickly, and plan part it. the pillar wallet may just the right thing the right time. private key and password management you own your own data, you are responsible for safeguarding it. there are many ways will help consumers this. there are also plenty hardware solutions eventually, we'll use rings, watches, bracelets, even chip implants verify who are. plan give consumers many options. pillar personal data locker gray paper the pillar token the native utility token for this system, the pillar, will necessary for the system function and will independent any cryptocurrency. will erc token the ethereum blockchain. will unit value within our system. what does the pillar token do? while the wallet and platform are open-source and free, users will pay for the various services with pillar tokens (plrs) they use them. the token will power the entire ecosystem, giving instant business model many projects that can tie in. this the beauty token: you may need service exactly once and you won't need sign for it, you'll just pay pillars and you're done. many services will free. for example, most exchanges don't charge fee, they take their fees from the money you're exchanging. many more will ad-driven, and you'll charge the ads you see. importantly, you'll able "monetize yourself" asking for offers and providing yourself lead marketers. here's example: you see your doctor, she does some tests and gives you prescription for some pills. all the data from that visit, and the prescription, will copied your wallet. your data can even study being done with your permission, and even though you're anonymous the study, they want send you message, you'll have choice receiving it. another example: you book hotel room and rent car. these are now smart contracts. they require deposits and some kind insurance token. the pillar wallet handles all these details for you, managing all your smart-contract obligations, deposits, refunds, etc. looking for new bike? just specify what you want, using our product taxonomy chatbot, and all the bikes that fit that description come you for sorting and viewing. the data will come from each source, rather than from aggregators. you don't see web sites, you see offers. more and more services will accept pillars. the average person may pay $-$ per year such services, and return total control her assets and exposure. the money goes directly service providers don't take cut. pillar personal data locker gray paper will likely integrate the brave browser you can use the browser's built-in token pay for content you consume it. may integrate other browsers. expect integrate one more exchanges. should easy pay for what you want, using whatever currency you like. plan make you can pay pillars for everything. will partner with several exchanges, you can plug the one you want use the exchange that's right for each transaction. long-term, plan create exchange marketplace, where exchanges bid for your transaction real time. don't have set scheme for fees. believe market forces will keep fees low. fees will flexible, possibly like bitcoin's auction system. since there will competition, you will always see the best market rate for services and low fees. the pillar token meta-token brave has native token for seeing customized ads and monetizing your browsing experience. augur has token for betting. akasha has one for messaging. civic has token for identity. all these tokens will native our system one level below the pillar token. users may only ever use pillar tokens, and the system handles all the various tokens needed what they want. they may see and use the various utility tokens directly. there are five possible levels people may see: fiat currencies only they will see tokens all, even though there are many tokens work. will look and feel more like account. just whatever cryptocurrency they happen like, mix. combination fiat currency, cryptocurrencies, and pillars. combination fiat, pillars, and the native tokens for each service. possibly fiat currency all only tokens and cryptocurrencies. reverse way, the pillar token could used feed payments from around the web. vendor individual may offer something for sale (consulting time, fidget spinners, hotel rooms), and buyers can buy any currency they like, but the vendor can paid pillars (or any other cryptocurrency). pillars are the basic fungible unit value between all these systems. pillar personal data locker gray paper marketing partnerships ask anyone who has created successful platform it's every bit much about communication and education about building quality service. there are hundreds wallets the market. believe the pillar token will the viral component. the more companies integrate their services and use our token, the more becomes standard, and the more people will want it. plan dedicate serious resources education, marketing, and communications. want the open-source pillar wallet ubiquitous. will have partnership program help developers and others integrate our wallet into their software. governance token governance more complex than many people realize the personal data locker will become part hundreds millions people's lives, and the pillar token will making things work. there are fixed number tokens after the ico, market forces will determine prices and behavior. however, anyone with large supply pillars will able move markets and influence policy. therefore, plan take stewardship this token very seriously and watch for any potential issues that need attention. this new area commerce. most open-source projects have governing bodies, but they don't have think about tokens. hope show the way forward token governance and teach other groups what have learned. the biggest risk forking. have seen with the ethereum project, hard fork very serious event the life system. regarding splits, our goal create self-healing system and have governance council that will take all stakeholders into account when making decisions. there are small things can manage the token's fiscal and monetary policies. could market makers, can purchase tokens, and can burn ice tokens. will very transparent about our plans and include all stakeholders our discussions. pillar personal data locker gray paper execution plan this section describes the methodology, not the specific solutions. fundamental level, the pillar system represents the convergence the semantic web and the web value. the combination far more powerful than the two separately. eventually, will add make the customer experience easy and intuitive. team building don't believe resumes interviews. have community approach building the necessary team for all our projects. you may not see the usual experts our team though have many. our approach invite people work with and see who aligned with our purpose. much the team building for this project will take place our summer event august. general, prefer creative generalists who can with the flow than specialists who can only see narrow problem and narrow solution. will hire mostly generalists and hire specialists consultants. want part it? come slovakia august and you probably will be. architecture don't have set architecture for our wallet. plan keep building and modifying, throw away code gets out date, and stay market-focused delivering small units that work. first have build the world's best open-source multi-chain wallet the "trunk" then keep adding have partners and use cases that drive adoption. foundation: collaboration plan work with several projects know well and have code can start with. plan meet and collaborate with everyone our space. few notable projects: open mustard seed, from mit mit's connection science group personal data ecosystem consortium web trust cicada project the identity initiative uport consensys permid thompson reuters civic which has token sale june akasha pillar personal data locker gray paper iota token for the internet things ceptr verifiable claims solid nimiq there are others. are coming from the wallet side. will have many options choose from build community contributors and partners for the pillar project. data conversion transition from apps and web sites, the right data and content must flow and out the personal data locker. this huge job the more you understand it, the more you see how big the project is. fortunately, david mentions his book, can use existing vocabularies, taxonomies, and apis bring data and understand it. the state the art and big data have reached point where commercially feasible work with unformatted data and reformat suit our purposes this can seen the fact that google can now tell you whether store restaurant open just after you type its name. are just now point where the personal data locker can make sense much the data online. will take one use case time and incentivize many partners, who will want paid pillars. david's book and his recent essay smart data describe many the details. digital birth certificates chapter pull describes the digital birth certificate digital identifier for every individual person, animal, and item earth. this not new concept. there are plenty systems already identifying individual items (as opposed class items) and their condition and location. the internet things bringing life the concepts outlined david's book. everything will have unique identifier, and that identifier will point its description, and that description will have place some blockchain create the economy things will start integrating these new systems and continue support the standardization data this area. data security all the current development around blockchain-based data involves atomic ownership. this very active area research and development. the pillar pillar personal data locker gray paper wallet will become the hub for people aggregate and use their own data. data storage options include: decentralized storage blockchain the user's device datacenters all these options already have methods for hashing, storing, managing, and retrieving data. increased requirements for data privacy and protection will accelerate adoption the personal data locker. the personal data locker just the right solution the right time. key concept the principle least privilege giving out just the information necessary consummate transaction. today, consumers give out far too much information, leading the problems have outlined above. your personal data locker will help you manage this process. many cases, can use proxies that prevent vendors from capturing much personal data, including physical addresses. this new ecosystem trusted and trustless partners and data providers. it's already growing. the personal data locker will give much needed momentum. financials while most white papers are very light financial projections, want explain our thinking. use proceeds are well aware the difficulties large-scale software development and the failure most projects communicate and document clearly what has been produced. will need evangelize and promote our wallet, get many customers use possible, and explain the value the token people many times. this project will have its own p&l, which will available the project's web site and updated monthly. the team will based london start. this agile business. can't know plan how things will work out. will have launch and learn. for that reason, many parameters this ecosystem are left intentionally unspecified. the planning fallacy would great could script each month the next five years and connect the dots success. every new venture lottery ticket, chance build network that may may not materialize. most won't. too many pillar personal data locker gray paper project plans suffer from overprecision. keep eric schmidt, chairman alphabet's words mind: "one the biggest reasons for our success, though, that the plan delivered the board that day wasn't much plan all. there were financial projections discussions revenue streams. there was market research what users, advertisers, partners wanted how they fit into nicely defined market segments. there was concept market research discussion which advertisers would target first. [...] left that out for the simple reason didn't know how were going it." that said, it's worth the exercise get started. here our proposed budget for five years, realizing that will learn go. budget any budget forecast work fiction. given the magnitude the project, believe these numbers are realistic and conservative. are here change the world. are doing oem deals, could double these numbers: pillar personal data locker gray paper beyond budgeting what know from start-up data that running out cash one the number one causes failure (for the other three causes, see david's talk entrepreneurship all companies should rolling, agile forecasts and budgets, described the amazing book, future ready steve morlidge and steve player. with that mind, believe that create the world's most powerful, most successful wallet takes combination spirit, persistence, skill, cash, and luck. will have spend smart and work hard promote and evangelize the pillar system. can't too specific how the next several years will play out. will use rolling forecasts tool and teach other start-ups how apply beyond budgeting principles their projects. money management expect raise enough money for five years. plan diversify our holdings. will purchase our own index tokens help diversify. also plan participate the pre-sale projects that will fit into the pillar system. this will small portion our holdings, but should help create ecosystem around the personal data locker. transparency will put all financials and progress our web site and update once month. will post financial report once quarter. our slack open feel free come ask questions. about twenty thirty corporation based zug, switzerland, founded january david siegel's company. don't believe boards directors been there, done that don't believe community voting unless it's done very carefully voting easily skewed believe getting actively involved, discussing, making agile, rolling decisions go. have strong bias for open-source and running code. expect run internship programs, give grants, pro-bono projects, create educational materials, sponsor run events, work with city and national governments, and partner with other companies and institutions spread the principles and tools decentralization around the world. the pillar project our flagship project. we're here change the world. pillar personal data locker gray paper culture matter how much money raise, will always adhere our guiding principles (laid out essay called the culture deck how matters. stay lean fat salaries, fancy offices, set dorm for people sleep when they come work with us. work the same room much possible. take care each other, build family culture. employees first, customers second. don't look resumes and don't interview. work with volunteers until they are ready transition part-time, and then full-time employment. culture fit more important than skill. can teach skills. want friendly, eager people who are willing what takes. hr, management, board, traditional business beliefs. measure everything, try new things, learn what works. continuous delivery one-week cycles. keep the code working. continuous improvement make things better every day. use kanban make kanban your religion. create joy work. invite everyone join us. our community our foundation. give the crypto community. plan give research grants, free events, publish, and more. communicate, communicate, communicate. don't underestimate what takes get people learn and try something new. has management structure and hierarchy. our model that hive, with people doing what they love and swarming solve problems. join us. founders david siegel, founder (switzerland). david built web-design and strategy agency san francisco the and sold kpmg. has been the forefront technology and venture investing for years. has written five books about technology and business. was candidate the dean stanford business school expert blockchain, future technologies, angel investing and startups you can see his work dsiegel.com vitor py, founder (brazil). vitor senior software developer, has led cross functional teams areas diverse aerospace, energy, and law enforcement. former founder sim, brazilian computational materials pillar personal data locker gray paper science startup. vitor our chief architect and will lead the development the pillar wallet. this his fifth company. tomer sofinzon, founder (israel). tomer serial entrepreneur living tel aviv. entrepreneur and business development executive. founded clearci, company focused delivering enterprise intelligence solutions. has worked venture capital with focus strategic partnerships. this his company. yogesh gaikwad, founder (india). yogesh young indian entrepreneur with technology marketing background who started india's first growth hacking company and contributing tech startups around the world. advisors the following people have committed support the pillar project with their time, energy, and network. are thankful all the people who have offered help us. martin callinan (uk) has over years' experience the software industry. assists organisations leveraging the benefits open-source software while managing the business risks intellectual property, licensing, copyrights, security vulnerability management, and operational risk. member the leadership openuk industry association for open source software, open source software sig lead for techuk's cto council and partner global cyber consultants. james drake (usa) has over twenty-five years experience working with emerging technologies from web-based multimedia applications and information systems management, digital publishing, marketing, and distribution systems. ceo embermine james has spent the better part the last year and half creating system smart contracts enable people work together solve problems. euros evans (uk) launched the first real-estate website the world the spring saw the same potential with ethereum january now runs the n.o.m.a.n. blockchain meetup london and the etch project. jonny fry (uk) has extensive knowledge the asset management industry, having set fund-management business for private clients and institutions. this business was then floated the london stock exchange. has been ceo/board member variety regulated and unregulated companies the u.k. and overseas, number different industries. pillar personal data locker gray paper has experience working with the press and managing corporate and reputational risk for number organisations. gustavo guimaraes enjoys finding solutions for real-world problems through the use technology industries education, publishing, entertainment and the arts. was awarded the german chancellor fellow the alexander von humboldt foundation for researching technology impact people's learning worldwide building solutions using blockchain and smart contracts. jack weixi luo (canada) m.d. candidate jack entrepreneur, data scientist and cryptocurrencies trader. with over years experience trading, made his first age and was early bitcoin adopter back having never done his undergraduate degree, jack one the youngest medical students canada. passionate about the applications blockchain healthcare. jack currently advises for various startups, including kirt mcmaster (usa) tier- venture-backed silicon valley ceo palo alto, california. has personally raised over $mm and the executive chairman and founder cyngn (formerly cyanogen), autonomous vehicle startup. mcmaster was founder boost mobile, now wholly owned sprint. mcmaster has had acquisitions companies has helped build including ipos. product guy whose greatest thrill building strong teams. anish mohammed (uk) has been working the security and cryptography area for the past years, researcher and consultant. has spent half his career researching cryptographic algorithms and protocols. has also worked strategy consultant for accenture and capgemini. most recently has been involved the blockchain ecosystem one the founding members ukdca also the advisory board for adjoint, arteia, privacy shell, ripple labs and chain things. these days more focused projects that involve security scalability consensus blockchain and using smart contracts for safety. gary nuttall (uk) has over twenty-five years experience including retail, pharmaceuticals, nhs, commodities trading, and commercial insurance. mentor the startupbootcamp insurance programme, founding partner riskforge (an insurance accelerator/incubator initiative), and advisor blocksure, insurtech startup. chairs the techuk insurance working group and partner team blockchain. efi pylarinou (switzerland) ph.d. finance, with +yrs experience. she included the women fintech powerlist innovate finance. she pillar personal data locker gray paper the co-founder daily fintech global insight driven platform and the fintech genome knowledge platform for fintech conversations. her fintech domain focus digital wealth management capital markets. she works with marketing and partnerships. max pokam (fr) h.d. computer sciences distributed systems, seasoned it/telecom/security professional with leading role experience technical architecture, service delivery, sales and marketing. thomas power (uk) sits seven boards, including the advisory board humaniq. part team blockchain, advisory service london. has published books and spoken conferences countries. this explains his twitter followers since march joyce searls (usa) serial entrepreneur with background the fashion, restaurant and real estate development fields. she board member customer commons, not-for-profit whose mission restore the balance power, respect, and trust between individuals and organizations that serve them. she has multiple management and board roles, including linux journal, project vrm, and the sovrin foundation. sasha serafimovski (uk) has been equities analyst, entrepreneur, investor, and mentor number startups israel, denmark, and the uk. will helping twenty thirty finance and business development. joel smalley (uk) experienced financial engineer and architect several businesses and products fintech and capital markets. founder superfintech, group companies spanning regulated financial service supercapital and novel technologies, including fully automated, programmable multi-currency banking platform jurgen stroo (netherlands) senior linux and infrastructure engineer with years experience the field open source, linux, enterprise infrastructures. ambitious, energetic, and enthusiastic about the pillar project. interested containers, programming frameworks, and coding collaboration. richard titus (usa) was named one the wired serial entrepreneur whose startups include razorfish, schematic videoplaza. his most recent startup, prompt.ly, was co-founded and sold breezeworks. richard recently led customer experience for samsung pillar personal data locker gray paper electronics visual display division globally and has run media companies for bbc and dmgt the uk. phil windley enterprise architect the office the cio brigham young university (byu). passionate tech educator, the chair the sovrin foundation, the co-founder and organizer the internet identity workshop, writes the popular technometria blog, and the author the books the live web and digital identity (). phil has served cio for the state utah. holds ph.d. computer science from university california, davis. kaliya "identity woman" young (usa) expert the field user-centric identity. december she will have masters science identity management and security from the university texas austin. she was named young global leader the world economic forum. she founded the personal data ecosystem consortium currently she consults widely self-sovereign identity and personal data. dylan smith (australia) seed investor and founder rubix, leading emerging technologies consulting organisation providing innovative technology solutions for large corporate and government clients. rubix was named the top iot companies watch apac cio outlook magazine. prior rubix, dylan was founding member two successful technology companies, both which listed the australian stock exchange. customer council welcome people from any companies help guide the development our product stack. the pillar wallet and personal data locker are every bit important businesses they are consumers. are actively looking for council members. partners look forward working with the following groups (and many more) our platform develops: fermat.org embermine bbpay superfintech famous publicity team blockchain synchrasytech pillar personal data locker gray paper rubix consulting open source steering committee plan involve many people and groups this project. will set steering committee for the software and the token. initial members include david siegel, vitor py, phil windley, rui vale, martin callinan pillar personal data locker gray paper crowdsale the pillar crowdsale will take place over hours, from gmt saturday, july gmt monday, july during this time, the price will fixed ether. fact, the actual time the sale will measured blocks, not minutes, and our web site will keep updated count blocks with estimated time until the sale ends should between and hours. will put the price the web site july people can plan their allocations. each token will erc token the ethereum blockchain will use smart contract and return tokens the buyer's ether address. the case not meeting our minimum, will return ether instead. refer the terms and conditions document for final details. this summary ... token allocation total million tokens will issued. this how breaks down dollars during planning the actual price ether subject change (blue means input): july had reallocate million tokens from the sale the presale result overwhelming demand. figures below are current: pillar token allocation category total valuation percent tokens dollars $,, one token $,, $,, $,, for sale presale for sale sale allocated marketing allocated later funding $,, allocated $,, check total $,, here are details the above chart: pillar personal data locker gray paper the presale will take place using smart contract and ether address that will sent with instructions email and may may not web page. the presale limited million tokens. several the people working the project will purchasing this time. price per token has not yet been set. the token sale will offer tokens the public. they will sold using smart contract until all million have been sold, hours, whichever comes first. the price will set ether. buyers will receive erc tokens the conclusion the sale. all unsold tokens from both the presale and the sale will immediately ice for ten years using smart contract. they can't touched during that time. expect they will transferred nonprofit that will govern the tokens before then, but until that time they will remain property after ten years, they may sold, re-iced, burned according our token-management directives, which will evolve along with the system. the minimum raise for presale and sale combined will around million, set ahead the sale and priced ether (approximately million tokens). the target roughly million the sale-time ether price. the cap will million tokens. the marketing effort will receive million tokens, percent. this pay all the people and companies who have worked hard create and manage the token sale. percent these tokens will tradable immediately they are bounty and contest rewards. the other two percent will locked for months after the sale ends. reserve the right use some all the percent tokens reserved for later funding follows: provide liquidity one more exchanges. tokens not being used for liquidity will "off the market." give people who will develop services for our system. offer them prizes contests help expand the system with innovative services. for future offerings. assuming strong initial sale, don't plan another offering for least three years. reach our cap, will freeze all these tokens for three years. pillar personal data locker gray paper may burn ice tokens feel that contributes positively the ecosystem. the ten percent tokens reserved for twenty thirty will dedicated funding projects that will built top the pillar system. will give them developers develop parts that will work with the system. we'll use them fund our own projects. they will asset the corporation. these tokens will ice for three years. token sale the sale will take place over hours, beginning july gmt. tokens will priced immediately before the sale ether. the sale will take place that fixed price over hours (measured blocks the ethereum blockchain) until all million are sold. there will discounts. the end, all unsold public tokens will put ice for ten years, described above. token trading expect list our tokens exchange soon possible after the close the crowdsale. will put this information our web site soon available. pillar personal data locker gray paper summer event pillar big project. we're for the long run. are very serious about involving everyone who interested working with us. don't care about your education resume interview skills. invite you come work with us. have intention squandering the money acquire our crowdfunding event. treat every ether were our own. after the crowdfunding, plan have grass-roots unconference aquacity poprad, slovakia socialize, learn, teach, plan, and hire. anyone who comes poprad early august probably person want hire. every morning, will have blockchain learning and pillar planning sessions. will have tracks for central services, product, and marketing. you are reading this, you are welcome join us. the event will take place from july august. direct flights from london are available. have reserved rooms, but they are going fast and people are finding roommates. rooms are very limited for the resort, but there are hotel rooms not far away. we'll working the mornings and trying not work the afternoons. it's family event bring your kids. big party friday the th. reserve your room, contact tomer@.io don't wait for our ico rooms are going fast. contact tomer now get one. pillar personal data locker gray paper london office september plan open london's first open blockchain innovation center. won't fancy, but will community center where people can collaborate build the pillar wallet. also plan rent few small flats that will become our dorm, where people can stay while they work with for weeks months. pillar personal data locker gray paper