abstract the surge the growth digital currencies has been exponential with bitcoin leading the masses. each coin competing against each other race adoption that would mean sustainability. and blockchain technology the driving force behind all it, paving the way support the significant digital transformation from finance, healthcare and the music industry, even politics. the core concept that drives its adoption open distributed ledger that holds complete historical record every transaction that promises integrity its verification process within peer-to-peer network. pitis leveraging this technology become valuable currency that can used complement real money. backed technology that proves immutable and incorruptible, pitis will brand new currency that trusted everywhere. table contents abstract table contents introduction background mission statement model roadmap partners and supporters appendix introduction since the birth internet the early libertarian cryptographers have been dedicating themselves realising the idea digital money convenient and untraceable, beyond the control government and banks. cryptocurrency was term first described wei dai the cypherpunks mailing list, suggesting the idea new form money that created, controlled and managed cryptography, instead central authority. white paper peer-to-peer cashless system was published satoshi nakamoto. proposed electronic payment system that was based cryptographic proof instead trust []. also eliminates the need third party oversee transaction between two parties. the time, the public's confidence the government and financial institutions was all time low result the global financial crisis []. bitcoin offered alternative the people who had lost faith the system. the idea transaction system that liberated itself from the control financiers and government was downright appealing. his white paper, satoshi nakamoto explained the process completing transactions. the goal bitcoin create decentralized creating and environment where transactions occur without third party interference. order achieve that, two issues needed addressed: transactions have verified ensure that double-spending did not occur, and incentive program that the network remains healthy and robust. bitcoin addresses both issues through the use proof-of- work system verify the transactions that flood the network. the system made nodes, essentially computers, that work together reach consensus regarding transaction. convention, satoshi nakamoto created the first block the block chain; called "genesis block" that contains single transaction, which generated cryptocurrency called bitcoin, the benefit the creator the block []. incentive for the nodes work for the network, bitcoin introduced reward system for the working nodes, called "miners". miners are paid fraction the amount new bitcoins created through the process, well the transaction fees compensate for the electricity expended. proof-of-work essentially mathematical competition, whereby the first node that solves the puzzle will receive reward the form the created coins. important note that the bitcoin ecosystem representation the underlying economic theory self-interest []. adam smith, who considered the father modern economics, expanded this subject his magnum opus, "the wealth nations". the book, posits that humans act rationally and thus, would typically act their own self-interest. consequently, when parties act, interact, based self-interest, unintended benefits are produced. the whole process the bitcoin system ensures that the network serves everyone's interests. the user, wanting free third party control, utilises the bitcoin network transaction system, whereas the miners who motivated profit, keeps the whole system operational and healthy. this ecosystem that pitis envision for its community. system where government plays small role, none all, and liberated from the need rely third party intermediaries while carrying out transactions. background whole economic system, transactions are considered the building blocks. market, buyers and sellers make transactions for the same thing essentially any exchange money for goods and services. simple and straightforward transaction would likely involve two parties witnessing and verifying the exchange process. more complicated system, rely third party intermediaries such banks and credit cards providers oversee and validate transactions. bitcoin, and extension blockchain technology, eschew the need for third party reliance. bitcoin considered the first successful application blockchain technology. blockchain technology distributed database that shared and continually reconciled the network. the data recorded public ledger and every node computer connected the blockchain network are privy the information every transaction ever completed []. order for transaction completed, has validated and relayed back nodes, which are anonymous. this attribute ensures that the system remains transparent and remains decentralized. the blockchain ledger not stored any single location and virtually incorruptible hackers will require large amount computing power alter any unit information the blockchain. important note that though bitcoin monopolizing the cryptocurrency market the moment, other cryptocurrencies termed "altcoins" are created almost every day. altcoins are gaining acceptance and market value rapid pace. put some perspective into the market value cryptocurrencies, the time writing, the total market capitalization all cryptocurrencies just over usd$ billion with bitcoin leading the market usd$ billion. one unit bitcoin now worth more than usd$, jump nearly since its conception. ether, known competing altcoin bitcoin has market capitalization just over usd$ billion and valued and bitcoin cash, cryptocurrency that separated from bitcoin, growing unbelievable rate with market capitalization usd$ billion within one day conception, making the third biggest cryptocurrency the market. the information relevant august market capitalization are calculated the total units cryptocurrency available multiplied the current value dollars. bitcoin went through 'hard fork' that split the cryptocurrency into two. more information available from: https://bitcoinmagazine.com/tags/hard-fork/ the rapid growth the ecosystem has put alongside major banks, including commonwealth bank australia which has market capitalization usd$ billion, the royal bank canada and bank china with usd$ billion and usd$ billion market capitalization respectively []. other businesses with similar rapid growth such airbnb (usd$ billion market cap)[], uber (usd$ billion market cap)[] and xiaomi (usd$ billion market cap)[] has fallen far behind. the surge the cryptocurrency market positive signal considering still its nascent stage. with the advancement the blockchain technology behind all the growing cryptocurrencies, well the increasing adoption rate all over the world, can extrapolate that the ecosystem will enjoy more growth years come. most importantly, the whole system driven network miners who processes transactions within it. transactions are the building blocks ecosystem, nodes miners, are the backbone that ensures perpetuity and sustainability. referring back adam smith's statement self-interest, long there are incentives for the miners, they will continue expend their effort processing transactions the network. mining cryptocurrencies can considered profitable activity long there are coins mined. adam posits that the amount mining power devoted cryptocurrency positively correlated its value his empirical analysis []. asserts that rational miner, pursuit profit, would employ significant mining resources towards that effort. consequently, can infer that the amount mining power proxy the overall acceptance and use the cryptocurrency. the best example this case would bitcoin. below image the distribution bitcoin mining pools: economic and demographic considerations the market for cryptocurrency vast, not infinite its potential. blockchain technology complex technology that still the cusp early research. the rate its adoption increases the biggest players will those who though may not have the first-mover advantage like bitcoin are early adopters the technology, and would like amongst those numbers. simply creating new cryptocurrency with specific purpose and its own set functions may not sufficient ensure massive acceptance from the public. not all problems need solution. and the problem only pertains group people, the cost finding the solution might not worth the reward. therefore, believe that need back fundamentals. bitcoin may have been the magnum opus cryptocurrency and leading the market, yet there are parts the world that are still hesitant embracing digital currencies. the similarity catch- situation uncanny: mass adoption cryptocurrencies could ensure stability, yet precisely the price volatility that preventing mass adoption []. the goal bitcoin become decentralized payment system, giving power people through liberation from third party reliance. what propose cryptocurrency that will used alongside fiat currency. complementary payment method that people can opt-in and opt-out, depending their needs. reiteration, merely the creation cryptocurrency will not consign value, therefore believe that leveraging profitable activity (mining), would increase the value the cryptocurrency linked the activity. accepted knowledge that mining not for everyone. the initial investment can costly and there are various factors consider including the hardware costs, electricity and power consumption. have chosen malaysia strategic location build our mining farm for these reasons. malaysia has one the lowest electricity tariffs the asean region and plan using that advantage set and manage our mining farm. the goal this paper introduce new cryptocurrency that leverages cryptocurrencies mining activity add value for its holders. the first part this paper, will expound how value pitis can created with the backing real world profitable activity. the second part, will illustrate our business model and roadmap that will extend the application pitis other services raise its value the market for higher return investment. mission statement our objective simple. want create currency that has value. with the advent blockchain technology, the first part the objective easily achievable. however, cryptocurrency, regardless the fact that created through advanced technology merely tool with inherent value. let look back bitcoin example. bitcoin was created the tail end financial crisis, lauded solution privacy issues. the time, people had begun look for alternative for banks and this created perceived value for bitcoin. article marshall val alstyne, posits that bitcoin gained its value for four reasons: solved double-spending problem, enables frictionless commerce transaction fees approach zero, its protocol guarantees from fraud and acceptance medium payment []. envision cryptocurrency that will used complement fiat currency malaysia. cryptocurrency that based blockchain technology would open new possibilities for other potential application the technology. mass adoption malaysia would ensure the stability new cryptocurrency, and thus, believe that could bring pitis greater heights and accepted working currency the south east asian region and subsequently, the muslim world. the south east asian region make the world's population about million people with average growth per annum whereas the muslim population makes the world's population about billion people with average growth per annum, more than half the muslim population lives the south asia and asia pacific. according research conducted the nasdaq, the global halal industry valued usd$. trillion, and growing estimated annual rate []. from the statistic alone, can infer that the potential for cryptocurrency penetrate the market universally accepted currency very promising. core objectives phase build and operate mining farm for profit-sharing our first goal build and operate the biggest mining farm malaysia and south-east asia. the mining farm will used mine variety high-valued cryptocurrency including, but not limited to, bitcoin, ether, zcash, litecoin and ripple. will start with rig and expand our capacity depending the outcome our yearly activity. first year rig tnb plus solar energy second year rig tnb plus solar energy and gas turbine third year rig gas turbine fourth year rig coal energy pitis token holder, you will receive hibah (gift) the profit gained from mining for years until the hibah will offered pts any other cryptocurrency denomination that mined. order eligible hibah recipient, the token holder must: open two accounts: one for savings/investments and another current account; hold the total amount pts bought during ico for least year; withdraw only hibah received pts; and hold minimum pts their account thereafter. phase mass use pitis online medium for payment have already developed e-wallet that will used exclusively for pitis holders, kodinar blockchain. pitis holder would have the benefit secure and simple form pitis storage that can downloaded from website. with kodinar blockchain, users can store pitis well any other cryptocurrencies that are supported the wallet. are also the development kodinar debit card, which will utilise visa, enabling the card used anywhere the world that accepts visa- issued cards. other products the line include exchange platform for paired cryptocurrencies with pitis well pitis fiat currency. our partners who are owners affiliates online stores will also participate vendors that accept pitis payment. our vision that within two years its conception, the demand for pitis will increase and consequently, its value increase the benefit its holders. pitis development process pitis built ethereum, open software platform that based blockchain technology, where developers can run smart contracts. with the introduction erc token standard, the issued tokens are made more easily interchangeable and the tokens can also work with decentralized applications (dapps) that adhere the same standard. the open-source code for the token below: pragma solidity ^..; this token test token contract owned address public owner; function owned() owner msg.sender; modifier onlyowner (msg.sender owner) throw; function transferownership(address newowner) onlyowner owner newowner; contract token public variables the token string public standard 'token .'; string public name; string public symbol; uint public decimals; uint public totalsupply; this creates array with all balances mapping (address uint) public balanceof; this generates public event the blockchain that will notify clients event transfer(address indexed from, address indexed to, uint value); initializes contract with initial supply tokens the creator the contract function token( uint initialsupply, string tokenname, uint decimalunits, string tokensymbol balanceof[msg.sender] initialsupply; give the creator all initial tokens totalsupply initialsupply; update total supply name tokenname; set the name for display purposes symbol tokensymbol; set the symbol for display purposes decimals decimalunits; amount decimals for display purposes send coins function transfer(address _to, uint _value) (_to throw; prevent transfer address. use burn() instead check the sender has enough (balanceof[msg.sender] bool) public frozenaccount; this generates public event the blockchain that will notify clients event frozenfunds(address target, bool frozen); initializes contract with initial supply tokens the creator the contract function myadvancedtoken( uint initialsupply, string tokenname, uint decimalunits, string tokensymbol token (initialsupply, tokenname, decimalunits, tokensymbol) function freezeaccount(address target, bool freeze) onlyowner if(msg.sender owner) throw; frozenaccount[target] freeze; frozenfunds(target, freeze); transfer from account account but only the original account has the right function transferdari(address _from, address _to, uint _value) returns (bool success) prevent transfer address. use burn() (_to throw; instead (msg.sender _from) throw; prevent user transferring from another account (balanceof[_from] _value) throw; check the sender has enough (balanceof[_to] _value balanceof[_to]) throw; check for overflows balanceof[_from] _value; subtract from the sender balanceof[_to] _value; add the same the recipient transfer(_from, _to, _value); return true; mission statement for the first years conception, pitis verification process will use proof-of-stake protocol before reverting proof-of-work. proof-of-stake (pos) aims replace the way achieving consensus distributed system; instead solving the proof-of-work, the node which generates block has provide proof that has access certain amount coins before being accepted the network. this proof ownership achieved sending specific amount coins their own accounts. the network will then choose creator for the next block deterministic way, depending the stake that has been put in. the process similar nxt, and blackcoin, where they use randomization predict the following block creator, using formula that combines the size the stake with search for the lowest hash value. model ico pitis coin will released for purchase two waves, the first the and the second ... billion pitis will issued for both waves. the schedule price follows:- week pitis usd week pitis usd when the ico complete, the initial recommended price for pitis trading pitis usd business plan the amount collected during the pre-sale and token launch will distributed follows:- founders compensation costs purchasing equipment and mining rigs set mining farm. operational costs mining farm (electricity, staff, etc) the initial costs for setting-up mining farm malaysia approximately usd million including purchase mining rigs and other technical equipments, technical hire for installation and maintenance, deposit electricity and other miscellaneous costs. move support non-profit organisations that are making the world better place live in, parts the ico will towards supporting development project build and operate autism therapy centre partnership with pasarwafa(tm) and waqfeya project. chart the projected revenue provided below:- income from mining will used roadmap are offering new cryptocurrency the market with ambitious and wide-ranging blockchain project. the roadmap for the launch pitis below: pitiscoin idea testnet launched july september october mainnet launched commence phase :ico desktop web wallet launched november commence phase ico operation pitis-btc exchange december set-up mining farm launch online payment gateway open pitis for mining phase proof-of-stake open pitis for mining phase proof-of-work operation pitis-fiat currency exchange buy pitis, will accept payment bitcoin/ether/ripple and are offering initial rate usd. for every pitis the first wave, which will increased usd. the second wave. partners and supporters the pitis project supported numerous affiliates that provides different services and goods, well expertise wide range businesses. the list partners and supporters are follows:- www.cryptorepublic.com.my http://aurainner.com/ www.ifmal.com www.prosumerworld.com www.neunggeulis.com.my www.tuneromaniaga.com www.mycryptozone.com www.hjwafa.com www.promosicuckoo.com www.nineseven.my www.vbiz.my www.kbeautyoriginal.com www.kbeautyluxury.com www.yaz-ventures.com appendix wei dai. b-money. available from: http://www.weidai.com/bmoney.txt. satoshi, n., bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system. available from: https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf. uslaner, e., trust and economic crisis in: corp reputation review, (), pp.. available from: https://doi.org/./crr.. yli-huumo, j., ko, d., choi, s., park, and smolander, k., where current research blockchain technology?--a systematic review. plos one, (), p.e. available from: http://dx.doi.org/./journal.pone. smith, a., wealth nations. university chicago bookstore. world's largest banks. relbanks.com. available at: http://www.relbanks.com/worlds-topbanks/market-cap morris, d.z., airbnb valued billion million capital raise. fortune tech. available at: http://fortune.com////airbnb-valued-at--billion/ beales, r., uber's bln value accrues mainly customers. reuters. available at: http://www.reuters.com/article/us-uber-valuation-breakingviews-iduskbnba osawa, j., wong, g., and carew, r., xiaomi becomes world's most valuable tech startup billion valuation. the wall street journal. available at: https://www.wsj.com/articles/xiaomi-becomes-worlds-most-valuable-tech-startup- hayes, adam, what factors give cryptocurrencies their value: empirical analysis (march available ssrn: https://ssrn.com/abstract= haran, n., what's keeping cryptocurrencies from mass adoption?. tech crunch. available at: https://techcrunch.com////whats-keeping-cryptocurrencies-from-mass- adoption/ regional commentary: asean -power sectors. ram ratings berhad. available from: http://www .ippjournal.com/documents/reports/--_file_.pdf van alstyne, m., why bitcoin has value. communications the acm, (), pp.-. available from: http://dx.doi.org/./ the global halal industry: overview. nasdaq omx group (). available at: http://gifr.net/gifr/ch_.pdf neuroware. crowdfunding innovation decentralization with the world's first licensed bitcoin-based ecf campaign (october available from: http://neuroware.io/blog/crowdfunding-innovation-in-decentralization/ phillips, and phillips, return investment, handbook improving performance the workplace, volume two: selecting and implementing performance interventions (eds watkins and leigh), john wiley sons, inc., hoboken, nj, usa. doi: ./.ch