technical notes seesaw reward balance system whitepaper aka the 'purplepaper' revision march pivx.org these technical notes are intended formally document and describe the features and concepts the private instant verified transaction cryptocurrency. this specific document will thoroughly explain detail the technical details the seesaw reward balance system along with its intended benefits. .piv x.o www media @piv .org introduction the majority crypto currencies that make use masternodes, split their block reward per block equally between the mining and masternode distribution mechanisms. the intended fairness this reward distribution can subverted the growth masternodes held large investors without limits leading potential centralization the budgeting system much like having majority shareholder company. the additional benefits masternodes can lead less number users conducting proof stake (pos) mining activities and thus lowering the security the pos network. masternodes provide valuable service and should rewarded for that service, but our aim here not reward them way beyond the extra value they provide. for believe that doing disproportionately benefits masternode owners above and beyond other users the system and ultimately leads greater degree centralization. .piv x.o www media @piv .org technical notes seesaw reward balance system overcome this problem, the feature outlined this paper was developed and implemented with the sole intention ensuring the security the pos network. this achieved creating incentive stake, which subsequently promotes liquidity exchanges and controls the growth rate and count the masternode network. .piv x.o www media @piv .org pivx overview private instant verified transaction, pivx, privacy focused decentralized open source cryptocurrency launched feb under the name darknet (dnet) before was professionally re-branded pivx. initial proof work (pow) distribution phase ended august when dnet transitioned the current proof stake (pos) phase. pivx runs blackcoin pos .[] protocol and based bitcoin core ..x code base. utilizes network masternodes[] for openly visible decentralized governance and increased transaction privacy. the main goal pivx achieve near instant private transactions and governance that helps sustain the network for the benefit all the users involved. while are well our way achieving this, some the features are under development and should appear the near future. .piv x.o www media @piv .org technical notes seesaw reward balance system pivx overview cont... pivx has open task and development environment and highly accessible development team utilizing multiple social networking channels, including social media. the development team welcoming anyone and everyone join its cause, regardless technical expertise. encourage people just ahead and things rather than having lots gatekeepers hierarchical structure where permissions are required move forward. for more specific details pivx, please visit pivx.org. .piv x.o www media @piv .org proof stake overview achieve consensus; proof stake (pos) requires nodes running wallet software proving that has coins the blockchain order verify block transactions. the participating nodes receive amount blocks proportional their stake per set period form reward. this means that with lots participating nodes (with roughly even amounts coins) the network becomes very secure due the increased difficulty owning majority coins the network. masternodes overview masternodes are nodes running the same wallet software the same blockchain provide extra services the network. these services include coin mixing for increased privacy transactions, instant transactions and decentralized governance that provides decentralized budgeting system with immutable proposal and voting systems. for providing such services, masternodes are also paid certain portion reward for each block. this can serve passive income the masternode owners minus their running cost. .piv x.o www media @piv .org technical notes seesaw reward balance system main feature overview promote even ratio between staking nodes and masternodes the network, the pivx team has developed variable seesaw reward balance system that dynamically adjusts its block reward size between masternodes and staking nodes. each pivx pos block reward split with dedicated the budgeting system and dedicated both the masternodes and stake mining reward. the reward portion further split dynamically via the seesaw reward balance system between masternodes and staking nodes. the logic simple its roots. the higher the masternode count, the smaller the reward portion each pos block that will paid out the masternodes and the larger the reward portion for staking nodes. conversely, when the masternode count falls, the masternode reward portion increased and the staking node reward portion decreased. the pos block reward starts with ratio towards masternodes when the amount coins locked masternodes lower than the total coin supply. but the number coins locked masternodes above the total pivx coin supply, the block reward amount will shift with more than the block reward going staking nodes. .piv x.o www media @piv .org this has the effect making less attractive provision more masternodes has the potential significantly lower its profitability compared staking that has less upkeep cost. this threshold was selected would allow strong network profitable masternodes while creating incentive for approx. the total coin supply available for staking secure the network and maintain liquidity. another intended benefit and goal the seesaw reward balance system ensure that more profitable for users running masternodes than would stake the equal number coins, under the normal circumstances being below the equilibrium threshold. the reason behind this due the extra cost, risk and time associated with maintaining the masternodes are greater than staking alone. .piv x.o www media @piv .org technical notes seesaw reward balance system see saw effect following graph shows the block reward amount axis) for the masternodes (red) and staking nodes (blue) against the percentage total coin supply locked masternodes axis) starting from block (mid-may where each block rewards fixed piv. following graph shows the their theoretical annual percentage return starting from block where each block fixed piv with interval seconds. blocks day) .piv x.o www media @piv .org the red line represents the return masternodes when there zero upkeep cost per masternode and green line the logical masternode return curve hypothetical scenario where there annual upkeep cost per masternode with the price each piv usd. .piv x.o www media @piv .org technical notes seesaw reward balance system code logic walkthrough the logic intended simple possible while being effective. this ensure its stability and able easily determine its outcome and improve its logic the need arises. (mnodecoins ret blockvalue the blockvalue the total number coins per block. this value multiplied the variable ratio that determined the percentage the masternode coins, (mnodecoins) relation the total coin supply (nmoneysupply). the result ret value the number coins for the masternodes portion the reward. above example shows the very first logic used determine the highest masternode portion payout. you can see that mnodecoins less than equal the coin supply (nmoneysupply) and also greater than the return block reward value for the masternode will the pos block (ret blockvalue .). this logic continues for each increase set percentages all the way until mnodecoins less than equal the coin supply. else (mnodecoins (nmoneysupply *.)) ret blockvalue .piv x.o www media @piv .org any mnodecoins value that beyond the total coin supply will return fixed value equal the blockvalue. the expectation that should never come this point but the logic complete cover all possible outcome. else ret blockvalue this seesaw reward balance system algorithm initially started out with only percentage steps; has since been improved and now implements total percentage steps the variable seesaw algorithm that allows for far more granular step amount. .piv x.o www media @piv .org technical notes seesaw reward balance system summary the seesaw reward balance system that pivx utilizes, provides numerous benefits over reward split methods used the majority masternode featuring proof stake crypto-currencies. can indirectly affect the total count masternodes the network varying its reward size alter its profitability versus staking. promotes staking increasing its reward payment portion when masternode count high and thus maintaining high level network security. profitability masternode kept higher than staking long the masternode count remains below the equilibrium threshold. (approx. coin supply) allows all coins owners get rewarded for holding coins rather than just the masternode owners, hence resulting fairer and less centralized system. .piv x.o www media @piv .org future plans the seesaw reward balance system still relatively new (only months old the time writing this document); fine tuning may required the network grows and better thresholds are deemed more effective. but even within the first months pos with over masternodes that make over the current coin supply; the algorithm has been proven work seamlessly designed. .piv x.o www media @piv .org technical notes seesaw reward balance system source code github https://github.com/pivx-project/pivx/blob/v../src/main.cpp#l links bct announce thread https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=. official website https://pivx.org masternode payment information http://.../~pub/dn/dn_ masternode_payments_stats.html future plans the seesaw reward balance system still relatively new (only months old the time writing this document); fine tuning may required the network grows and better thresholds are deemed more effective. but even within the first months pos with over masternodes that make over the current coin supply; the algorithm has been proven work seamlessly designed. .piv x.o www media @piv .org referece pos whitepaper http://blackcoin.co/blackcoin-pos-protocol-vwhitepaper-cn.pdf dash masternodes https://dashpay.atlassian.net/wiki/display/doc/ masternode author written by: jakiman edited by: werwortmann, spock 'purplepaper' formatted by: @money-alchemist .piv x.o www media @piv .org www.pivx.org