your world, your games, your the internet games whitepaper revised oct. table contents introduction the internet games background about our story project 'yellow' videogame market current overview future outlook problems solutions crowdfunding tips and q&a marketplace recommendation collection marketing playgroundz platform playgroundz system key features benefits features for gamers features for developers publishers mvp playgroundz technology platform components architecture blockchain smart contracts scalability data storage user privacy security big data machine learning recommendation system whitepaper playgroundz iog token iog token why participate? future plans token ecosystem token sale token distribution roadmap accomplished milestones the road ahead playgroundz team development team executive operation team advisors references videogames market big data advertising whitepaper introduction world built through games the internet games introduction the internet games the internet games the internet games the network videogames, electronic media, software, consoles, internet devices and personal computers with gamers, software developers, and videogame publishers which enables these subjects connect and exchange data. are boundless virtual playground where gamers and developers live, explore, discover and connect with everything videogames. are the internet games. playgroundz "the internet games" whitepaper background the game changers about our story project 'yellow' background about about are development/publishing studio with over years videogame and network development services under our belts. our teams combined history spans over years knowledge and experience the technology space. have won numerous international awards including the prestigious game the year and programmer the year awards from the korean government. our team dedicated and passionate for games, gadgets, toys, technology and now blockchain! superbeat: xonic vita game the year award atomix.vg djmax technika most popular game the year korean ministry art vita game the year nomination playstation lifestyle arcade game the year arcade heroes vita game the year nomination playstation.blog place arcade game the decade arcade heroes music game the year nomination playstation.blog djmax fever runner for best psp music game ign djmax portable runner for best rhythm game the year osv whitepaper background our story our story created, designed, and published rhythm and music based game called djmax technika with team employees. the game received acclaimed reviews and international awards and created loyal following from around the world. the korean government awarded with the prestigious game the year award. upon launching learned about the gaming community and how vast and communal they were once they found other people who enjoyed the same games had interest the same genre games. these gamers were able find each other through social networking online forums and youtube channels. gamers love share and trade tips, secrets, and achievements. but our biggest discovery was when realized there lacked platform allow these gamers freely one the things they love most, which buy/sell and trade their old games and rare games have system let their online friends borrow their games. this when first came with the idea playgroundz. wanted create platform that was easy for the gaming community buy/sell and trade their games based social trust system that utilized the social awareness the community ultimately help you make decisions your transaction and who you transact make trades with. everyone the gaming community loved the idea and all agreed there was need for this began design it. most popular game the year korean ministry art (official korean government) arcade game the year arcade heroes whitepaper background project 'yellow' project 'yellow' began our journey when the team first conceptualized and identified the project yellow early our goal was connect users through videogames, toys and geek culture they may transact with one another without any authority restrictions named the project nitty (niche community). the project was released and achieved many milestones our first year. nitty milestones dec club hit members dec ,th registered member nov club hit members oct mar sep jun jul aug club hit members apr mar ios beta launched sep ,th registered member club club hit members jan oct club ,th registered member dec may club jun ,th registered member whitepaper videogame market billion gamers and growing current overview future outlook videogame market current overview current overview according newzoo, the videogame industry generated billion game revenues with billion gamers spread across the globe. this was increase billion from the year before. the industry has seen growth year over year for decade. global games market per region with year-on-year growth rates europe, middle-east africa $.bn china total +.% yoy $.bn asia-pacific latin america total $.bn +.% yoy $.bn +.% $.bn +.% yoy yoy north america $.bn +.% yoy whitepaper total $.bn videogame market current overview current overview according newzoo, the videogame industry generated billion game revenues with billion gamers spread across the globe. this was increase billion from the year before. the industry has seen growth year over year for decade. global games market per device segment with year-on-year growth rates mobile $.bn $.bn +.% yoy -.% yoy $.bn +.% yoy tablet games (smart) phone games $.bn browser games total $.bn $.bn -.% yoy boxed/downloaded games +.% yoy $.bn +.% yoy -.% yoy console $.bn +.% yoy mobile games will generate $.bn the global market whitepaper videogame market future outlook future outlook the market projections predict steady growth for the next years. global games market forecast per segment toward total market browser boxed/downloaded +.% cagr $.bn $.bn mobile whitepaper mobile $.bn mobile mobile smartphone $.bn tablet $.bn console mobile videogame market future outlook future outlook analysts also speculate that the huge mobile growth china will help grow the games market even further. chinese games market revenues per segment total market mobile +.% cagr $.bn $.bn $.bn $.bn mobile mobile mobile mobile whitepaper mobile mobile mobile mobile $.bn $.bn $.bn $.bn other problems solutions problems blockchain ain't crowdfunding tips and q&a marketplace recommendation collection marketing problems solutions crowdfunding crowdfunding problem crowdfunding system that allows people contribute funds for future projects based early concepts. similarly, game crowdfunding allows gamers contribute money advance developers help develop new games. this has been proven very successful for small development studios and indie teams existing platforms such kickstarter and indiegogo. for example: "wasteland which had been halted development due lack funding, was able continue development receiving million days through crowdfunding. gamers showed their support and the developers received times their original goal. the game launched critical success. however, not all stories end successfully. fundraising investors developer not guaranteed developer proposed project develop the game "mighty no.", spiritual successor the popular "megaman" franchise. during this time, proper megaman game wasn't released for almost decade and fans were eager donate see the project come life. the project was successfully backed over participants with total million within just one month. although the project was successful terms funding, onslaught problems followed. the project didn't reach any the promised milestones and was delayed numerous times. the development took almost double the time they guaranteed and eventually finished but launched lackluster reviews. the fans accused the developers quality issues and undelivered gameplay promises and were upset with the overall experience and end product. whitepaper problems solutions crowdfunding crowdfunding crowdfunding also presents huge problem with the trust the donated funds. the fundraisers for "project phoenix" raised funds for their project but then spent million those dollars developer other game projects secretly. other projects like "the stomping land", where successfully funded and the team just disappeared with the money. the crowdfunding platforms don't provide the means for investors monitor and make sure their funds are being vested and used correctly. this current system flawed because lacks the proper solutions stop these funding abuses. solution the playgroundz platform provides new videogame crowdfunding service for gamers with blockchain technology called "mineral". investors funding wallet developer playgroundz multisignature smart-contract blockchain mineral crowdfunding features vesting system where funds vest according milestone deliverables. this prevents the recipient party from receiving full funding from the start. the funds will deposited blockchain with smart contracts that are supported with multisignature functions. the contributors and the developers agree milestones, deliverables and terms and the funding amounts are only paid after certain number contributors approve them. the contributors don't approve the milestones, they can then decide the funding proceed with new terms refunded back. since the entire funding process based off iog token and smart contract, nobody including the receiving party can stop modify it. addition, everyone can also check the development process through block explorer without limitations. believe this will keep the developers track and honest but more importantly, this will keep the donations safe. also, using iog tokens the form donation, gamers and developers across the globe can create and sponsor crowdfunding campaigns regardless their country and currency. whitepaper problems solutions tips and q&a tips and q&a problem gamers often face lot challenges and have difficulties progressing through some their games. although, they can find help and content search engines like, the information usually lacks the perfect solutions and oftentimes provide false information. the current game space, each game community usually formed according the gamers gaming platforms like ps, xbox one and switch and not the game itself. this causes the game information split across different communities instead unifying one. this also causes friction for both the game and gamer because acts barrier that slows down the game and community's growth. gamers often face lot challenges and have difficulties progressing through some their games. although, they can find help and content search engines like google, the information usually lacks the perfect solutions and oftentimes provide false information. whitepaper problems solutions tips and q&a tips and q&a solution the playgroundz platform provides new knowledge sharing service for gamers with blockchain technology called "navi". navi game knowledge sharing service done through question-answering system with incentives. aims bring all information about games one place without any bias boundaries. navi uses compensation system for the collection good quality information and the determination false information. this system, questioner posts question and puts iog token reward. then the questioner adopts answer that was helpful and the user who has responded the question obtains the iog token reward. also, user provides the tips know-how for other gamers, the user can also earn iog tokens through donations. see wikipedia's case, people have the tendency share their knowledge with others even when its free. with navi, believe can collect good quality questionanswer information for games because not only provide system for gamers connect and share their knowledge, also provide reward system. also, using iog tokens the form reward, gamers across the globe can connect and share their information regardless their country and currency. whitepaper problems solutions marketplace marketplace problem videogame bartering for physical digital items plays important role for both the gamers and game industry. the second-hand market for physical games such console games and games estimated about billion/year and the item trading market for digital games estimated about billion/year. this proves that the user-to-user transactions are growing blue ocean market for the game industry. however, the existing platforms also have their share problems january software spending trend physical software spending grew versus year ago, the highest january growth since when gain was posted. console portable usd, millions jan- jan- jan- jan- jan- the most popular trading platform, ebay, prevents sellers and buyers from connecting directly with each other. due the nature virtual game items, this becomes problem for the buyers and sellers they must often communicate with each other directly trade their items. craigslist, another platform with large north american user base, has been plagued with fraudulent cases simply due the fact that there are systems that protect its users. although there are mediation platforms which provide transactions safely through escrow, the high fees make hard for cheap goods bartered with. whitepaper problems solutions marketplace marketplace solution the playgroundz platform provides secure and easy-to-use marketplace service that utilizes blockchain called "aki". buyer user marketplace playgroundz escrow smart-contract seller contractor blockchain the buyer who wants trade, transfers the item value amount with iog tokens, which then gets deposited the blockchain according the escrow smart contract. then, when the buyer makes the confirmation for the trade, the iog token paid the seller. both sellers and buyers can trade securely and the transaction status such deposits can confirmed anyone using blockchain. addition, users can trade the lowest commission because they use iog tokens. essentially, everyone across the world can use aki together since there will currency exchange problems. whitepaper problems solutions recommendation collection recommendation collection problem recent years, the rapid growth the game industry has led the flood releases. average over one thousand games get released monthly. gamers now have too many games choose and play with and not enough time. with many choices, the gamers need good system besides keyword-based search engines find the perfect game suited for them. for example: gamer searching for good story game and types "beautiful story game" they will get results like "bakery story". although game platforms like steam produce better recommendation results than search engines, it's still limited scope because only finds games for their platform. hundreds good games, created the efforts thousands developers, just disappear each month because they cannot find the target users efficiently. whitepaper problems solutions recommendation collection recommendation collection solution the playgroundz platform offers personalized game recommendation system for gamers. through the playgroundz platform, gamers can value review the games they have played. the games valued the gamers are registered into their playgroundz game list, and the user now has the ability create their own virtual game collections. the playgroundz platform matches gamers who share similar characteristics using machine learning algorithms. these algorithms can help identify and recommend new games catered specifically for each user. users value more games, the game collection increases and the recommendation algorithm becomes more accurate. whitepaper problems solutions marketing marketing problem this timeline represents past, current and future-forecast worldwide videogame advertising spend from the spending expected reach billion which will from billion. revenue billion u.s. dollars while the digital market continues grow, the cpi (cost per install) and cpa (cost per action) marketing effect for simple installation starting decrease. the marketing costs continue rise due the increase number downloads required for the top rank visibility, reflecting variables such user engagement, execution number, and other various changes that occur the market. publishers are starting figure out that cpi and cpa methods are not getting them loyal users. essence, the publishing dollars are currently being spent attracting the mass but also acquiring low-quality users that might not have any value return investment (roi) whitepaper problems solutions marketing marketing solution the playgroundz platform offers variety services for gamers. tracking the game habits gamers using big data analysis and machine learning the playgroundz platform, can anticipate what games the users will like the future advance. this allows build personalized, targeted advertising system that well above the level the current keywordbased advertising system. through the valued and enrolled games stored the playgroundz platform, can calculate what gamers have liked the past, what they currently like and what future games they could like. with the navi service, can help players come back old games they would love enjoy again and also recommend the perfect games they haven't played yet. beyond the current one-off marketing advertising platforms, will able make personalized lifestyle marketing campaign that analyzes the user's game lifestyle. this will very important boosting the lifetime value (ltv) and the return spend (roas), which are key factors for the digital marketing industry. pre-registration campaign build brand predict potential users pre-launch playgroundz marketing start whitepaper engagement campaign focus maintaining existing users based strong community launch acquisition campaign established look for signals interest like engaging with the pre-launch campaign, joining community, watching posts feed mature retargeting campaign roas through community playgroundz platform google games playgroundz system key features benefits features for gamers features for developers publishers mvp playgroundz platform playgroundz system playgroundz system playgroundz best described "google" for videogames. platform for videogames and game related services. playgroundz will gateway videogame database where developers and gamers can come and virtually anything game related. are simply creating new gaming ecosystem where everything videogame related decentralized and belongs solely the players and developers. playgroundz has identified five main areas concern within the game industry and has built service address each one. believe that each service will solve real problems and contribute greatly the growth the game industry. mineral mineral crowdfunding platform for gamers and developers. multisignature technology helps you track and monitor funding until the end project. aki navi aki the marketplace platform for gamers. escrow services using smart-contracts allow you trade securely and transparently. navi q&a service for games. reward-based knowledge-sharing service provides high-quality information. gems eyeq gems the playgroundz game collection service help gamers organize their game collections and data. eyeq the playgroundz help identify and recommend new games catered specifically for each user. whitepaper playgroundz platform key features benefits key features benefits playgroundz, the key features will benefit the gamers, developers and publishers! reward system users get rewarded fairly for their data contributions social communities safe marketplace allow users meet, connect and socialize through forums and chats barter safely with escrow tokens gamer users can barter directly for new transactions like renting and sharing better development directly connecting developers with their users whitepaper unique transactions endless amount content explore new discovery per explorability find new uses for your games game database key information for all videogames immutable our system creates permanent records for users and the general public playgroundz platform features for gamers features for gamers playgroundz, the gamer the priority. they can use the system connect with other gamers and games, well find new titles they are looking for while getting rid their old ones. being part the playgroundz system the gamers are automatically contributing unique game data and will rewarded for it. for the gamer, playgroundz can seen game itself; you act, progress and get rewarded. game database the game database contains key information for all videogames and platforms. users can browse the database find information every single videogame ever created. the data will include wide variety content ranging from simple stuff like package art and release dates more in-depth information like development history from the developers and stock rarity and ownership see who all the people who own the game. game network the game network allows gamers connect through the game title rather than the console which eliminates the current platform segregation issues. gamers different platforms can finally connect! game communities and social network users will able meet, connect and socialize for games. the social network allows all users communicate publicly privately. live chat with all the users the game page posting news and updates communicate through public chats add friends and private message directly with one another whitepaper playgroundz platform features for gamers features for gamers game collection system collection virtual display your entire physical and digital game collection for personal public viewing. gamers can now follow games they own, play, want, have interest in. users can tag their physical game uploading picture into the database. playgroundz will also incorporate various platform api's that allow accounting binding for all the gaming platforms. this new system will help gamers collect and organize their games well find new, hidden and rare gems! smart game recommendation our big data machine learning features smart game recommendation system that curates new and unique feeds for the gamers that are not currently available anywhere else. marketplace escrow system users can use iog tokens through our escrow system for all transactions including buying, selling, trading and borrowing. the escrow will also provide safety for users trade digital accounts and items. whitepaper playgroundz platform features for developers publishers features for developers publishers playgroundz will create new development ecosystem giving developers across the globe the necessary development resources, network and environment make great games. developers can obtain true user data the game database gives developers the opportunity access their player base directly and obtain raw play data well communication access without any publishers between them. this gives the developers substantial information improve their games. asset sourcing with iog token the metadata section features asset sourcing where programmers, artists, designers, writers, and musicians can all upload their resources and outsource donate them others through iog token. gamers can crowdfund new games, modes and features both developers and players can come together and use the playgroundz crowdfunding system help make new features, modes, and even new games. fact, portion playgroundz's earned revenue will even fund and publish new projects through voting system with portion the earned revenue. advertisement transparency the playgroundz advertisement payment system operates the basis blockchain technology. automated payment system will use smart contracts provide maximum transparency and flexibility for advertisers. lifecycle marketing (long-term marketing) lot advertisers are focusing the first event after install (retention, action, etc.) which gives you first shot the user quality, but nothing about long-term engagement. focus lifetime value (ltv) and return spend (roas) kpi. provide solutions reach the right audiences each stage the game lifecycle. whitepaper playgroundz platform mvp mvp whitepaper playgroundz technology groundbreaking platform components architecture blockchain smart contracts scalability data storage user privacy security big data machine learning recommendation system playgroundz technology platform components platform components application layer web app wallet mobile app core browser wallet core browser biometric verification third party restful json/https business api layer service lambda api gateway development sdk foundation layer playgroundz framework big data identify open api rewards inventory community system crowdfund system core analytics escrow advertise system marketplace system blockchain tasks service smart contract whitepaper iog token user playgroundz technology architecture architecture playgroundz composed each function being modularization component. each component uses light mechanism created the minimum unit, performing service between each other's communication. this fast architecture quickly enables development and test, thereby providing flexibility terms expansion and management system. playgroundz consists layers. application layer playgroundz perfectly supports web and mobile platform. based core framework, and according each platform, customized framework structured and adapted with biometrics solution such face finger scan. all applications are easy utilize with intuitive interface, and user-friendly designs. business api layer through json/https protocol, applications connect with playgroundz framework. even core framework systems are changed, sustains the maximum compatibility and minimized the amending work. third party can access the playgroundz ecosystem through our sdk. the sdk observes security policy reflected upon playgroundz framework and provides accuracy and flexibility. playgroundz, the third party will encourage create additional services. along with users and investors, will great help growing the playgroundz platform. foundation layer aka the core layer playgroundz. modularization components such ai, utilizing big data and machine learning, and escrow, using smart contract are driven the playgroundz framework. all necessary policy and algorithms are included the playgroundz platform. also, along with safety, diversity, expandability, security, and function, all requirements will satisfied. whitepaper playgroundz technology blockchain smart contracts blockchain smart contracts blockchain combined with smart contract core technology which makes the ecosystem playgroundz safe and transparent. blockchain dispersed ledger system millions computer networks, where each recorded node cannot erased changed randomly the users. information about blockchain encrypted and protected from the third parties. smart contract digital contract, and when certain condition met, the code put into effect automatically. when smart contract distributed, the contract terms can't changed. all transactions that are occurred from the marketplace and advertisement system provided the playgroundz platform will distributed via smart contract. smart contract, every data recorded permanently blockchain, making all transactions playgroundz platform safe and transparent. how will playgroundz marketplace blockchain work? all the information for purchased items playgroundz marketplace are given with unique pmip (playgroundz marketplace item profile), encrypted and saved blockchain. pmip consists diverse information which item and trackable information. also consists digital container which can save numerous records. internal records pmip are saved timely order. including hash and time stamp previous record, composed minor blockchain ledger inside each pmip. all transaction history done safely through smart contract. can traced viewed whenever permanently. playgroundz database sidechain main blockchain (ethereum) block marketplace pmip (playgroundz marketplace item profile) smart contract hash hash ... user block ... pmip (playgroundz marketplace item profile) ... whitepaper smart contract hash hash ... ... playgroundz technology scalability, data storage, user privacy security scalability the playgroundz iog token erc compatible and plays important role the playgroundz ecosystem such marketplace, rewarded community, and advertisement system. ethereum innovative platform which expanded the possibility blockchain. however, compared with the growth blockchain, the transaction speed ethereum very slow. there are many problems such influence the main chain due the slow speed side chain. compared with development and growth speed the playgroundz platform, the issues ethereum platform are not solved, are planning develop eos, waves, quantum blockchain platform relocate. this case, iog token will automatically traded with the new coin the new platform. data storage playgroundz takes advantage large volumes data. seek for dispersed, decentralized spirit without any inspections. however, decentralized and dispersed platforms are being developed and the stability not certified. also its function does not fit the requirement playgroundz. the beginning development, order for the convenience function and development, data saved and managed with centralized and concentrated form. when the playgroundz system stabilized and the technology well advanced for the dispersed platform, are planning transfer the data dispersed storage such ipfs, swarm, and bluzelle. user privacy security think user's personal information, security and protection the top priority. constructed multi-level security system block hacking identity theft problems. playgroundz will obey gdpr (general data protection regulation), and protects user's data privacy according its standard. whitepaper playgroundz technology big data machine learning big data machine learning the playgroundz system utilizes machine learning technology for data collection, analysis and anticipation modeling. machine learning platform, google's tensorflow used, big data analysis technology uses text mining based natural language processing, opinion mining and cluster analysis. collecting all traceable activities including user game collection, evaluation, posts, replies, and sharing analyze patterns and traits. these data are used all domains playgroundz system such recommendation system, advertisement system, and marketplace matching system. and those who provided data are rewarded with incentives. playgroundz machine learning architecture playgroundz game database community database geo classifier model output daily training everyday curation system advertisement system request prediction trained machine learning parameters marketplace matchmaking system prediction result all collected data are not provided the third party, protected and saved according personal identity security rules. whitepaper playgroundz technology redommendation system recommendation system the recommendation system playgroundz based upon pg-metadata that borrows quantum theory() from netflix. pg-metadata exceeds the common level metadata. records not only objective data game including the genre, the published date and the production period and on, but also subjective information game including the ambience game (future-oriented horror), the graphic concept (dreamlike retro), the complexity game story (linear, inverted retrogressive) and the game difficulty, etc. addition, even records the time clear and whether not game has the original story novel movie. conceptually, records all information about game construction. the recommendation system uses model-based collaborative filtering algorithm. the most important thing the latent model algorithm. rather than comparing the similarity original items, extracts conclusion interfering the patterns and causes preference included the data via algorithm ways. through this kind model, can enable accurate and reliable recommendations. the core technique potential pattern interference developed via algorithms such bayesian network, lda (latent drichlet allocation). latent node example traditional model playgroundz model (latent node) user user competition clash clan user user final fantasy user user clash clan love story orchestral ost final fantasy pg-metadata registered user should agreed more than certain number users. lastly, will registered after the acknowledgement playgroundz system. when registered successfully, both registrant and inspector the pg-metadata receive certain amount incentive (pointz). such incentive system gives many users strong motive participate building and validating vast game databases actively and voluntarily. quantum theory() the project taken the lead todd yelin netflix. when metadata movie written, makes the metadata filled with necessary information according about -page guidelines. the key project netflix recommendation system understand the composition contents the quantum level. whitepaper playgroundz iog token tokens were made for games iog token why participate? future plans token ecosystem token sale token distribution playgroundz iog token iog token, why participate?, future plans iog token playgroundz composed iog token following erc iog token the major settlement method the playgroundz platform. utilized every domain including settlement advertisement, community, crowdfunding and marketplace. perfectly compatible with erc standard. can easily transfer save ethereum wallet playgroundz wallet just like myetherwallet and metamask. iog token will not issued after the token sale. right after the token sale, one can attain iog token only through various activities the playgroundz platform upcoming promotions. based reciprocal communication between user, developers, and publishers, the playgroundz platform provides economic system, which enables virtuous cycle iog tokens. why participate? simple, playgroundz belongs the gamers and the gaming world. blockchain gives opportunity create decentralized game world for everyone! would just the honored group taking the lead get this started. secondly, because affects you. believe not, you're gamer. videogames have become part our lifestyle and whether you're home console entertaining yourself with your mobile device, you have most likely played game once your lifetime. videogames are the future entertainment and this your chance help mold it. future plans after first establishing the database and building community. playgroundz will develop new revenue models. playgroundz publishing (funding new titles) playgroundz accelerator (seed investments) membership programs game subscriptions game streaming whitepaper playgroundz iog token token ecosystem token ecosystem mineral aki crowdfunding investor marketplace developer buyer seller developer investor buyer seller navi answerer advertisement q&a service questioner user advertiser questioner answerer advertiser playgroundz validator game database playgroundz contributor contributor playgroundz validator exchange whitepaper playgroundz iog token token sale, token distribution token sale proposed structure ticker iog tokens ,,, iog inflation n/a private pre-sale cap iog token distribution bounty board advisors private token sale early investor industry reserve foundation locked structure industry reserve locked yearly release) foundation locked yearly release) early investor locked year release) total locked whitepaper roadmap the next level accomplished milestones the road ahead roadmap accomplished milestones, the road ahead accomplished milestones april studios forms develop and publish games nov garage cell formed seed aug playgroundz born may began android version oct nitty goes into new direction with blockchain jan project yello becomes nitty mar beta launched app store apr launched web site nov angel round raised built prototypes and functions dec project yello begins jan team decides replace niche with games nov whitepaper complete the road ahead *please check our medium channel see our milestone schedule. whitepaper playgroundz team award winning game developers development team executive operation team advisors playgroundz team development team development team playgroundz was conceptualized and created studios, inc. established videogame developer/publisher since throughout the past decade, studios has created games for numerous platforms which include playstation xbox one, nintendo switch, psp, vita, arcade, online, ios and android. our most recent hits include barbie fashionista for mattel, superbeat xonic, chef curry with stephen and ayesha curry and just skate with justin bieber. recently got some amazing new blockchain developers join well. the team members studios will apply all their videogame knowledge and connections develop their most important work date, playgroundz! whitepaper playgroundz team executive operation team executive operation team michael yum ceo, founder mike has developed and published over games throughout his year career. he's also passionate and dedicated gamer with psn platinum trophies and over physical games his collection. david hung coo dave spent years finance specifically boutique investment banking handling mergers acquisitions for private fortune companies. peter jung cfo peter co-found studios with michael yum peter recently sold his other company crew knitwear for million. dongpil lim cto dongpil also known the gaming world feels was the lead programmer for technika. dongpil also won the programmer the year award from the korean government seong-uk jeon art director seong-uk also known panax the djmax fans was the art director for the djmax metro project which includes technika, black square and clazziquai edition. now known simply justin, leads studios' art division and oversees all projects the art director. whitepaper playgroundz team executive operation team executive operation team jiho jeong system architect jiho previously developed altools windows applications during his time estsoft. was part the community system architecture team for hanafos.com which was one the most popular portal sites south korea. jiho has also programmed security solutions for one the largest security companies the world called softforum. now the lead database and server architect for studios. hogeun kang operations director hogeun rare industry veteran who has experienced all types videogame cycles and environments which include arcade, console, online and mobile. his ability adapt new platforms makes him excellent leader for the next phase for games. sarah choi lead artist sarah has worked several djmax projects and was lead artist for technika her work extends beyond games and has worked artist with major brands like nike and converse. she consistently growing artist and will bring her amazing abilities playgroundz. steven yum producer and project manager steven comes from mobile, where helped create and release numerous titles under ea's most famous brands which include the sims, madden, and command conquer. now works studios publishing producer and helps bring developers games market. federico perez marketing manager federico has been the industry for five years and leads creative and technical elements several marketing initiatives including data mining, community management, web collateral development, lead generation, channel partner cultivation, well customer platforms and acquisition strategies. whitepaper playgroundz team advisors advisors game louie reyes capcom and formerly sega and playstation greg essig former apple appstore manager philippe erwin former warner bros interactive group maria essig google playstore manager whitepaper playgroundz team advisors advisors more announced. whitepaper references sources videogames market big data advertising references videogames videogames videogames https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/video_game the internet things https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/internet_of_things videogames medium https://www.gamasutra.com/view/feature//video_games_as_media.php how videogames changed the world https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wniidwo history gaming https://techcrunch.com////the-history-of-gaming-an-evolving-community/ how videogames advanced computer and technology like gpus https://techcrunch.com////how-video-game-tech-makes-neural-networks-possible/ how videogames changed popular music https://www.newyorker.com/culture/cultural-comment/how-video-games-changed-popular-music videogame changing the world (machine learning) https://www.networkworld.com/article//artificial-intelligence/how-video-game-ai-is-changing-theworld.html dice isn't allowed talk the community https://linustechtips.com/main/topic/-ea-forbids-dice-from-talking-to-the-community/ admits defeat for battlefront https://www.extremetech.com/gaming/-ea-admits-defeat-unlocks-battlefront--heroes-removes-paywin-mechanics whitepaper references market market global games market https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/the-global-games-market-will-reach---billion-in--with-mobiletaking-/ used games sales https://www.gamasutra.com/view/news//analysis__million_us_gamers_buy_used_games.php game market data https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/the-global-games-market-will-reach---billion-in--with-mobiletaking-/ https://www.statista.com/topics//video-games/ https://www.statista.com/statistics//value-of-the-global-video-game-market/ https://www.statista.com/statistics//video-game-consumer-market-value-worldwide-platform/ how games became industry http://www.businessinsider.com/the-history-and-evolution-of-the-video-games-market-- whitepaper references big data advertising big data advertising digital beats https://www.recode.net/////-digital-ad-spend-advertising-beat-tv are cpis worth https://growthbug.com/are-cost-per-install-campaigns-worth-it-cddeb solutions lifecycle marketing https://www.facebook.com/business/news/solutions-for-every-stage-marketing-your-game-on-facebook prelaunch marketing http://portal.kocca.kr/portal/bbs/view/b/.do?menuno=&categorys=&subcate=&catecode= rising game advertising cost https://www.statista.com/statistics//global-video-games-advertising-revenue https://venturebeat.com////gamemakers-spent-nearly-m-on-tv-ads-in- http://www.mobyaffiliates.com/guides/mobile-app-advertising-trends https://appsamurai.com/app-marketing-strategies-are-cost-per-install-cpi-campaigns-really-worth-it https://pagefair.com/blog//adblockreport data fraud http://www.mobyaffiliates.com/guides/mobile-app-advertising-trends https://venturebeat.com////-of-all-programmatic-ad-impressions-on-mobile-could-be-fake https://static.squarespace.com/static/efe/t/fecaefeda//final_ https://theandpartnership.app.box.com/s/qtahjledhbdsbsabnuwxqcm advertising https://www.facebook.com/business/news/solutions-for-every-stage-marketing-your-game-on-facebook) http://portal.kocca.kr/portal/bbs/view/b/.do?menuno=&categorys=&subcate=&catecode= https://www.facebook.com/business/success/game-insight# http://www.pocketgamer.biz/comment-and-opinion//why-retargeting-is-the-new-user-acquisition-formobile-games/ big data: https://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/big-data-industry https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/architecture/data-guide/concepts/big-data http://blog.cloudera.com/blog///getting-started-with-big-data-architecture/ https://techcrunch.com////how-amazon-is-tackling-personalization-and-curation-for-sellers-on-its-marketplace/ https://www.warriorforum.com/social-media/-how-survive-social-media-jungle-smart-content-curation. html whitepaper