playchip: the universal gaming token blockchain enabled, sports community gambling ecosystem playchip foundation ltd. sydney, australia version august abstract the playchip foundation ltd developing its playchip the centre incentivised, blockchainenabled, sports community, and gaming ecosystem. following the implementation the blockchain enabled playchip, holders the playchip will able seamlessly transfer funds between the various sites accepting the token through the playwallet. they will able buy and sell the token directly via our partnered exchange, the playxchange. the playchip will also available trade other major international exchanges. this will provide degree control and security manner not seen before online gaming. the playchip designed secure, scalable, and fun, well include features incorporate fairness into playchip transactions and the partner gaming platforms, allowing become the gaming token choice globally. august playchip foundation whitepaper table contents introduction playchip ecosystem playchip playxchange playchain playwallet partner game platforms playchip foundation playchip ecosystem features customer kyc customer onboarding process business, regulatory and customer checks loyalty schemes and bonuses provable fairness and integrity global solution playchip feature roadmap playchip and ethereum methods token requirements playchain blockchain methods playchip ecosystem design moving playchips the ecosystem playwallet functionality playchain wallets and ledgers playxchange playchain and game interaction centralised identity mechanisms playchip future architecture references august playchip foundation whitepaper introduction the playchip ecosystem being developed capitalize market opportunity characterized the following: currently global solution for online gaming platforms load and cash out gaming chips using reliable and timely methods for transfer location and location currency. currently solution for movement gambling funds transparent manner, where commissions for gaming and money movement are clearly recorded. currently crypto blockchain solution for gaming funds that incorporate trust and transparency blockchain based technology. currently integration third party gaming environs and third-party crypto exchanges via application programming interfaces (apis), and blockchain technology. need for flexibility global online gaming comply with variable regional gaming regulations. need for global online gaming that utilises crypto tokens meet various regional security regulations, and they develop. better odds. the ecosystem based crypto technology will facilitate instant cash outs and provide greater trust and transparency the holding and movement funds. figure playchip ecosystem delivering playchip gamers, the playchip foundation and partners will benefit access global audiences and greater liquidity. the development the ecosystem, with well-defined interfaces and operating processes, will lower operating costs and allow game providers access other services such seamless online shopping. playchip ecosystem the playchip ecosystem integrates participants enable operation (figure each participant described below: currently solution for uniform kyc and aml process, and then input common set data for backend processes for jurisdictional regulation. players online gamers globally use their smart device and playchip access all services offered the playchip ecosystem. currently solution utilise token metadata smart contracts for current and future regulation applicable online gaming. partner gaming platforms providers online gaming experiences integrated into the playchip ecosystem provide additional services playchip ecosystem users. global crypto exchanges partner global crypto currency exchanges that allow players and investors trade the goal design the playchip ecosystem address these market issues and prove global token choice for online gaming. the playchip ecosystem should benefit consumers incentivizing longer play, bigger prizes, and august playchip foundation whitepaper playchips and exchange local currency and when they choose. partner stores that offer products services users the playchip ecosystem accepting payment playchip currency. playchip foundation will not place any restrictions other third-party stores offering goods and services exchange for playchips, however they may not considered partner stores. blockchain technology transaction speed and scalability increases then playchip foundation will reassess ability include blockchain technology into the backend systems. this would seamless players and offers potentially more insight into the mechanics the playchip ecosystems via blockchain explorers. the playchip ecosystem the engine that drives this innovative gaming platform. the componentry described below. the development the playchip natural progression for the dynamic and ever-evolving gaming industry. due the 'trustless' nature smart contracts, and speed and autonomy blockchain networks, envisioned that the majority industries will adopt blockchainenabled payment system future. the playchip ecosystem aims the forefront change hence investment blockchain technology drive its solutions. the choice public blockchain technology for the ecosystem player interface and "off-net" technology choice for the gaming platform interface based primarily need for higher transaction speed backend processes. blockchain technology evolving rapidly, however not yet ready for stable backend solution. thus, the playchip foundation has chosen the architecture figure for the first release the playchip ecosystem. figure playchip ecosystem the playchip ecosystem combines two separate common element systems (figure those elements have the following features: system for global transfer funds using the playchip and common playchip wallets, governed cryptocurrency regulations. common user account for playchip and gaming environs. players must have active account with tokens participate the playchip ecosystem. regional-aware system that allows playchip foundation respect regional gaming regulations whilst managing movement playchips under its control. the global system initially utilises ethereum blockchain [], movements playchip this system will incur ethereum transaction costs described gas. contrast the playchain "off-net" and movements playchip within the playchip ecosystem are free from gas. this further benefit the initial technology choice for the playchain, however expect cost improve ethereum evolves. figure playchip ecosystem components august envisioned that player will only carry out one 'know your customer' (kyc) onboard playchip foundation whitepaper process satisfy global regulation and antimoney laundering (aml) regulation. other words, the same information able satisfy both gaming and crypto regulatory environs. playchip playchip fundamental the ecosystem providing virtual currency for trading and gaming within the ecosystem. the playchip based the ethereum erc token standard []. global movements the playchip are completed with the public ethereum blockchain. playchips for public sale, and grant the residue partners, affiliates, founders and advisors, who will seed the ecosystem and stimulate growth where available. the playchip foundation will operate the playxchange. the playchip foundation will regulate existing coins the market preserve token value. addition, the playchip foundation will derive playchip revenue ensure long-term viability via activities such as: fees some playxchange transactions, refer token offering document []. fees for quick cash out facility, playxchange the playxchange core movement tokens within the ecosystem. optionally enabled outside exchanges directly currency services. the playxchange tightly integrated into the playwallet. interest fees for loaning playchips new partners the event they are unable buy pool operate, optional charge partner for kyc and aml check service, standard partnership distribution fees. playchain playchain the backend technology for immutability, trust, and transaction capability between gaming platforms, playxchange, and the playwallet. the playchain tracks movement playchips within the playchip ecosystem. playwallet the playwallet contains players playchips ready access and easy use application their smart device. the playwallet integrated into the gaming platforms. partner game platforms the playchip ecosystem designed support various game platforms and provide common services with the playchip. currently the game platforms are either tailored the local regions (via regional sports) global sports. increasingly, platforms are developed based fantasy sports []. the playchip ecosystem game type agnostic however each game platform must conform the ecosystem interface and meet legal requirements participate. playchip foundation the playchip foundation established protect and stimulate the playchip economy. the playchip foundation will release portion august playchip foundation transactions will carried out playchain playxchange and reported with the same mechanism the playchip ecosystem described later this document. playchip ecosystem features the key features that make for compelling case for both players and game providers adopt playchip and its ecosystem are described below. customer kyc both the crypto and gaming ecosystem requires users carry out kyc compliance. kyc compliance costs are increasing due growing costs transaction tracking software, staff training, and rarity experts rapidly developing environment. the playchip ecosystem onboarding process will used unify kyc and aml process between crypto and gaming ecosystems. customers who have applied for one set games already have kyc stored making easier enter new games within the ecosystem, reducing barriers and costs adoption. once the user details are entered, strong identity and access mechanism designed the playchip foundation whitepaper ecosystem central identity engine facilitate ongoing secure use and operation. information required and final implementation details. customer onboarding process customers must have playchip account with balance least one playchip order enter the playchip ecosystem. this requires correctly completed kyc and allows priming transaction values for later integrity checks. customer must first apply for playchip account via the playxchange via mobile webbased portals, see figure (). then they must obtain playchips via the playxchange receive them via the blockchain from third party wallets (). once they have satisfied these requirements the player eligible select further preferences via the playchain (,) and once complete, they participate partner gaming platforms (). figure boarding process there will one-off process convert existing playup customers playchip account holders. all new entrants must follow the above process. business, regulatory and customer checks the playchain supports the ability for gaming platforms carry out number preauthorisation checks players before they enter game. these optional checks allow the games query playchip balances, regional registration settings, client authorisations, time day restrictions, preferred language, any other client preferences. these queries arise either the playxchange playchain depending august figure pre-authorisation checks the ability check the user wallet balance and associated kyc essential before game play, and relies information entered playchip account creation, and movement playchip balances the playchain and playxchange. loyalty schemes and bonuses the already sizeable and increasing playchip userbase will drive demand for the playchip token the open market. playchip foundation and their partner platforms will also have promotions for account holders help drive the use and demand playchips. the success these programs will increase the desire hold tokens and reduce the trading volatility the playchip. addition the above, bonus promotions are planned drive the desire hold playchips. example this raffle that only verified account holders may use playchip tokens enter into. this incentivises account holders hold more playchips improve their chances winning. ensure fairness, the seeds the random number generator are derived from playchain interaction with the ethereum blockchain that explained later section envisioned that long-term playchip holders are rewarded with reduced transaction costs ability participate special "golden ticket events". these events offer special playchip bonuses for playchip token that meet the following conditions: playchip foundation whitepaper owning specified number sequential playchip ids, playchip prime number, playchip matches the value paid out given day. playchip matches significant date. chosen these competitions, finalised via smart contract, ensure fairness and transparency the gaming environment. they also encourage movement playchips within the playchain and open market order for players obtain the playchip ids they desire. the playchip ids are allocated upon entry the playchip ecosystem, and recorded the playchain. the generation method unique ids covered the following section. the ids currently have meaning the ethereum environ. the allocation encourages players keep their playchips the playchip ecosystem. future the playchip will investigate the use non-fungible tokens (erc) the open market. provable fairness and integrity the playchip ecosystem has fair and transparent transactional method allowing third parties observe playchip operation and integrity. figure provides diagrammatic explanation. behavioural fairness -logging selected anonymised gaming actions ethereum blockchain. user state integrity comparing the playchain and playxchange record player device. the mechanisms deliver these measures are covered section global solution the playchip will have application outside the playchip ecosystem. may transferred the ethereum blockchain like other erc tokens. this will allow players carry out the following functions: transfer playchips third party exchanges that support the playchip, utilise supported exchanges convert playchips other crypto currencies, utilise supported exchanges convert playchips other fiat currencies supported that exchange, move playchips cold wallets that support playchips, move playchips supported online wallets, spend playchips playchip ecosystem stores, payment method other exchanges. playchip future roadmap the utility playchip will increase the evolution blockchain technology. the following design changes playchip are expected: when future blockchain transaction speeds are increased the playchain may replaced with blockchain equivalent. playchip transactions will strike directly onto open chain improving transparency the playchain. with the evolution smart contracts the ecosystem business rules will figure fairness and integrity transactional fairness logging selected anonymised playchip transactions ethereum blockchain. august playchip foundation whitepaper automated behalf the users, players, game partners, and the foundation. non-fungible tradeable tokens introduced increase interest specific playchip ids. summary the first iteration the playchip will utilise many different aspects blockchain technology, and the technology evolves more features may applied the playchain. playchip and ethereum methods order for the playchip ecosystem meet its business objective the playchip must designed meet the following technical requirements. token requirements the playchip token will launched via initial coin offering and tradable the playxchange and third-party exchanges. launch the playchip will have issue price us$., however the playchip trades the open market will fluctuate market demand. the playchip has the following design, which will improve with technological advances: ability fork new standards, migrate new blockchains, support joint front blockchain solution, and backend enable bulk transactions, possible carriage fairness data blockchain, possible non fungibility support global playchip ids. transaction timing and scaling the playchip ecosystem designed support variety gaming platforms, each with their own performance requirements. due the nature real time online sports, tight timing requirements are placed transaction times the playchain ensure seamless user experience and system integrity. this measured against existing ecosystem users []. will designed scale two million users, meet growth projection for the year ahead. the transaction load the playchain will vary depending the time day, significant events, and increasing game platform partners. will designed scale meet demand. blockchain solutions are challenged this environment, but technology rapidly evolving increase transaction performance using sharding and sub-chains []. transaction options and costs intended that the playchain and playxchange will group transactions the ethereum blockchain reduce average ethereum gas. this will allow playchip users have free reduced cost cash out option. alternatively, players wish for faster playchip transactions via the playxchange, the player may fund the transaction with playchip and complete the playxchange. expected that blockchain evolution will provide reduced gas. playchip may migrate improved blockchain platforms that the case. portability blockchain technology evolves, playchip and playchain efficiencies will follow suit. every effort will made improve efficiency with minimal redesign the modular architecture. additionally, due the high adoption erc for current tokens, expected that future blockchain technology will backward compatible erc, mechanisms developed port fork erc tokens future standards. availability the playchip ecosystem designed survive multiple single points failure through advanced design principles. these includes the communication paths well server infrastructure. its initiation expected that the playchip ecosystem must support over one million users. august playchip foundation whitepaper security the playchip ecosystem being designed with "defence depth" approach with strong boundary protection, identity and authentication services, internal intrusion detection and prevention services, and extensive integrated logging and management services. many the integrity and fairness measures guard against cyber intrusion and data breach with identification third-party alterations transactional, behavioural, user, data. playchip format the erc token has been chosen for the initial playchip implementation due its widespread adoption and ease handling third party exchanges and wallets. other standards were also considered, such erc for ability back out transactions, and erc carry data such fairness inside the playchip. the development non-fungible tokens (erc []) also interest, allowing playchip carry unique token ids and assisting development loyalty bonuses for playchip holders. figure optional random number seeding off mershell hash the seeds will available for use the playchain and within the gaming platforms themselves. the random number mechanism has range proposed uses such as: loyalty scheme rewards golden ticket bonuses integrity checks. playchip generation. playchip generation the unique identification playchips within the playchip ecosystem designed support customer loyalty programs. there currently anticipated need for playchips held the foundation, other non-player accounts, require playchip ids. the design decision stay with erc until the other erc standards have evolved provide improved security, and backward compatibility with erc for migration purposes. the playchip ecosystem intended rolled out progressive phases between and []. playchain blockchain methods random number provision common native mechanism seed random number generation proposed for the playchip ecosystem. will rely extracting hash values from blockchain transaction records and using them seed for random number generation. figure playchip mechanism there are few proposed creation methods. the simplest being random number generator mechanism that generates numbers chosen length, checks them for uniqueness, then applies them playchips held players wallets. alternatively, the playxchange may hold combination values taken from characteristics the latest ethereum playchip transaction the blockchain and implement unique ids allocated playchips when added playchain user ledger. august playchip foundation whitepaper business decision the foundation will made whether playchips the players free and paid wallets have the same status future loyalty programs. however all playchips the ecosystem will have unique ids. regularly hash current records will created and appended known ethereum transaction. this may compared the same hash presented part the online presentation records. playchain event logs the playchain able keep immutable event logs. the event log will implemented database. the log likely reside high performance blockchain future architecture. viewers may see that the current records are unchanged, and they may back history see whether results published remain the same (common hash) those published earlier any change the database would result change the hash value calculated and presented the user. apart from maintaining the log all user and game transactions, the event log will act source information for the playchain measure statistics such as: distribution entry fees and winnings (top user statistics (winners, break even, losers) beginner user statistics (as above). these statistics may presented per game basis, per game partner, the entire playchip ecosystem. the statistics provide players unique insight the gaming platforms they access via the playchip ecosystem. playchain integrity check the playchip will ensure integrity operation maintaining the log secure record transactions and publication the internet. the playchain also provides mechanism ensure the reports and logs are immutable, changes are made, they are easily detectible. figure integrity game logs user and game hash tagging similar check may carried out user records. players' device may carry out hash user and registered game ids, latest transactions, wallet balances stored the phone cache, and then check against information stored playxchange and the playchain check for record integrity. figure user based playchain integrity figure integrity transaction logs august this would not only determine whether the playchain had been compromised, but also playchip foundation whitepaper whether other parties have used the playchip users' account different device. playchip ecosystem design the playchip ecosystem comprises elements online gaming and blockchain technology shown below figure moving playchips the ecosystem after the onboarding process described section players will receive playchips from the playxchange their playwallets. alternatively, playchips can bought thirdparty partner exchanges and sent appropriate third party wallet their playwallet via the ethereum network. playchips sent the playwallet involve sending the playchip through the playchip foundation merchant wallet supported the playxchange, which allocates the playchips corresponding user gaming wallets the playchain. due the business rules the gaming environ there will wallets directly supported the playxchange user hot wallets. these wallets may transact the ethereum chain, and may seen standard exchange hot wallet. players who have playchips their user hot wallet may transfer playchips via the playxchange their corresponding integrated playchip gaming wallets the playchain engage online gaming within the playchip ecosystem. players may convert their playchips fiat currency other cryptocurrencies directly from their third-party wallet through third-party exchange, from their playwallet through the playxchange. playchips located the gaming wallets have number mechanisms transfer out other wallets with different timing and cost implications. figure high level design two ledgers the gaming wallets for differentiating tokens the pay-to-play and freeto-play gaming environs. alternatively, playchips located third party user wallets may transferred equivalent august playwallet functionality the playwallet the term given the unified interface that provides users common view playchip foundation whitepaper their balances, allows different feature sets depending user sophistication, and provides ability move between wallet and game environments seamlessly. which represent the user's allocation assets the exchange. the wallets and ledgers aligned the playxchange are: playwallet comprised 'playchip wallet' used for gaming and optional user 'hot wallet', which allows users transact directly with ethereum through the playxchange. these are different feature sets the same playwallet. playchip merchant wallet hot wallet attached the playxchange for receiving and sending playchips and out the playchip ecosystem over the ethereum blockchain. this wallet will multi-signature wallet requiring multiparty process send playchips. the wallet will accessed via web interface integrated into automated business process via api. the playwallet integrated into the playxchange and playchain and able used apple ios and android devices. all wallets, the users' playchip balances, transactions, and deposit addresses are standard features. the user hot wallet more transactionally focussed will contain more details around currency conversion rates like conventional exchangebased wallet. the playwallet will more focused around integration into the gaming environment and rules involved moving chips and out the game interfaces. for example, playchips are placed into game, they will move into escrow ledger until the results the game are known. playchips are then moved out escrow back into the wallet remain the game wallet ledger. the actual movement playchips between wallets carried out the playxchange and playchain. playxchange wallet ledger internal database allocations coins and tokens that are sent the merchant wallet and allocated the correct destination address and user via internal process. each these ledgers will have one more blockchain addresses associated with the user id. these ledgers will used for both playchain players and playchain partners transact playchips the public blockchain. user hot wallet optional wallet interface for sophisticated players buy and sell tokens directly via the playxchange. this option may not implemented the initial phase the development the playchip ecosystem. the wallet will primarily accessed via mobile device interface but may optionally accessed via web interface that supports fa. figure playwallet overview playchain wallets and ledgers there are multiple types wallets and ledgers within the playchain ecosystem and this section explains their interaction. the playxchange cryptocurrency exchange, comes with merchant wallets, and ability allocate coins and tokens internal ledgers august playchip foundation whitepaper information. there will need store amounts both paid and free playchips. this ledger will also contain user preferences such language, game registrations details, and range other player specific information. figure playchip wallets and ledgers partner hot wallet hot wallet attached the playxchange for the purpose partners receiving and sending playchips the open market. this wallet will multi-signature wallet require multiparty process send playchips. the wallet will accessed via web interface integrated into automated business process through api. the other types wallets and ledgers are those which are reliant the playchain: playchip wallet interface for players view information their current holdings, transactions, addresses, market values, kyc information, credit card details, gateway tokens, bank account details, other cryptocurrencies. additionally, players may initiate purchases cash out transactions through the wallet. the wallet also tightly integrated into game interfaces that players may move from wallet game interfaces seamlessly. playchain player wallet ledger database ledger which contains the information presented the playchip wallet and other playchip user august playchain partner wallet ledger during game play the playchips risk are moved from the player ledger escrow account. winnings are then returned the player ledger losses the partner ledger. all these transactions are handled the playchain. players will have unified view their playchip activity from their mobile device. this unified view described the playwallet where two separate processes and interfaces support different features the ecosystem with transparency the player. playxchange the playxchange will support the following key functions: the playwallet via customised apis that allow the playchip foundation increase the sophistication the playwallet over time. interfaces the playchain support the movement playchips within the playchip ecosystem. interfaces with third party exchanges and wallets ethereum and other selected blockchains. the movement playchips from the global ethereum network into the playchain for gaming use. the playchip movement business rules meet regional gaming and cryptocurrency regulation. the playxchange will supported with playchain foundation infrastructure and designed have high levels integrity and resilience. playchip foundation whitepaper the playxchange will responsible for managing the collection player kyc and entry the playchain that both systems may report aml and regional gaming regulation. playchain and game interaction due transaction scale and speed restrictions current blockchain technology the initial implementation the playchain will use database technology. players use their smart device primary interface with the playchip ecosystem, allowing play games provided the gaming partners. both the game and the playwallet communicate with the playchain ensure conditions are correct for the player participate the game such as: registered play passed global and regional requirements (via kyc data), sufficient funds (free paid), player preferences match. all transactions the playchain are retained the event log and accessible the playchip foundation, playchip partners, and players order ensure the ecosystem open and transparent. transparency will enhanced with transactional and behavioural fairness mechanisms enacted the ecosystem and ethereum chain. gaming events will carried through rest apis the gaming platforms similar manner the operation the existing platforms. the existing game graphical user interfaces (gui) will integrated into the playwallet part joining the playchip ecosystem. additionally, our operational partners will interface with the playchain allow for the movement playchips between user wallets and gaming platforms. figure playchip game partner interaction the playchain provides the support mechanism for the wallet, ledgers, and transaction logs, and integral part the gaming process and compliance regime. addition normal system maintenance and support tasks, the playchain administrators will able access the event log and query transactions order resolve customer transaction disputes, required law. once appropriate technology becomes available, this could become another task that could performed oracle masternodes proprietary blockchain.the players' playwallet will also have the facility show individual users transaction logs well that players are equally well informed the status past and active games. centralised identity mechanisms central the playchip ecosystem identity and access mechanism (iam) that provides security who may may not access physical devices, software services, and administrative roles. will also provide the engine behind the and multi-signature processes implemented for higher value transactions more sophisticated player accounts. future solution flexibility consideration may include other identity and access methods such biometrics, hardware, and tokens. architecture for mobile application identity being considered integrate support the overall playchip security architecture. august playchip foundation whitepaper playchip future architecture wherever possible, blockchain design principles are being integrated into the current backend design for future transition seamless blockchain enabled backend. examples are: separate wallet/ledger architectures using erc-like possible. designing processes around immutable records (fairness and integrity methods, audit trails, playchip ids) integrating logic into blockchain variables (random number seeds) apis wherever order for future architecture support blockchain technology the backend and become integral part the playchip and game platforms, blockchain technology will need advance performance and scaling. the initial approach applied ethereum scaling perform many transactions off-chain and use the blockchain sparingly this why the playchain designed today. the second common approach relies future third generation ethereum implementation sharding [], where the ethereum state machine segmented and processed separately parallel with other segments. this increases scalability the cost security and decentralisation. also predicted that this approach may reduce gas less work required per shard. put this into context, the playchain estimated need support -tps for million user base, including surge demand. these numbers are implementation dependent, and development the first iteration the playchain will help refine this requirement. the playchip foundation will also consider implementing consensus chain for bets that trusted third party data feeds cannot verify. this instance, oracle masternodes will serve the consensus agents the betting smart contract, verifying the outcomes the bet and enacting the payouts via smart contract. this could performed the playchain (once suitable technology becomes available), secondary blockchain. the playchip foundation will continually assess these technology options order keep the playchip the forefront blockchain functionality, whilst preserving the ease use, and integrity the overall ecosystem. the playchip and playchain will migrated and when technology improves. this early stage the solution based next generation ethereum the erc token, but could migrated entirely new chain technology suitable for high volume gaming transactions. the migration would resemble the process completed eos and tron []. this approach will allow introduction benefits consensus and smart contracts the playchain, where makes sense, and allows the playchip and playchain remain the forefront the industry. alternate approach for the backend design use completely new blockchain technology designed specifically for high speed transactions. examples these under consideration are: eos has target tps [], high performance blockchain has target tps and transaction fees []. quarkchain target tps [], ziliqua tps []. august figure future playchip ecosystem architecture playchip foundation whitepaper references https://www.playchip.global/wpcontent/uplo ads///tokenofferingdocument.pdf https://ethereum.org/ https://theethereum.wiki/w/index.php/erc _token_standard https://medium.com/wepower/erc-standardsto-move-ethereum-forward-erc--erc-erc--ed august https://techcrunch.com////ethereumwill-replace-visa-in-a-couple-of-years-saysfounder/ https://searchsecurity.techtarget.com/definiti on/identity-access-management-iam-system https://eos.io/ http://www.hpb.io/ https://quarkchain.io/ https://zilliqa.com/ https://globalcoinreport.com/eos-tron-ercmigration-affect-on-ethereum/