decentralized cloud gaming platform pre-sale: september october ico: november (:, gmt+) november table contents executive summary the future gaming and the playkey mission gaming revolution moving into the cloud industry leaders predict the future gaming streaming the playkey mission leverage the cloud gaming revolution during the early stage decentralization gaming market size and the urgent need for streaming services the playkey cryptocurrency the pkt token purpose and technical description the token pkt token usage opportunities benefits for miners and gamers the playkey ecosystem the core the playkey ecosystem cloud gaming playkey ecosystem further development other use cases the playkey foundation foundation management philosophy identity service technical descriptions the token and platform, and their limitations gamer's workflow miner's workflow interaction between miner and gamer client server chain and off chain ico pkt issuance and distribution development program and budget episode development steps episode development steps (further episode steps) episode development steps (further episode and episode development steps (further episodes and marketing model pkt token price mechanics and economics playkey team and advisors the playkey team advisors legal partner legal disclaimer executive summary playkey, leading cloud gaming provider, contemplating ico with the intent exponentially accelerating the pace cloud gaming development through decentralization. the aim provide gamers with reasonably-priced opportunity play top rated games anytime and anywhere, using any device connected internet, without having purchase high-end console. the revolution cloud gaming has picked-up steam, but still struggling through some obstacles, namely: the complicated process game streaming software development; getting approval from game developers and publishers use their game titles cloud platforms; the high cost hardware (professional gpus, server equipment, data storage equipment, etc.). playkey based proven working technology. the team experienced r&d specialists, collaborate with leading game publishers including ubisoft, bethesda and wargaming. playkey has network nvidia grid powered servers based london, frankfurt, amsterdam and moscow, and backed large european fund. playkey aims create ecosystem for cloud gaming and other use cases ("the playkey ecosystem") featuring: dozens independent owners powerful computers worldwide ("miners") united within community, and acting cloud gaming service providers; single universal ecosystem cryptocurrency --the pkt token-- which will issued via the ico; unified high standards cloud gaming service (sla) set the form miner-gamer smart contract; governing and community regulating body playkey foundation, the issuer the pkt token, responsible for service and ecosystem development. all parties benefit from participating the playkey ecosystem: miners get efficient option utilize their computational capacities that more efficient, more stable, and less risky than cryptocurrency mining; gamers will able choose the best and closest server for playing; game developers and publishers will expand their client base. funds collected through the ico are will used for development the playkey ecosystem and cloud gaming popularization. the main terms and conditions the ico and pkt token are follows: total number pkt issued units long-term non-inflationary; issued tokens are intended sold, are reserved for the playkey foundation, and the rest will distributed among team, escrow agent, bounty and ico advisors; pkt tokens are implemented the public ethereum blockchain accordance with the erc (ethereum token standard tokens); cap set pkt (one hundred million) level; ico proceeds are going used for the playkey ecosystem and cloud gaming service development; the funds will stored eth, bitcoins and dollars after the end the ico minimize the risks. subject the amount collected, the planned structure for fund use follows: service marketing, promotion and total fund; r&d expenses (mainly salaries and wages) -%; infrastructural costs -%; operational costs -%. the future gaming and the playkey mission gaming revolution moving into the cloud gaming moving into the cloud, following video, music and other services. for gamers, cloud gaming cheaper than owning personal gaming hardware (pc/console), leveraging share economy principles. the development gpus, the internet, and low-latency streaming, have diminished the demand for personal gaming hardware. fact, the next generation consoles could the last one that based hardware. moving gaming into cloud technology has now become inevitable steam players are unable play aaa titles like gta high resolution, and players cannot even run such titles their obsolete pcs. the demand for cloud gaming will continue grow. the demand for latest-generation hardware, and the increased requirements from gaming caused resource-intensive technologies, will making home hardware more and more expensive and non-viable for casual gamers. industry leaders predict the future gaming streaming peter moore ceo electronic arts "i'm not sure there will consoles know them anymore. games will accessed streaming technology, don't need hardware intermediaries between the two. you and want play battlefield against each other, we'll just jump into game via whatever monitor happen have our homes. it'll chip, rather than box" yves guillemot ceo ubisoft "...for the new consoles, there's nothing official that expectation will have another cycle consoles before streaming..." katsuhiro harada tekken/bandai namco director and producer "when there's the ps, will probably just controller and monitor. then, the thing that will left the name the service" azad mukhurov cloud services leader russia&cis ibm home hardware quickly becomes obsolete. this constant "arms race" for gamers you want play new games with high quality? you should regularly pay for equipment upgrades. think cloud services are excellent solution this problem. gives way out the vicious cycle and allows you play new games forgetting about regular upgrades. the playkey mission leverage the cloud gaming revolution during the early stage decentralization allow all gamers play any game they wish, any device connected the internet, using decentralized cloud model, leveraging the existing proprietary technology, product and business playkey. create the world's largest platform and marketplace for all hardware providers, gamers and other participants the emerging industry cloud gaming. provide decentralized ecosystem with core platorm for miners and gamers, based blockchain technology, which provides private/professional gpu owners with new way earn money. the way that more efficient, more stable, and less risky than crypto-mining, while providing gamers with affordable way play aaa games, without using latest generaton hardware. experts believe that the future gaming the cloud, and playkey believes that should decentralized! gaming market size and the urgent need for streaming services yves guillemot ceo ubisoft streaming will totally change the way create and play games, and will again positively disrupt how think about gaming the global entertainment market (games, music, video) has been actively moving into the cloud for the past years. nowadays, users don't need download digital content their devices (computer, phone, laptop tablet). instead, they can consume online from the cloud. until recently, there were working technologies that would allow the transmission highquality real-time image with minimal response time (ping ghz (for video adapter with hardware decoding support)); the ability receive high level sla with low latency and great picture quality; the ability play anywhere; the ability play any device mac, tablets, smart tv, etc.; plug'n'play solution purchase playing time with just click, without having spend hours downloading game; the opportunity pay few they would pay for the gaming hardware, while receiving the same benefits. the price gaming when purchased using pay-monthly scheme over period years, the price for per month for that same monthly cloud subscription fee can one-fourth that price. expect that open, decentralized cloud gaming market will provide both private and professional miners with the opportunity generate times more cash with lower risk level than crypto mining, and will decrease prices for gamers which will allow more gamers play games, thus expanding playkey's user base and number hardware providers. the playkey ecosystem playkey will blockchain-based decentralized ecosystem for gaming services that will cover the following market segments and participants: the core participants the playkey ecosystem are gamers and miners (cloud gaming hardware providers). playkey expected build large, private and professional community miners, and become the largest streaming service provider and marketplace the world. later stage, playkey plans expanding the ecosystem, decentralizing other functions (r&d, game publisher relations, marketing), and connecting the platform other gaming market elements and segments such developers and publishers, in-game currencies, e-sport and live streams, apps and content creation. during the initial stage, the playkey ecosystem will supported the playkey company. the future, playkey expected transfer its ecosystem fully decentralized independent model. the core the playkey ecosystem cloud gaming cloud gaming architecture the basic architecture the service consists the user choosing the server the website, connecting the client with the server, and fixing the contract the beginning and the end the game. special trade service will established connect miners with gamers using smart contracts. miners will able develop their own smart contract terms (such pricing), join the recommended terms based the gaming market demand. obsolete miner playkey.io notebook macbook mobile description architecture components: clients playkey application for various platforms and devices: desktop playkey application for desktops and laptops; screen playkey application for smart and iptv ott consoles; phone, tablet playkey application for ios and android-based smartphones and tablets; playkey.io the main playkey web portal, which contains information about the service, the games directory, payment functionality, and client for desktop applications; miners blockchain enthusiasts that share their hardware's computing capacity with gamers; pkt playkey token; game game started miner's computer, using the playkey service; gamer user who plays games miner's computer for pkt, using the playkey service; blockchain chain transaction units; profile storage file storage for games profiles and saves. miners overview miners are intended approved personalities organizations with gpu-powered hardware resources with powerfull cpu and ram that are capable virtualizing video games high resolution, with high fps rate and wide broadband internet connection. miners will get the most the revenue pkt and will share part the revenue with the playkey foundation for the purposes further marketing, r&d and the integration new games. these percentages will figured out the playkey foundation the basis the customers' needs and the miners' community feedback. there are two types miner profiles planned basic (home/private) miners and professional miners who place their hardware data centers with tier higher service level. expect that anyone should able become miner. however, want develop ecosystem with guarantee that customers will get outstanding level game experience. start miner, the requirements are follows: install the playkey server side software your virtual machine; setup and run the software; download games available the playkey service; test your miner node and pass the sla (service level agreement); activate production mode and start mining! special smart contracts for the development and decentraliz ation the miners' community the playkey foundation will spend ico funds develop the miners' ecosystem, provide support for early miners, help miners pass sla tests, and equipped offer high level service. the playkey foundation plans spend the funds support the development fund. this organization will work create the stability the ecosystem and support the decentralized network miners. the development fund will buy servers, install them the most efficient locations, maintain them, and attract users. significant number the servers will regularly auctioned off, that every pkt holder will have the opportunity buy profitable server and generate revenue. the minimum price will set the development fund using revenue multipliers, but will not less than the price purchase. this scheme will based the playkey foundation smart-contract guarantee transparency and efficiency. additionally, every miner will able create their own smart contracts attract money from pkt holders and provide gamers/communities with the opportunity fund their local regional professional miners, minimizing latency and maximizing the quality the streaming service. this approach will implemented process create stable and efficient decentralized infrastructure. playkey ecosystem further development other use cases game development and publishing the playkey ecosystem will support wide range initiatives for game developers and publishers incentivize the creation new games with the direct support the gaming community. direct connection between all the publishers and game developers, and the platform; publishing and crowdselling games inside the playkey ecosystem; support for indie developers through donations and stimulation playkey foundation initiatives. marketing decentraliz ation the playkey team believes that the next stage decentralization will marketing. will provide wide range tools for miners attract users their gpu-powered machines (for example, web service, mobile application). overall, these initiatives will provide transparent and fair terms for all market stakeholders. large professional miners regional miner communities can execute local marketing campaigns independently, including using their own mobile applications; cpa networks and youtube bloggers can issue their smart contracts which they would paid for each client that they send miner's server; game selling promotions for publishers via smart contracts. e-sports and live streams following the gaming industry, the playkey ecosystem will develop cybersports initiatives, providing gamers and teams with wide range fair and engaging competitions. additionally, the team will develop services support and enhance the game streaming experience for both gamers and streamers. global and local gaming competitions via sponsorship, and additional services inside the playkey ecosystems; services for e-sport teams, and sponsorship smart contracts; "play now" button for stream viewers directly start playing with the streamer; cross-subscription prices customers buying stream channel subscription receive bonus for cloud gaming subscription, and vice versa; "stream now" function for gamers motivate them stream directly from the cloud. gaming content creation playkey will support the creation content-related services, which will provide fair game reviews and interesting content. game magazines and blogs with different monetization schemes via smart contracts inside the playkey ecosystem; youtube streaming support via smart contracts with publishers and gamers; game reviews other content (video/text). the playkey foundation the playkey foundation management company within the playkey ecosystem. will responsible for increasing the platform's popularity, managing the key rules the ecosystem, and developing core strategy. the primary goal the foundation develop open gaming ecosystem that users can find value in, and simultaneously supply miners (and other service carriers) with open and sustainable platform broaden, deliver, and enhance those services, well attract users. the foundation's responsibilities will include managing the playkey company and financing for software development needs. the playkey company will also all the negotiations with gaming publishers, and will clear all the legal issues make games available the system. the playkey foundation will direct and fund the development tools that give ecosystem partners the ability build, grow, and create value for one another. the playkey foundation will further this work engaging development teams continue improving the technology suite that supports the playkey ecosystem. all proceeds from miners will channeled through the playkey foundation, which will fund the development the playkey ecosystem. infrastructure fund marketing fund miners community marke;ng managment the revenue service support fee dat miner with nvidia global strategy game publishers rela;ons amd powered pricing polices and miners sla term sofware development games implementa;on tech support the playkey foundation will fund r&d and infrastructure development, marketing and pr, and other global initiatives. marketing initiatives will focus the attraction new players the playkey ecosystem, the the playkey foundation, and then the decentralization marketing, providing smart contracts advertising agencies and other service providers. global initiatives will develop global gaming services, investments, and new services inside the playkey ecosystem. infrastructure fund marketing fund global initiatives miners community public rela,ons global gaming strategy conferences major marke,ng investments miners marke,ng for miners bonus payments policy for token holders relaons with hardware companies pricing policies for gamers smart contracts with miners managment smart contract with marke,ng agencies investments strategy government rela;ons miners sla foundation management philosophy the playkey ecosystem viewed community ecosystem partners (products and service providers) miners, r&d developers, game publishers and game enthusiasts that are interconnected via the use pkt and their customers. the playkey foundation meant unbiased, nonprofit, and democratic governance frame for the members the ecosystem. the essential functions the playkey foundation will consist the open governance its resources collectively with different ecosystem partners, the advancement the pkt implementation, and all matters related the ecosystem community. the playkey foundation will administer centralized ledger and execute its defined policies and protocols automated but trustful way, while working towards fully decentralized method. order fulfill its mission, the playkey foundation will dedicate resources establish fair and transparent governance process that will take into account the voices and needs all participants within the ecosystem. this open governance model will oversee decisions related legal matters, content, and compliance guidelines. resources will dedicated foster the ecosystem working with partners drive value creation and network effects. aid the playkey foundation carrying out its mission, the playkey foundation will carry pkt reserve. the playkey foundation responsible for guaranteeing the security the pkt reserve, well transparency the use its funds. part its mandate, the playkey foundation will create incentives for digital services and applications that create vibrant services within the pkt ecosystem. identity service user identity becomes important issue decentralized ecosystem digital services, users should able transact without friction across multiple digital services. the playkey foundation will maintain consistent and easy use identity service, that will allow establish and communicate consistent identity across services, maintain single, robust wallet, and own ongoing reputation within the digital environment. the reliability storing such accounts will ensured encryption protocols and algorithms two-factor authentication. the playkey foundation will also provide participants with the code and the required api integrate identity service. technical descriptions the token and platform, and their limitations playkey will initially implement semi-centralized hybrid on-chain and off-chain transaction service for scalable interactions with the pkt cryptocurrency. playkey will develop and host centralized off-chain ledger with api available all digital service partners. however, the transactions pkt will settled the ethereum blockchain. this will help avoid network fees transactions between users, and avoid stress the public network due the large volume transactions. will also improve the user experience terms latency. the choice such implementation based playkey's experience. the expected daily transaction rate could potentially surpass ethereum's throughput capability, posing the risk network congestion. purely on-chain architecture may not optimal the outset for two reasons: ethereum transaction confirmation times result significantly delayed responsiveness that higher than what users typically expect from consumer applications; the ethereum blockchain requires fees paid for every transaction. fees are paid ether cryptocurrency, creating adoption barrier for the average user. this why the hybrid solution has been chosen. creates semi-centralized system which end users will enjoy standard user experience, insulated from some the complexity blockchain systems. however, this approach also has the drawbacks typical centralized system, such having rely trust between participants. the long term, the playkey foundation will move towards the migration the transactional infrastructure into fully decentralized system, while retaining low friction user experience. decentralized ecosystem, users should able make transactions, without any friction, across multiple digital services. therefore, important that users establish and communicate consistent identity across services maintain single, robust wallet, and own ongoing reputation within the digital environment. playkey will support consistent and easy-to-use identity service, and will provide participants with the code, and the required api integrate it. necessary achieve significant success blockchain technology provide highly-scalable, lowcost and cost-effective decentralized systems, and eliminate the need for semi-centralized approaches. progress already being made the areas throughput scalability, sharding, efficient payment channels, and decentralized governance protocols. accelerate the required advancements, playkey would welcome the opportunity work with the blockchain technological community, and test these technologies production integrating them into the pkt transaction services.parameters set the gamer, will implemented the future. gamer's workflow typical gamer's workflow will follows: register the playkey.io website and create pkt wallet; download the playkey client application; top-up the pkt wallet balance buying pkt for real currency (usd, eur, etc.); choose the server play with the following filters: locaton, ping, the cost playing that partcular server, reputaton, etc.; select server and enter into smart contract with the miner. auto-selection the server based the parameters set the gamer, will implemented the future. create cloud pkt wallet playkey.io registration gamer payment from internal balance manual selecting miner server buying pkt from internal balance play todo: auto selecting server miner's workflow typical miner's workflow will follows: register the playkey.io website and create pkt wallet; download playkey's server application; install and configure the software; download the desired games and set the price for playing; register this smart contract the blockchain. playkey.io registration download playkey server miner create cloud pkt wallet installation and configuration testing, tuning, benchmarking... download gamer software set prise, games ready play todo: regular mining while waiting waiting incoming connection create smart contract transaction with action registration (server, rate, games, timestamp, data) lease interaction between miner and gamer after the successful creation smart contract transaction with action encrypted profiles from the cdn are downloaded the miner's computer, and the gamer able start playing. after the session ends, the encrypted profiles are uploaded the cdn, and smart contract transaction with action created. the pkt transferred from the gamer's wallet the miner's wallet. the future, are planning using decentralized storage such storj, sia other service providers. miner gamer lease create smart contract transaction with action start. (registration contact, user, server, rate, game, timestamp, data) play playing connecting... ending... create smart contract transaction with action finish. (start contract, finish date, session data) upload encrypted profiles execution contract and send pkt download encrypted profiles download gamer software alfa cdn service done todo: storj, sia... client server client-server communication carried out using protocol developed playkey that based the udp unicast protocol. the playkey service adapted work unstable connections and can adapt the bitrate and image quality for each user. controls commands (keyboard, mouse, gamepad) video and audio stream client app server app game statistics, mange commands virtual machine (windows chain and off chain the public ethereum network will serve the currency's decentralized settlement layer, providing interaction with users who want transfer pkt from the playkey application and into it. will provide better experience for users interactng with pkt inside playkey ecosystem. this will solve problems the early release the system, such blockchain scalability bottlenecks, feeless transactions, faster transaction times and encapsulation complex features. with the development blockchain technology, pkt will grow and will allow the provision these features completely decentralized environment. ico pkt issuance and distribution playkey plans set ico with issuance volume pkt tokens achieve the following goals: integrate blockchain technology into the playkey gaming service; develop decentralized, resource-sufficient, safe and fast game streaming solution, where miners can provide their powerful resources the gamers; reach active players the usa, emea, and apac regions for additional information, please see the development program and budget below. playkey expects the following ico tokens emission bounty pkt foundation team pkt pkt advisors pkt pkt pkt tokens sold pkt not all the tokens will sold out, shares are scaled proportionally and absolute values are calculated, based amount the tokens being sold. ico key terms pre sale start pre sale end ico start ico end september october november november special discounts for presale bonus eth: eth: eth and more: pre sale limit pkt pkt eth bonus and special discounts are not summarized pre sale limit pkt tokens provided for team members will blocked for the following terms: will available after year; after years; after years unsold tokens will destroyed development program and budget starting point video capture technology client application for mac windows commercial launch games catalogue (including aaa titles) nvidia grid and tesla graphic cards support proprietary video protocol minimize losses the video stream and incrase the data transfer speed fps, full resolution nvidia gtx graphic cards support entering the cis, emea market blockchain integration pkt support development options devices technology features r&d team regions infrastructure fund (miners community) episode pkt pc, linux, mac pkt token usage, miners platform decentralized cloud gaming hire people r&d and us, emea episode pkt android smart tokens for pro-miners messenger android and engineers teams apac episode pkt smart (lg, samsung), ios cloud storage network decentralized work with game publishers smart team and ios teams latam episode pkt playkey gaming console, bigdata for game publishers decentralized marketing and r&d team alpha centauri budget structure description episode pkt episode pkt episode pkt episode pkt marketing playkey team technology infrastructure (foundation) operational costs (offices, travel costs, legal) episode development steps decentralized infrastructure will integrate blockchain and pkt our business processes, providing miners with opportunity lease their pcs and servers gamers. develop new features will hire additional people rally marketing and r&d for playkey ecosystem. marketing activities our primary objective make cloud gaming popular and available every gamer the world. marketing helps achieve this objective. the more funding get, the faster will able scale and launch playkey different regions. episode will concentrate current markets the and europe. infrastructure fund our primary objective for this round decentralize infrastructure. develop decentralized infrastructure and support mining community will setup infrastructure fund. will start with $m, and the more receive the more invest the fund. episode development steps (further episode steps) pro miners platform pro miners are crowds, organizations, private miners with large resources, which can organize professional mining with high level sla (service level agreement) professional data centers farms. will develop specific platform for miners, which will allow them crowdfund their growth and become professional miner organizations, that they can supply their gamers with cheaper and higher-quality slas. pro miners will able receive pkt and share dividends with their investors. the playkey foundaton will guarantee deals between investors and pro miners. android client application will develop client for all android and higher versions that will allow you launch playkey any android-based device (tablet, console, smart tv, dongle). messenger further development playkey ecosystem will develop our launcher with built-in messenger for text and voice chats. marketing activities episode will expand the fast growing gaming market asia. addition marketing will setup foundation's servers there provide first users with high quality service. episode development steps (further episode and smart services will develop client application for top smart models including lg, samsung and android powered tvs, that will allow gamers play the big screen. cloud storage network peer-to-peer cloud storage network implementing client-side encryption would allow users transfer and share data without relying third-party storage provider. this network will store games builds and user profiles. decentralized work with publishers will develop api for game developers sell games inside playkey ecosystem. future, will provide opportunity make subscription based games with transparent billing system. that system and cloud gaming principles will provide publisher with piracy-free environment. marketing activities will reach episode (united states), emea (europe middle east and africa), apac (asia and pacifc) and latam (latin america), will have covered all the main regions. episode development steps (further episodes and devices and game support games require double gpu and cpu power render game objects, making the cost vr-ready hardware high. will solve this problem developing low-latency, high resolution protocol that all gamers with helmets will able utilize play games without having purchase hardware. bigdata for game publishers game publishers will able enrich gamers experience, using our tools for exploration gamers habits, issues games. all these will bring new quality standards for games playkey ecosystem. decentralized marketing and r&d further decentralization will initiate creation independent teams for r&d core product and new services inside playkey ecosystem. additionally, expect that for better matching miners needs marketing and opportunities for agencies, cpa networks will open api create smart contracts for marketing inside playkey ecosystem. the playkey gaming console will develop proprietary gaming console that will give gamers the possibility play big screen. the client application will based linux, and the code will open source, that any hardware manufacturer able develop its customized playkey console version open platform for non-game apps understand that the playkey solution viable not only for games, but also for other applications i.e. any software that can consume high cpu and gpu resources. our plan develop the ability launch, virtualize and stream not only games, but also other software that can demand for owners obsolete pcs. marketing activities will succeed our main regions, will intensify our marketing for these and new regions with lower population. marketing model goals the marketing campaign drive gamer users into the decentralized playkey gaming platform for months.; ensure sufficient number miners meet the demand gamers' audience. the target audience gamers. users laptops, macbooks, medium and weak pcs, for which games are one many hobbies. they are willing spend hours week playing games, but this not the main kind leisure, they are not ready invest expensive gaming equipment. miners. individuals: owners powerful gaming pcs, farms for mining. legal entities: data centers with fleet own servers. resources for the marketing campaign proceed from fees for ico dollar equivalent usd. marketing accounts for fees. thus, the marketing resource for achieving the above goals usd ,,. with every transaction from gamer miner, the playkey foundation receives revenue share the development the service, currently considered the level the deductions for marketing will this share. for example, the miner received the playkey fund will receive from the miner. playkey fund reinvests marketing. phases the marketing campaign acquisition phase the first months since the public launch the decentralized playkey platform. the goal the phase million gamers the platform. scalability phase next months. the goal the phase million gamers the platform. geography the marketing campaign north america (na); latin america (la); europe (eu); asia. marketing campaign directions goals keeps market penetration and brand recognition the audience; attract necessary number miners satisfy gamers demands. methods sharing information about the platform through social networks, business and mass media, thought leaders. implementation generating info guides least times per month; sharing info guides through regional agents. economics needed time achieving goals: months; cost services: per month per region; number markets for global agents: (na, la, eu, asia); total budget for the campaign: advertisement goal attract gamers the platform. channels cpa networks; youtube (prerolls, integrations); searching advertisement (google adwords, yandex.direct, baidu, etc.); facebook ad; twitter ad; reddit ad; media advertisement gaming websites. economics needed time achieving goals: months; customer acquisition cost (cac) average retention rate (month month): virality factor: total budget for "acquisition phase" (phase including reinvesting marketing about revenue playkey foundation: includes: ico gives, after deduction costs pr: includes: reinvesting from operating income playkey foundation: total budget for "scalability phase" (phase fully reinvested from operating income playkey foundation. detailed calculations the marketing model are given the table. pkt token price mechanics and economics key considerations pkt utility token, means any pkt holder may use the token pay for playkey cloud gaming service (short time rent playkey gpu powered servers play video games); pkt the only mean pay for playkey service, i.e. have access playkey service user needs have pkt which he/she transfers the miner who provides the service (the analogue internal currency computer games like gold world tanks, which you need have, buy more powerful shells and consumables); demand for the playkey service creates demand for pkt tokens; number tokens limited, but service demand has potential for growth increase demand for service leads increase pkt price the market and vice versa; miners are not obliged sell pkt tokens immediately after receiving them; playkey miner and licensor software solution (miner ought pay some share their pkt revenue playkey) may absorb supplies pkt token the market decrease its price volatility. basic mechanics for pkt pricing any point time there demand for playkey service from gamers, who are ready pay some amount money (expressed fiat any other cryptocurrency, not pkt) for service subscriptions (hereinafter, instant demand). gamers buy pkt tokens directly exchange through agent (including playkey website) and set smart contract with miner get required service paying miners with their pkt tokens. generally, gamers are not interested pkt and its price, they worried about the price for the cloud gaming service they get for their money. thus, assuming some number pkt tokens available for sale, the price defined as: pkt price instant demand number pkt available tokens for sale for example, there instant demand for service for the total amount gamers are buying monthly subscriptions price and there are tokens available the market. than the pkt price pkt the supply pkt tokens formed: miners earned tokens providing the service; other pkt token holders (ico participants, bounty, employees, playkey foundation, etc.). avoid the situations, when the gamer acquired some number pkt tokens get exact volume service, but miner ready provide the service for this number tokens, planned provide quotation for the service from miners simultaneous with the purchase token. later playkey foundation plans acquire and install servers with subsequent sale these servers miners for pkt tokens well launch new convergent services. this will create additional demand for pkt tokens future. key factors influencing pkt price demand for playkey service and number pkt tokens for sale are basic and fundamental factors, but there are many other factors influencing the pkt price. positive correlation number users; users' life time (how long users use the service); total servers capacity (no servers service users); positive news service development and overall transparency playkey project; new goods and services available for pkt tokens. negative correlation supply tokens (bigger the number tokens for sale, the lesser the pkt price); negative news; competition and substitutes. playkey ico's main objective integrate blockchain and model and raise funds for service further development and promotion worldwide become the market leader and have dozens millions users. moving towards this objective demand for the service expected grow followed pkt price increase. the basic economic model playkey described below. economics playkey demand for playkey service key fundamental factor for pkt price change. basic economic model for playkey service promotion and generating revenue stream/demand (key assumptions): customer acquisition cost (cac) user; user uses the service average for months; revenue per user per month; variable costs are user (servers lease payment, collocation, electricity); playkey reserves server capacity for new users for month; all profits are reinvested. playkey spends (cac cost one month reserve server's capacity), and from the next month playkey receives revenue from the user amount months during next months: cash flow stream: month marketing and promotion user (cac) variable costs user (servers rent, collocation, electricity) average revenue per user net cash flow ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) first month: investing playkey receives monthly revenue and positive cash flow every month during next months total), i.e. (one) dollar invested gives monthly revenue and positive cash flow stream per month during the next months ($. total). months: reinvesting the next month gives the revenue monthly and positive cash flow ($. total). months: reinvesting gives monthly revenue and positive cash flow ($. total). and on. summarizing, spending for service promotion and further reinvesting all cash streams, the end months period playkey may have monthly revenue (i.e. demand for the service backed servers capacity). every spend service promotion results monthly revenue (demand) months period time. example day day demand for the service (i.e. total amount users are ready spend buy service subscriptions) number tokens available for sale (circulating supply, maximum amount) tokens tokens money invested service promotion token price, $/token n/a change customer acquisition costs, user's lifetime, user's average spending service, time lag while allocating financing among marketing partners and hardware distributors may significantly influence playkey economics both ways. model will speed the expansion the service dramatically saving time and money for equipment purchase and installment. how the gamer will pay for the service after the ico after the ico the process paying for playkey service subscription will not changed for casual gamers: the user goes playkey web site, chooses the subscription he/she wants, and pays fiat currency according recommended fiat currency prices, he/she usually does and did before. then playkey converts collected fiat into pkt token the exchange for behalf the gamer. then playkey transfers acquired the exchange pkt tokens miner and simultaneously set smart contract accordance with the terms chosen the gamer (total number hours service, fps, ready full resolution, etc.). gamer buy (pkt) for money gamer playkey token shop miner get rewards (pkt) miner sell (pkt) for money the gamer will have option acquire pkt tokens the exchange himself and use these tokens pay for playkey service: gamer acquires any number pkt tokens he/she wants the exchange the price set the market. gamer transfers pkt tokens the miner and concludes the smart contract with the miner set the volume and parameters the service wants have (total number hours service, fps, ready full resolution, etc.). playkey team and advisors the playkey team comprises professionals including developers, gaming strategists, testers and marketing experts. the core team has been developing the technology and building playkey for years: world leading specialists cloud/streaming technology development and gaming industry; established partnership relations with large data centers and gpu/hardware providers; established partnership relations and agreements with leading global game publishers and services. the team has started implementing blockchain the project the middle increase efficiency using servers different countries. february the team realized that the same technology can help speed scaling process and started make architecture the future solution. they believe that blockchain technology and huge gpu capacity all over the world what will push the infrastructure decentralization. the team has started work with top blockchain developers (ripple, bitfury, nem) and advisors increase team's expertise year ago. current blockchain developers team has years mining blockchain. coupled with top expertise the all team members, it's top gaming ico team that can solve implementation blockchain the playkey ecosystem. the team successfully manifested itself the following areas: gaming: experience with top publishers; cloud gaming: the first startup that has positive economy and supported funds; telecom: working with all top russian telecoms; highload projects: support the service with mln users. the playkey team egor gurev founder, ceo playkey (linkedin) egor managing technological startups more than years. brought the market many technical products digital distribution multimedia content for the giants mobile operators and the largest telecommunications companies russia and the cis, such gamagama.ru, turbodom.ru, zabava.ru. brought the projects the markets europe, the usa, asia, and the cis. created the largest distributor digital content eastern europe with million users. successfully sold the business large holding company. attracted investment from the leading european fund order scale the project alexey lykov founder, cto (linkedin) alexey technical specialist with years experience. has extensive experience working with high-loaded systems for telecom operators the company enaza. develops platform solutions any complexity. alexey manages team more than people, with which parts the product were written and launched from scratch: the server part, the client part, the architecture, the billing. author patents for cloud gaming services. alexey develops nvidia solutions cloud games. alexey working the development the blockchain system playkey for years. manages the infrastructure more than video cards. developed unique solution for the mining cryptocurrency gaming platforms. vadim andreev founder, director game strategy (linkedin) for the project playkey vadim signed unique for the game industry contracts with the world publishers games: ubisoft, wargaming, gaijin, electronic arts. vadim has been working the gaming business for more than years. vadim concluded more than contracts for the supply digital content the company enaza. vadim performed gaming and blockchain events kiev, linz, barcelona, london, dubai, abu dhabi, las vegas. annually takes part all significant events the gaming industry: gamesom, gdc, whitenights, igromir. dmitry isaev cfo dmitry responsible for financial discipline, economic analysis, management accounting, investor interaction, cash flow management. within the framework the project, set system management accounting and budgeting income and expenses, took part attracting investments the project, developed methodology for assessing the financial risks the project. dmitry worked for long time one the largest telecoms operators, has experience working for investment companies, the general experience financial management more than years. roman epishin chief marketing officer (linkedin) roman for more than years manages marketing teams and engaged business consulting the gaming industry. earlier roman brought online project "tanks online" the top online games the russian market terms annual revenue. led the launch the game the markets europe and latin america. playkey service with his direct participation the period from october october increased revenue vladimir shestakov development team leader (linkedin) vladimir leads the billing, game server and client development teams. also engaged architectural development and participates the development network protocols, cross-platform client, and game server. for more than years has been working the sphere cloud technologies. started his career developer, worked fullstack developer, moved ++, and later headed team people. now, manages teams people. has been working software development for more than years. max kudymov playkey product owner max responsible for decisions how the playkey product will develop. spent years developing his skills product management, positive unit economy development and cohort analytics. before playkey, max has been lead developer online game republic life. advisors georgy dobrodeev epic games marketing director (linkedin) epic games, inc. (formerly potomac computer systems and later epic megagames, inc.) american video game development company based cary, north carolina, partially owned tencent. founded best known for the development the unreal engine technology, which has powered its in-house unreal, gears war, and infinity blade series well many other games, and has been awarded guinness world records "the most successful video game engine" the world. headquarter: cary, nc, usa alexander agapitov xsolla founder ceo (linkedin) xsolla video games industry company, providing game developers and publishers with payment, billing, distribution, and marketing tools. xsolla headquartered the us, and has offices south korea, russia and ukraine. companies using the service include valve, twitch. tv, aeria games, bigpoint games, gameforge, ankama games, gaijin entertainment, goodgame studios, snail games, and many others. headquarter: los angeles, ca, usa dillon seo (linkedin) dillon serial entrepreneur and ceo company named voler creative. the company founded dillon and currently working project involving artificial intelligence, machine learning, speech recognition and virtual reality. previously, joined oculus vr, the virtual reality head mounted display manufacturer and the virtual reality content ecosystem builder, co-founder and served the company country manager for oculus korea until the company was acquired facebook for billion usd during his role country manager, managed the basic company operation, business development and content sourcing along with business partner relationship management. peter zhalov former marketing advertising and financial operations wargaming.net, blockchain and esports enthusiast (linkedin) peter developed initial marketing strategy wargaming one the biggest gaming publishers the world. peter experienced gaming industry veteran, also took part skincoin ico with $m+ crowd sales results. peter will help playkey with marketing and product strategy. reuben godfrey co-founder the blockchain association ireland (linkedin) reuben has worked sales, business development, finance and operations roles for major multinationals and start-ups the tech, telecom and pharmaceutical industries globally. has worked journalist and frequently interviewed and asked for comment tech and mainstream media well speaking and hosting seminars and conferences and advisor numerous successful ico's. co-founder the blockchain association ireland and the irish chamber commerce slovakia and the nsai national mirror committee iso arseniy strizhenok co-founder and managing partner blockchainuniversity.io co-founder and cmo blockletter.co ico advisor latoken, ex-sonm (linkedin) experienced cryptocurrency, blockchain expert and enthusiast. international experience and deep skills the cryptocurrency, blockchain and start-up development. involved multiple successful start-ups, advisor international crypto-media resources. albert castellana (linkedin) member council, nem.io foundation albert serial entrepreneur with computer science background, blockchain innovation specialist. currently the member council nem.io foundation, ceo atraura, chair atraura blockchain and vice dean innovation and entrepreneurship coeinf. michael kim ceo and founder coininside (linkedin) michael has worked multinational game and companies like electronic arts, microsoft, blizzard, wargaming and havok. successfully took various responsibilities marketing, sales, business development and managment position for more than years. established private company called goplay jump into cryptocurrency industry and about launch coin service platform called coininside korea. miko matsumura ico advisor, investor, speaker. pantera capital and founder, evercoin exchange (linkedin) miko matsumura founded crypto exchange evercoin, and limited partner with the pantera capital ico fund ico-only fund). personally invested filecoin, brave, civic, propy and lyft. chief evangelist for the java language and platform participated the first wave the internet, and now fully engaged the crypto-fueled internet value. year operating exec silicon valley, has raised over million capital for open source startups. currently advises cryptocurrency startups like wificoin, guardian circle (decentralized global emergency services) and hub (decentralizing professional social networking). also with focus ventures, firm with over under management, ipos and exits. holds master's degree neuroscience from yale university where worked abstract computational neural networks. he's leads the crypto underground meetup san francisco and speaker the upcoming token fest, keynoting iconference nyc, blockchain life st. petersburg russia, global blockchain summit, the future money summit, and coin agenda las vegas. david carlson founder ceo gigawatt, inc. (linkedin) software engineer and entrepreneur. years ceo and founder megabigpower, one the largest single-operator mining facilities the world. lead ico advisors salarian capital evgeny lvov evgeny shkolun ilya glaz yrin ivan akharov nickolay antipushin legal partner platform partner legal disclaimer this pre-final version the document and made available the public for informational purposes only. nothing this document shall construed offer enter into any transaction with any the companies individuals mentioned herein. nothing this document considered advice, consultation recommendation, and shall not relied upon such any person. any action taken any person reliance this document made them their own risk and based their own assessment, and playkey and their affiliated parties shall not bear any liability for the consequences such actions. comprehensive terms and conditions acquisition pkt will made available the final version the present document. thank you