white paper page version glossary introduction global gaming and cryptocurrency markets global market esports market live game streaming and vod market markets playlive will operate setting the scene general principles and problem-solving philosophy interaction playlive platform earning opportunities for platform users constructor esports content advertising the platform level coin the fuel that powers the platform features playlive platform. the first project based level chain the platform crowdfunding system platform escrow service for esports tournaments organizers totalizator for esports tournaments donation system contribution the broadcasts favorite streamers tasks for the streamers peer peer cdn level chain blockchain main participants playlive platform design the luc token and its application within playlive project sources revenue generation within the platform project team roadmap playlive playlive token sale specifics and level coin token features token sale stages summary disclaimer public sources information white paper page glossary betting wagering the outcome esports event with coefficient. content (esports) application esports the term 'content' stands for stream broadcasts daily reward pool the part playlive economy which determines the reward equivalent received user for making contribution performing actions within the platform. dpos delegated proof stake. leverages the power stakeholder approval voting resolve consensus issues fair and democratic way donation voluntary reward from viewer streamer. esports form competition that facilitated electronic systems, particularly video games, and which forms major part the gaming industry. gambling games which the winning outcome completely large extent depends not the art playing, but the randomness. level coin playlive platform utility tokens which provide means payment for the goods and services available the platform. level chain decentralized blockchain system for streaming, gaming and esports projects. revenue sharing model model sharing part the revenue with partner. streaming online media simultaneously recorded and broadcast real time the viewer. totalizator type betting without coefficient. the system tasks system which viewers stream can assign various tasks streamer and vice versa. vod video demand white paper page introduction video games and esports markets, representing the largest part the global gaming industry, have started attract the attention not only their core audience (gamers), but also crypto community. the global market for video games has already surpassed that the film industry, topping this should not surprising given that the funds required develop and release video game often par with the budget hollywood blockbuster. the same time, the tremendous growth cryptocurrencies and dissemination blockchain technology suggests that there are opportunities unite esports entertainment with blockchain-based solution. this would address number inefficiencies and offer unique advantages over conventional streaming platforms, whose features have remained virtually unchanged over time. date, more than gaming industry projects have been launched that make use blockchain technology, which just fraction the vast number token sales being launched daily, figure which now exceeds month. evident that there gap the market for project that can unite blockchain with the gaming industry create solution that benefits all parties. playlive has the potential become trailblazer this emerging market and establish major presence before other enterprises emerge the space. playlive the first full-blown decentralized streaming platform for gamers and esports fans based upon blockchain technology, playlive introduces unique mixture interactive features and monetizing tools, currently unavailable existing streaming platforms. the further development playlive's level chain the basis graphene fork allows create the ultimate end-to-end solution for streamers, gamers and esports fans covering all their needs, and also providing the key advantages blockchain technology such speed, transparency and availability. white paper page the esports market valued for and growing rapidly, with huge numbers tournament views stemming from broadcasts the most popular streamers. these numbers already exceed those the world's most popular sports events such nba and mlb. traditional sports clubs such barcelona, manchester united and galatasaray have been swift recognize the potential esports and have already acquired number esports teams. twitch.tv and youtube gaming are two the highest profile streaming platforms have emerged dedicated the esports and video games markets, with the former sold for amazon less than four years ago. with extensive experience the esports industry and deep understanding blockchain technologies and their potential, have decided focus building full-blown ecosystem for gamers. playlive streaming platform has been created the basis decentralization principles. one its unique functions the ability for any participant influence the content generation process within the platform that allows personally impact all stages content generation. other words, not only can the spectator watch the stream, but they can also act content creators. top that, any participant the ecosystem has opportunity earn rewards. that approach the antithesis that offered existing streaming platforms, where the viewer obligated spend funds various activities and where their role content creation constrained non-existent. playlive token sale expected attract the seed user base the project, which constitutes the critical mass users required get the platform and running. the growth the user base facilitated streaming service featuring video broadcasts gaming and esports content, which the core function playlive. implementation blockchain technology allows attract content and service providers with access the user base. the number cryptocurrency users the world still relatively low (tentatively cryptocurrency wallets), while the monthly audience twitch.tv unique users. conceivable that least these users become cryptocurrency holders. gamers are regarded the most tech-savvy segment and mobile users, and plausible assume that they will find easy make the transition from fiat money cryptocurrency, many already have. primary concern when creating ecosystem for gamers using blockchain technology setting internal economy similar the way countries issue money that pegged the value created their residents. similarly, blockchain systems issue cryptocurrency, which pegged the value the businesses built around these systems and the belief holders its growth. playlive, our goal build full-blown ecosystem for all gamers and esports fans that allowing any third-party projects and developers freely integrate with the platform via api. white paper page global gaming and cryptocurrency markets below are the most up-to-date figures for the markets where playlive project anticipated operate in. global market according forecasts, the revenue the gaming industry will reach billion and will reach the billion mark. white paper page the following excerpts are from superdata study: people around the world tune sites like twitch.tv and youtube for content about their favorite games. taking into account the monthly active users twitch.tv and the total live broadcast, this audience substantial. the same time, data from the chinese market are not included the calculation, which significantly exceeds other regions terms viewership. esports one the fastest growing tech markets, with only technology market outpacing it. esports market esports one the most dynamically developing segments the gaming industry. the market expected reach billion. live game streaming and vod market gaming and esports have opened new channels communication for viewers such streaming and broadcasting platforms for gamers. white paper page according superdata, live game content and vod will generate billion revenue. twitch was acquired amazon for and present the industry leader. gaming and esports streaming markets have huge growth potential. interestingly, twitch.tv has been market leader both gaming and esports sectors, accounting for the global gaming market share according various estimates. in-depth market review the gaming and esports markets can found separate document (market overview) that also contains overview the following markets: market for trading in-game items, betting and gambling white paper page the global cryptocurrency market the market markets playlive will operate facilitating diverse features for global gaming audience, playlive operates all markets reviewed the previous section. diversification allows playlive become trailblazer various market segments facilitating opportunity-driven approach. therefore, playlive operates the following markets: esports and gaming, betting and external items exchange, live and vod broadcasting the game content, orientation the various markets provides numerous sources revenue generation. white paper page playlive introduces the brand-new streaming platform for gamers with several functional modules that provide users with completely new level virtual interaction. diversified functionality playlive platform significant advantage for the developing markets operates in. growth projections for playlive platform estimate tentatively unique users per month the end the first year operations after the product launched. each user registered the system has cryptocurrency wallet powered level coin (luc) token, the fuel that facilitates monetization opportunities for all users, from streamers viewers. white paper page setting the scene the emergence platforms such twitch.tv has opened new market live broadcasting and given huge impetus the development the esports industry. the data gaming and esports markets compared that traditional sports markets outlined the previous sections indicate that the foreseeable future, people will watch more esports broadcasts than traditional sports events. despite the substantial growth esports, streaming platforms have scarcely changed the last five years, with little the way innovation enhance interaction between users and streamer. playlive platform provides comprehensive solution for streamers and viewers, eliminating the following weaknesses existing streaming platforms: limited opportunities for users and streamers interact and personalization options. restriction users the ability earn from their hobbies. advertising persistent and usually there option disable it. the users are frustrated with the advertising and try avoid any possible way. every user who wishes stream their game and earn from this action cannot regular basis, while they expect start earning money just after the registration the system and wish have more tools monetize their streams better. white paper page users streaming platforms expect greater level interaction and personalization the current stage video game and esports market development, fueled the emergence platforms such twitch.tv, has become obvious that gamers can and wish more than mere viewers. the amount money gamers spend donations their favorite streamers equates hundreds millions dollars per year. the primary motivation for such donations attract the attention favorite streamer and support them. there clearly use case for platform similar twitch.tv that can offer viewers new level interactivity. playlive the full-blown platform such scale, facilitating numerous ways interaction between streamer and viewer including bilateral system tasks, enhanced content generation process and many others. compared the simplistic chat communication and donation options provided the existing platforms, real step forward terms interaction. playlive opens possibilities for monetizing the streamers' content, which leads better quality entertainment and interaction for users. users not want just observers they want earn from their hobby existing streaming platforms leave user obligated spend money certain activities within the platform. these platforms also profit from advertising placements, which are often displayed the irrelevant audience. some regions, the use ads blocking software estimated reach introduction opportunity earn from watching advertising expected lower that percentage well increase the loyalty the users. users want independently select/create content the platform passive watching streams tournaments longer interesting. good example the amount fees from ticket sales the international dota championship, where the viewers watched the championship spectators mode via the game client (valve total revenue was and ebitda reached $m). other words, users were the creators the stream. there clearly case for providing gamers and esports fans with tool that enables them not only donate, but also construct the content they wish see. this next level interaction includes the possibility choose the board commentators, decide the outcome the match and much more. white paper page users eschew advertising the proliferation ads blocking tools platforms similar twitch.tv extremely high. gamers are frustrated with the advertising and try avoid any way thus, time for the new solution allowing users choose the way watching advertisement. cryptocurrencies need access the mass market due the emerging status esports and the light regulatory environment, which mirrors that cryptocurrencies, there opportunity for gamers and cryptocurrency holders establish interactive entertainment market. once playlive platform established, expected that influx users will serve increase the number cryptocurrency adopters. streamers want start earning instantly streamers not have wait accrue certain number streamed hours and impressions start monetizing their actions they can start earning from their first stream. streamers also want able instantly withdraw and spend money they had earned without filling out application forms and submitting proof id. obviously, streamers would marvel the opportunity monetize their hobby diverse ways. white paper page general principles and problem-solving philosophy playlive team combine years experience working with such streaming platforms twitch.tv, azubu.tv, hitbox.tv, boom.tv and youtube gaming. playlive platform boasts significantly higher level interactivity due the use blockchain. our solution changes the rules the game the streaming market, giving the opportunity earn not only for streamer, but also for viewer. playlive platform introduces the fullblown ecosystem for esports and gaming with deep focus content generation and practical needs the streamers, while most crypto projects esports and gaming address the specific narrow solutions resolving some momentary issues current state esports market. thus, playlive does not compete with most existing crypto projects esports and gaming. the other hand, playlive able add new products and partners into the ecosystem, and offer them the ability interact directly with the users level chain. white paper page the philosophy playlive hinges the principles freedom and scaling interaction between viewers and streamers with the aid blockchain technology. the economic model the platform one that empowers streamers and users determine the type content, the way displayed and, most importantly, its monetization type. the main functions playlive platform are the implementation and maintenance technical functionality along with other areas participation. the interaction streamers and users direct and transparent due the use blockchain technology. the dpos consensus algorithm allows this implemented the platform, the application which elaborated the section devoted the economic model. effectively, all users the platform incur costs (for example, streamers can purchase promotion the ratings the main page, users pay for premium subscription etc.), but the same time everyone can earn luc including the viewers. interaction playlive platform playlive team have been able design and develop cutting-edge system interaction between viewers and streamers thanks the technology that the blockchain provides. this includes: advanced system tasks, from viewers streamers betting system carried out while watching esports tournaments white paper page voting playlive platform with luc tokens, any user can set the price for performing specific task for their favorite streamers. examples include challenging the streamer complete the game the hardest difficulty level, keep streaming for five hours start stream different game etc. any other user can support the tasks with luc assign their own task. streamer can perform all tasks and receive all tokens perform some them and receive less. likewise, users can bet their favorite team with luc real time the streaming platform while watching tournaments. the consensus performing tasks and confirmation streamer's actions carried out collective voting during the course the stream broadcast. most actively involved users receive rewards luc. this allows for gamification the entire platform; the more actively users participate various activities, the more tokens they earn. more information about this and other features can found the section devoted key features the platform. earning opportunities for platform users for the first time streaming platform allows not only streamers earn, but also viewers. particular, users are able earn from: advertising: for each impression shown certain number tokens transferred the user voting and other kinds contribution the platform: the provision consensus certain actions encouraged via various rewards sharing its internet channel via model allowing the streams broadcast other users. performing tasks set streamers betting and gambling: user able place bet and win luc while watching esports tournament the platform are determined introduce more earning possibilities for viewers the future. the streamers are able earn ways compared currently available for them the existing streaming platforms. white paper page revenue streams playliv twitch youtube gaming advertising channel subscriptions sale distinction badges the platform donations interactive tasks for streamers crowdfunding for streams totalizator betting exchange for drawing prizes purchasing games partner services rewards for activity within the platform vital understand that the goal playlive ecosystem create favorable conditions within the platform for streamers that they would like transfer their fan base from the existing streaming platforms, attracting seed audience the platform. plan achieve this goal not only implementing set new features, which would provide for increased earning opportunities for streamer, but also allowing them edit the parameters the economy (for example, allowing choose subscription fees rates percentage revenue from advertising gone viewers). other words, provide opportunity freely control numerous economic parameters that govern interaction between streamer and viewer. thus, the steamer can fine-tune the parameters the economy the most suitable way for their audience. playlive platform acts technological backbone that facilitates their interaction thanks blockchain technology aimed provide transparency and interactivity. white paper page constructor esports content the international championship mentioned previously example direct involvement construction esports content users. the entire prize fund and costs hosting the world championship for the game dota were covered the purchase internal virtual tickets, the fees from which amounted million. different stages collected fees resulted various bonuses for players who were incentivized help raise more money. imagine arbitrary project within playlive platform providing opportunity for users vote with luc tokens for the creation content (show matches with wellknown esports teams, esports championships, fan shows and fan matches esports stars including the most popular streamers etc). the partners the platform such streamers and tournament operators then implement and endeavor accomplish the requests. conversely, tournament organizers who wish create new tournament format and broadcast but lack sufficient funds can place their championship playlive platform and collect the needed money. playlive would essentially serve esports kickstarter enabling interested parties raise funds and broadcast the resulting action the platform for the benefit all contributors. users who have voted implement certain types content the platform are able decide key metrics (format and timing, desired commentators and other parameters) and receive various benefits and perks during the broadcast thanks the developed system gamification. playlive provides unique opportunity for broadcast organizers, streamers and tournament operators place content according the desires and interests their target audience, maximizing the prospects user engagement and retention. advertising the platform decisions regarding the display advertising and its parameters (frequency, positioning during the broadcast, duration) are completely left the discretion the streamer. the streamer may specify video ads with the ability for viewers skip the content, limit the maximum time the commercial, position videos the beginning the broadcast during breaks only and compete for their viewers. the same time, viewers understand that watching the advertising they directly support their favorite streamer and the platform, which facilitates their entertainment. similar brave project with its basic attention token, playlive hosts mechanism for partial sharing advertising revenue between platform users, which allows each individual receive portion the revenue from advertising and watch the most relevant and useful ads based their preferences. this obviates the need for adblocking software, for users have obligation watch advertising. white paper page moreover, playlive can boast advanced referral system work with esports publishers. they are able craft their marketing campaigns fine-tuning them according the functionality offered playlive. turn, streamers are the ones who will implement these campaigns. level coin the fuel that powers the platform gamers are natural audience adopt and benefit from the advantages that cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology can offer. these include: the ability start earning streamer instantly, receiving luc from the very first broadcasts. there need pass certain viewing threshold, fill out multipage forms receive money, and endure lengthy waiting period before funds are transferred the streamer's bank account. any coin received for viewing ads, won the totalizator purchased any other way can transferred, spent exchanged for fiat currency any other cryptocurrency thanks gateway/api, which will allow make transactions between the users convenient. fast transactions and low fees. the future luc expected used not only within playlive ecosystem, but also other projects created the basis level chain. free conversion luc cryptocurrencies that may provided other gaming playlive product unique the following aspects: regular user able earn ways minimum which considerable advantage conventional streaming platforms that have embedded blockchain system. streamer able earn ways versus regular ones offered the existing run-of-the-mill solutions. the platform profits from revenue streams compared that are available for traditional streaming platforms. services users registered playlive system automatically become holders cryptocurrency, helping further grow the crypto community. white paper page features playlive platform. the first project based level chain playlive utilizes number technological solutions implement all the desired features. all transactions pertaining level coin tokens are executed and confirmed via the level chain blockchain. this section, elaborate some the features playlive platform greater detail. the platform anticipated ultimately host more than functional modules for users, which could generate revenue for users and the same time provide opportunity spend earned tokens within the platform. favor the possibility adding new functional modules the development process plan interact with the community all stages the project and solicit the feedback both streamers and viewers. the platform crowdfunding system the general logic this feature depicted the diagram. system voting with luc for streams implemented the platform. shown the diagram, three platform users want watch the showmatch the fnatic team versus the astralis team. they participate newly-created section the voting system where, similar dota compendium, they purchase internal tickets for this championship that provides them with various benefits: privileged status the broadcast white paper page special features chat opportunity claim increased percentage revenue from any advertising placed inside the championship the ability choose properties the championship (location, commentators and others) additional bonuses within the platform special digital gifts from the organizers interactions with participating teams the course voting (via donations) for particular championship other content, users are provided with opportunity construct the content according their desires. for example, they can dictate the board commentators, the format the meeting and even the locations provided that sufficient level funds has been collected. partners playlive platform are charge the arrangement these championships and other types content. funds can collected for large number events simultaneously. this could one large annual championship regular monthly and even weekly championships. users can choose the format events they want support. the crowdfunding system caters not only for creating esports content, but also for the streamers who lack the required funds launch broadcast. platform escrow service for esports tournaments organizers white paper page esports, problems often arise with the payment prize funds instances where the organizers arranging championship delay payment not pay any all. playlive platform solves this problem with the use blockchain technology. moreover, the tournament operator can receive additional funding for their championship, showmatch any other streaming event they launch the project playlive. however, cases where they desire additional means audience incentivization, the platform will facilitate additional goals set according the funds raised. example, tournament operator manages collect for running championship but needs additional funding. sends fiat money through the gateway/api the platform and transfers the operations fund. next, obtains additional luc from the users the platform. afterwards, upon reaching funding goal, the funds flow the escrow system level chain. upon ending the championship and confirmation (if required) its results users, the prize distributed the crypto wallets users according their contribution. totalizator for esports tournaments white paper page playlive platform broadcasts various esports content allowing users bet the totalizator directly the platform live mode. users have made bets either team team case bets the outcome the whole match, they must made prior the start the match. the match broadcast live mode, bets are made real time. the platform charges small commission for each bet made. the result confirmed the tournament operator. our example, team overtook team the tokens were returned the users who had bet team with less platform commission. these users also received tokens the users who had bet team proportion. the mechanism for betting also linked the time placement live bets actions during the match (for example which team made the first firstblood headshot.) also possible exchange in-game items for luc tokens order place bets. this feature enhances the interactivity the platform when viewing any esports match. white paper page donation system playlive offers system donations, inspired the model that used existing platforms. thanks the deployment this feature the level chain blockchain, are able revamp the traditional donation system. the updated system has: transparency for all participants for the purpose honest fundraising streamer able order dump data users who previously made donations and reward them his discretion. contribution the broadcasts favorite streamers the platform implements feature for contributing the broadcast streamer real time. for example, users are able "like" the broadcast their favorite streamers, rate and upvote the process, increasing its visibility the platform. coupled with other ways contributing broadcasts, serves reward users from the daily reward pool which built into the platform. thus, users who actively contribute the platform are rewarded the form luc tokens tasks for the streamers conceivable that this feature will warmly welcomed the users due thoroughly-crafted logic interaction all layers the platform well blockchain system with dpos consensus mechanism. white paper page the example below the figures are arbitrary and serve solely demonstrate the mechanics the tasks assignment. the resulting figures the stakes the revenue sharing model will fixed with the release beta version the platform. the stakes for the basic revenue sources will fine-tuned according the interests the users. new features playlive intends implement after consulting with lawyers, collecting user feedback and running tests will have stakes fine-tuned cater for the users the system. several users want assign various tasks their favorite streamer once. our example, out users made their choices for task the streamer decided perform only the task which was voted for the majority the users luc were allocated). fact, the user 'purchases' some action from the streamer since the system holds the coins the user before the streamer actually finishes this task. tokens are returned the users who voted for tasks and case streamer did not choose these tasks the streamer completed the task and confirmed its execution. according the revenue sharing model, platform received luc revenue the example and the streamer gained luc reward. picture below depicts how the streamers' performance confirmed the users. white paper page upon finishing task the streamer confirms its execution. users the stream (those who participated with tokens the tasks and those who did not participate and just watched the stream) vote and confirm the action the streamer. they receive reward for their activity from the daily reward pool the platform and the discretion the streamer can allocate pool rewards from the collected funds, our example luc. case more the users the votes pool confirm finishing the task, the streamer receives reward. the streamer has not completed the task, the funds are returned users and the streamer may subject penalties. case users deliberately placed faulty votes, oracle invited settle the dispute, and this fact recognized the oracle, users the system will penalized. this example demonstrates how collective actions the users contribute the interaction during the stream. white paper page peer peer cdn deployment cdn service the platform contributes the cost optimization playlive existing streaming platforms rely centralized solutions. the users the platform will rewarded for sharing their internet channel via network. blockchain level chain allows implement this decision and thus lower the expenditures the project. effectively, establishing decentralized cdn service will allow every user earn luc without the need perform many actions merely sharing part their computer resources with others. white paper page level chain blockchain level chain utilizes decentralized autonomous governance model. forms blockchain ecosystem for streaming and gaming projects, with level coin allowing for settlements within the system. playlive platform the first project launch, contributing the network's development and attracting streamers and viewers. the key goal establish system that transparent, userfriendly and most importantly has value, providing set features for users that beyond those offered existing streaming platforms. level chain not competitor existing platforms. rather, decentralized suite tools that can used these platforms jointly bring value the decentralized economy. over time, development level chain ramps up, expect launch other gaming and esports services attract existing centralized market players. aim develop solution that indistinguishable from that the existing platforms terms user-friendliness. the project deployed the graphene platform, third-generation software with cryptographic protection and sustainable decentralized data registry. graphene can handle large amounts data providing privacy and high speed confirmation well signature transactions. use level chain provides high security due to: decentralized storage white paper page immutable data records transaction anonymity three stages (sender, transaction, recipient) are building interaction system based the delegated proof stake (dpos) consensus algorithm. development the platform, selection community members, witnesses and management team level chain are determined the holders the underlying asset level coin, which standard for dpos. witnesses confirm the transactions and ensure network security. randomly selected witness every three seconds produces one block data the blockchain. finalization occurs after confirmation block producers. all blocks are confirmed the witnesses and all witnesses store full chain blocks. members the community propose changes the key parameters the blockchain such commission, time block production and others. members the community decide the management team members and witnesses behalf the holders level coin. the management team performs operational management, development and maintenance level chain. this solution allows streamers and viewers who hold large amounts luc become witnesses and even members the community, allowing directly influence the performance the project and future developments. important advantage white paper page using such consensus algorithm that block producers are not able control the network due the presence witnesses and the community members. thanks graphene technology, expect reach speed transactions level chain exceeding tps, which hundreds times faster than the bitcoin and ethereum networks. main participants playlive platform the platform serves 'graphical wrapping' around blockchain api, easing user interaction with blockchain and allowing for broadcasting streams since the decentralized storage and broadcasting such huge amount heavy content has proven economically infeasible. streamers use platforms for broadcasting streams and for monetization their and others' time and attention. interaction between viewers and streamers brings integrity and value the platform. viewers consume content, comment and vote for it. daily rewards for viewers dependent the amount their luc and the quality their curation (whether they vote for popular streams, vote accordance with the streamer's actions and perform other actions that require consensus general vote). for example, user who has more luc receives greater reward voting the confirmation streamer's actions. viewers buy luc token spend one ways, and also receive more influence the distribution the reward pool and obtain larger reward during voting and other activities the platform. moderators can also selected the voting system otherwise case disputed situation cannot resolved voting. white paper page design the luc token and its application within playlive project level coin token provides the means payment inside playlive platform. are establishing easy conversion mechanism other cryptocurrencies fiat money luc via gateway/api. better understand the interaction between all participants the system and their mutual settlements level chain, will review the economy the project. anticipate that the economy model will launched after the release open version the project, the example below, the figures are arbitrary and demonstrate the process buying premium subscription the streamer's channel. the resulting figures the revenue sharing model will fixed following the release beta version the platform. the stakes for the basic revenue sources will fine-tuned according the interests the users. new features playlive intends implement after consulting with lawyers, collecting user feedback and running tests will have stakes catered for the interests the users the system the first place. white paper page comments regarding the diagram: step the user the platform has (visa/ mastercard paypal card another fiat payment system) and wants either pay for service the platform interact with streamer make contribution any kind. they send gateway/api and immediately receive luc the current weighted average market rate less small gateway commission. the transaction takes place instantly due the use tokens from the operations fund, where there always sufficient amount tokens enable transactions. step the external gateway through the gateway/api turn may 'borrowed' luc from the operations funds and must return back full, may buy tokens open market once and such tokens will available for purchase. this manner, possible and reasonably expected increase tokens' demand maintained within the platform. maintain technology process for using the platform, after the tokens are bought the open market, any, gateway/api returns them the operations funds. step after the user receives their luc, they can spend any available ways. afterwards, luc start get distributed the system. white paper page the tokens from gross revenue the platform are eliminated luc). further, the tokens luc) are reserved for the daily reward pool and are reserved sustain level chain functioning luc). the revenue tokens luc) flows the operations fund, which can used the management team enhance the platform and roll out marketing activities. total, playlive revenue luc) distributed. streamer receives their amount tokens luc this example. the stake luc received streamer, platform and viewer (when applicable) determined separately each case dependent the type action. thus, streamers the system are interested user loyalty and are not interested violating the rules deceiving other participants. users likewise bring value the system. the platform endeavors motivate streamers retain tokens within the platform via providing the following benefits: offering larger rewards due dpos. deploying spending mechanism within the system promote their channels and purchase prizes for contests. allocating luc systems analogous the bancor protocol. white paper page sources revenue generation within the platform playlive introduces the following key methods revenue generation within the ecosystem utilizing luc tokens: subscriptions the streamer's channel all users can watch any broadcast for free and with limitations. but only those who subscribed the channel are provided with additional privileges (the list expanded): the event large number viewers the stream, the subscribers only mode can enabled that only those who had purchased subscription can chat. subscribers can use exclusive emoticons and chat icons well other distinctive elements that are integrated into the platform. valuable prizes (mice, keyboards and other peripherals) are distributed subscribers only mode during tournaments that only users who had purchased subscription can participate. there also access other exclusive features that the channel owner provides for subscribers. the platform shares this revenue according the revenue sharing model that has been agreed with the streamer. donations during the stream, users transfer tokens the streamer demonstrate support and also for the streamer read out special messages from the viewers. special software can read out the messages prepared users and donations mechanism can used receive exclusive messages any other rewards from the steamer agreed the parties. the platform shares this revenue according the revenue sharing model agreed with the streamer, with the majority going the streamer and playlive charging small commission. white paper page totalizator esports events during streams esports events that are broadcast the platform, viewers are allowed bet with luc tokens their favorite team before the start the match, being able compete against opponents their team. bets are made real time before the start the event. this way, users independently establish betting coefficient. this model comprises system bets that can placed the user's favorite team where there third party such bookmaker involved. the platform charges commission from every match which the bets are placed. assigning the streamer task during the stream prior its beginning, viewers can assign tasks the streamer (for example, stream for five hours; stream another game; pass the game certain level difficulty; perform any other game non-game action), voting with luc. the audience monitor the popularity the tasks suggested other users. the streamers then decide whether they perform one more tasks and then proceed enact them. the platform shares this revenue according the revenue sharing model with the streamer. tasks from the streamer users streamers can assign tasks users, who perform them. the reward distributed the form luc tokens and the platform charges small commission. creating content the platform viewers can vote with tokens create content which then broadcast the platform. the system presents multi-level voting system (with luc tokens), which carried out several stages. rewards are distributed users upon reaching different collection stages. the platform shares this revenue according the revenue sharing model with the tournament operator, which arranges the tournament according the criteria suggested the users, with streamer who makes special show/content regarding the criteria specified users the time voting. white paper page promotion the broadcasts favorite streamer viewers can vote with luc promote their favorite streamer that they appear higher the main page and various categories. this revenue goes playlive platform. however, out the total volume tokens purchased from the open market according the economic model mechanism, portion shall distributed users who actively vote with their tokens for promotion the streamers. white paper page betting and gambling betting integral part esports. playlive publishes the coefficients from different bookmakers (which provide their api for integration into the platform and agree accept luc means payment for these types bets). users can wager several betting websites simultaneously while watching the stream broadcast without the need actually visit these websites. after bets have been approved bookmakers via api, users will redirected their websites. bets are placed luc and earnings are formed according the model revenue sharing with bookmakers. purchasing games partner services this feature suggests ability purchase any games that are streamed the platform real time. the earnings are formed according the revenue sharing model with entities that sell games and agree receive luc means payment. duels between players viewers can watch the stream and then challenge each other the chat for any reason. bet placed the form tokens. affected other viewers the chat public call action), another viewer can respond accepting the bet. the platform redirects them services like firstblood.io where users play the game face face. the earnings are formed according the model for sharing the proceeds from bets placed with the partner service. marketplace with prizes from advertisers the platform receives prizes and gifts from advertisers who propose streamers run marketing campaigns with certain coverage level. marketplace established within the platform where they can find marketing materials (prizes) promote their channel. playlive receives prizes from advertisers free charge. the streamers distribute prizes provided during their broadcasts. the same time, streamers are obliged provide certain level media coverage during their broadcasts use prizes for channel promotion. white paper page premium subscriptions premium subscriptions allow for several enhanced options such receiving special gifts from the publishers gaining access exclusive broadcasts. users with premium subscriptions are also denoted such the platform. the platform shares this revenue according the revenue sharing model with the streamer. advertising consistent with our philosophy, have implemented the opportunity fully enable/ disable advertising well other special features the discretion the viewer. the streamers turn motivate users enable it. pre roll, mid roll, post roll advertising the classic model showing commercials before, the middle the end the broadcast. streamer can place any number commercials their streams. banners are positioned various places the platform, allowing campaigns run with classic cpa cpm models well option for branding the main page. playlive features the referral system work with publishers that will allow streamer run comprehensive marketing campaigns that will suggested the publishers with transparent performance tracking system all stages. the platform shares this revenue according the revenue sharing model with the streamer. sale badges rank the platform emoticons, chat badges and other distinctive features for users are available the chat during streams. the platform shares this revenue according the revenue sharing model with streamer. white paper page hard recall another crypto project that features whole ways token usage. plausible that aligned with the growth seed users the platform, this will provide possible stimulus the increased demand luc. cdn due the deployment cdn service the platform, the content distributed via the users' pcs/laptops/gadgets allowing for reduction cdn maintenance costs that the platform accrues. the platform rewards these users exchange for their contribution. therefore, deployment decentralized cdn service allows every user earn luc ease just sharing part their computer resources with others compared complexity cryptocurrency mining. the sections above describe sources revenue generation detail, providing demonstration use cases for luc tokens. playlive provides new level interactivity, leading influx unique users the platform, which may result the possible demand the tokens. fully understand that some users are not familiar comfortable with cryptocurrency, and thus demand the option paying for services and purchasing goods with fiat currency. for the ease users unfamiliar with cryptocurrencies, have established gateway/ api for third party providers for purchasing luc few clicks with credit/debit cards, e-wallets, banks transfers, and other popular fiat payment systems. the users are able exchange popular cryptocurrencies for luc through the gateway/api without the need switch the cryptocurrency exchange. consistent with the forecasts the number platform users, each new user's registration the platform reasonably results the increase the platform's demand community that may turn lead possible increase demand the luc inside the platform. turn, playlive obliged eliminate gross revenue, which conceptualized the economic model. white paper page mau (monthly active users) projections from the public release playlive: one the key advantages playlive the constant influx organic traffic the platform which often struggle for bc-oriented projects within the industry. this why have established solid interaction scheme between the platform, streamers and users. able instantly process and transfer tokens platform users, special operations funds will created provide stable supply luc comprising fixed percentage the total supply luc. the tokens allocated the operations funds are stored the blockchain until the release the beta version the platform. doing so, plan achieve another fundamental goal the platform: increasing the total number cryptocurrency holders the world through the use level chain. the concept broadly similar the logic behind steemit, where cryptocurrency wallet created with each registration the system. the luc gained platform's revenue allocated user rewards, distributed individuals who: rate the content streamers various ways: liking it, suggesting improvements, posting special comments etc vote the validity confirmation the tasks performed streamer vote for creation novel/unique content vote other controversial disputed situations make donations streamers white paper page become moderators: when certain luc balance reached, users are granted the status certified chat moderator and are able moderate communication and receive remuneration for this with the approval the channel owner. obtain chat moderator status, the total amount luc received for task completion reward during contests counted. this encourages users spend more time the platform. after reaching the breakeven point, anticipate that will eliminate the tokens from the project's profits. according our expectations, breakeven point will reached the beginning the second year after the public launch the project. this anticipated create additional value within the project and will act incentive for token-holders retain many luc the ecosystem possible. likewise plan implement several solutions analogous the bancor protocol for platform users, which will also provide incentive retain tokens. likewise, after the projects reaches break-even point, the project team can use the funds stored the operation fund their own discretion enhance the platform and roll out marketing activities. following the investment stage and the anticipated rapid growth the project, the funds received during the token sale will spent the development the platform and level chain foundation along with other initiatives. with the development blockchain technology and greater penetration cryptocurrency, foresee that some costs the project can incurred luc and reduced thanks the development decentralization technologies. such technologies include: development decentralized cdn which leads cutting one the largest costs payments for the delivery content the end user. further development the decentralized advertising market. reduction the cost heavy content storage (vod records) due the emergence large number decentralized cloud services. transcoding technologies thanks improved computer performance. these and other technologies might contribute the creation high-grade internal economy further fuel the project. white paper page project team alexey burdyko ceo founder https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexey-burdyko experience esports exceeding years, one the trailblazers esports industry russia and cis. founder one the largest esports holdings russia and cis game show media holding valued ernst and young $,m. alexey held esports tournaments total including intercontinental esports showmatches. founder the tournament esports platform www.gsl.tv work experience with major streaming platforms twitch.tv, hitbox.tv, azubu.tv, mail.ru group (vk.com, ok.ru). dmitry kochnev coo https://www.linkedin.com/in/kochnev former director esports mail.ru group. managing director rambler.ru, the third biggest russian media portal. since dmitry acted coo gamenet, social network for gamers, and coo xsolla, payment solution for games. dmitry was business development astrum online entertainment, online game publisher, later acquired mail.ru group. dmitry received his m.sc. degree software engineering from saint petersburg state university. white paper page inna moroz cbdo https://www.linkedin.com/in/innamoroz former head co-branding and licensing global, head merchandize licensing global wargaming. years successful management experience, business development and marketing gaming industry including promotion, co-branding, deals origination and licensing. successful track record international publishing including esports. work experience in: wargaming, rovio, playnatic, buka, noviy disk. orhan zeynalli blockchain cto https://www.linkedin.com/in/orkhanzeynally-aa graphene-evangelist. solid experience developing projects blockchain industry bitshares and graphene platforms usa and europe. launched more than projects. launched projects blockchain industry: blockchain platform for travelers (mapala.net) cto co-founder smartdata for travel market (travelchain) cto cofounder blockchain advisor of: several blockchain traded funds cryptobank car marketplace blockchain creating machine-learning project (aigents) using blockchain social platforms steemit golos white paper page peidy hung business development director asia https://www.facebook.com/peidy.hung more than years the gaming and esports markets asia business development director asia game show, charge the launch and management more than projects asia experienced establishing cooperations with chinese partners such wca, vici gaming, lgd team, bluetv, newbee, team mvp etc. leads organization esports tournaments, negotiations with chinese game publishers and licensing the content. alexander kuznetsov lead developer (streaming core) cto rutube.ru the leading russian online video service co-founder and cto minutta leading video editing app social networks. cto inventos broadcasting for ntv+ co-founder and cto tvbit tv-like media streaming experience service from social news feeds white paper page maria mavrekh cmo https://www.linkedin.com/in/mariamavrekh-a/ deep expertise advertising and marketing for more than years. business development and implementation projects the largest video advertising operator eastern europe, video international focuses exclusively digital marketing and the development high-tech projects the field machine learning and the project team arb.digiltal drafted marketing strategies and implemented digital activities for major game publishers and esports online projects. denis shepetov lead developer https://www.linkedin.com/in/dshchepetov/ years experience. holds cto position hashwiz.io (https://beta.hashwiz.io) mining pool. leads the development and technical support department mspcontrol.org the product certified microsoft, used the governments dubai and argentina manage their infrastructure. manages the development and technical support feasy.me crm system for sales management. the current beta version used alibaba group. develops applications, sites, drivers and other panels and platforms, participates variety projects from the us, canada, australia, europe, south africa, southeast asia. white paper page vladislav arbatov head data analysis department more than years devoper led the development algorithms for real-time monitoring video streaming, recognition complex objects and filtering noisy video content the basis neural networks well research the analysis visual data low-earth orbit satellites and creation computer vision systems used the field security. one the creators the first search engines based semantic-linguistic analysis and information search the company infoscan under his leadership more than digital products have been created the fields web development, mobile applications for federal authorities and such brands papa john's, bayer, beiersdorf and others. alexey galizdra head smm and communications https://www.linkedin.com/in/galizdra/ deep expertise establishing social media channels from scratch, lead generation and media relations prominent ico projects with worldwide outreach (blackmoon crypto, wishfinance and others). advisor osa hybrid. more than years joint experience marketing and analytical roles from big- corporations developing startups. holds b.a. and m.a. project management from hse. white paper page sergey medvedev head legal https://www.facebook.com/profile.php? id= attorney-at-law, director vilgerts belarus advisory board can yang global business development imba tv, cbo team mvp https://www.linkedin.com/in/frandia/ can yang media and entertainment professional with over years experience. previously business development director streaming platform azubu.tv, which acquired hitbox.tv and launched streaming platform smashcast upon receiving private investments $m. can yang was responsible for establishing partnerships with content publishers and general development the platform. currently holds the position global business development chinese leading esports media company imba tv. can yang largely responsible for the overseas business development. can yang was well charge business development for the korean esports team team mvp white paper page david drake managing partner ldj fund investments https://www.linkedin.com/in/ldjcapital/ david drake, through his family office ldj capital, has acted investors with his partners fund-offunds, realty funds, venture capital funds hedge funds. mr. drake's investments currently have global directors that maintain relations with institutions family offices with trillion assets. mr. drake's access with investors maintained through his media asset, the soho loft media group, which has produced sponsored over finance conferences since like the events with institutional media leader thomson reuters sponsors from nasdaq, nyse, kkr, the carlyle group. ldj special situations partners have invested million alibaba palantir. victor martyn ceo and owner, gosugamers https://www.linkedin.com/in/victormartyn/ victor martyn was world champion for starcraft (the world's first esports professional). lived korea from and was the star player the first ever properly sponsored esports team the history the sport. owning gosugamers.net which currently the global esports media site projects will serve page views unique esports enthusiasts from around the world white paper page greg limon founder canada capital group inc https://www.linkedin.com/in/greg-limon-ab/ involved multiple business directions such medical, legal, real estate development, high tech, production, trading commodities, with partners had done successful ipos. founder canada capital group inc. co-founder planet partners london based accelerator/incubator consulting company advisor for the following ico projects: rocketico, cannasos, days.exchange stan milc co-founder, planet partners https://www.linkedin.com/in/stan-milc-/ generator ideas, able translate dreams into reality. with spirit and enthusiasm, inspire others and help form professional teams. i'm determined and never give up. strength the high results. years business developer and entrepreneur, founder and investor. business partner international projects caviar house canada capital group inc co-founder planet partners london based accelerator/incubator consulting company. ico advisor rocketico, cannasos white paper page anton arganovsky president, agranovsky ex. destiny development https://www.linkedin.com/in/anton-agranovskyb/ investor, expert, leader opinions the field establishment and development companies. member the board directors plastic media, smx communications. founder and president destiny development one the first gaming companies the russian internet market known for its products, and localizations. richard kastelein co-founder, cryptoassets design group https://www.linkedin.com/in/expathos/ founder industry publication blockchain news, partner ico services collective cryptoasset design group, director education company blockchain partners (oracle partner) and ico event organiser leading industry event cryptofinancing. richard kastelein award-winning publisher, innovation executive and entrepreneur. sits the advisory boards half dozen blockchain startups and has written over articles blockchain technology and startups blockchain news and has also published pioneering articles icos harvard business review and venturebeat. white paper page reuben godfrey advisor playkey https://www.linkedin.com/in/reubengodfrey-a/ blockchain association ireland, business development, atlantic region sonm: supercomputer organized network mining. sonm decentralized worldwide fog supercomputer for general purpose computing from site hosting scientific calculations. sonm company effective way solve worldwide problem creating multipurpose decentralized computational power market. advisor: good gold digital, latoken, ethersportz, hydrominer, confideal, bitindia blockchain exchange wallet, playkey pavel pogodin lawyer, phd legal support projects cryptocurrency industry: bankex, estatechainplatform, spacebit, blockverify and bitlegal. white paper page sally eaves forbes technology, cto, strategic adviser sally combines depth experience chief technology officer, practising professor emergent technology, founder and global strategic advisor, specialising the application disruptive technologies for business and societal benefit. member the forbes technology council, sally accomplished author with regular contributions leading business, technology and press publications including forbes, the times, cnn and cnbc, academic outlets and new book 'edge disruption'. egor vinogradov ceo safebox professional investor with finance background. founder and ceo investment company with solid turnover the russian bonds market (top- the country). handles projects related underwriting and bonds emission. alma mater: boston university, msu, mgimo. experienced cryptocurrency trader managing portfolios hnwis. founder and general manager masternodes fund white paper page hwang ceo foundationx crypto fund, co-founder partner futureplay inc. dr. hwang serial entrepreneur, investor and inventor. partner futureplay inc, top-tier start-up accelerator south korea and leads blockchain funds. co-founded several startups and last one was acquired samsung electronics. has won numerous awards, including the technology award, the creative invention award and the iam world's leading strategists also angel investor and advisor various start-ups. georgy lagoda ceo sec consult services llc sec consult the leading company the field information security europe and the apac countries the company certified according iso and crest. addition, sec consult member owasp. sec consult figures: projects per year great experience financial and insurance industry, including banking and insurance included the top europe and asia, well the central bank europe, the moscow stock exchange, etc. white paper page playlive token sale specifics and level coin token features the table below depicts the anticipated distribution luc tokens. maximum ,,, erc-compliant tokens can created distributed the course the token sale after sending the funds the valid smart-contract address. tokens that are not distributed during the token sale will not created and the additional emission luc tokens will not initiated. the resulting amount tokens issued will announced upon the end the token sale. the distribution token sale proceedings presented below applies any amount collected funds regardless its size. the erc-compatible token level coin will distributed during the token sale. following the release level chain, playlive anticipates exchanging level coin for level chain tokens the rate the funds allocated the operations funds the project will locked the smartcontract and thus will not used until the release the mvp. the funds stored the operations funds will locked for two years since the beta version public release. the funds the project team and the founders will vested during years. the funds the project partners will vested during years. white paper page maximum amount tokens issuue sold the open market operations funds founders and project team partners the project (esports teams, tournament organizers and streamers) advisory board bounty campaign white paper page roadmap playlive currently, the project the active development stage and are planning launch mvp the platform prior the start the pre-sale (before december, th). setting project concept, establishing connections with existing market players. establishing blockchain model. team and advisory board are formed. initiating the implementation blockchain features and development project architecture and documentation preparation. marketing and stage regarding the token sale. mvp launch. planned inception the development the streaming core playlive well blockchain level chain. planned alpha-version launch and world championship broadcast cs:go broadcast. planned beta-version launch conceptualized features), attraction the seed users. planned implementation all remaining features (%), active marketing promotion and purchase rights broadcast top esports and streaming content. commencement the planned active attraction the users the platform. mau the platform reaches users. new markets expansion. reach breakeven point. anticipated that mau the platform will reach users. focus internal infrastructure and bringing organic traffic the platform, integrating new services. white paper page sustaining token sale stages playlive plans divide the token sale into the three stages: closed round available only token holders prior the launch pre-sale and token sale; pre-sale; and token sale. playlive plans hold the closed round october january the classical token sale model will implemented. level coin utility token hard cap million base price the token luc usd: luc for maximum possible amount luc for sale actual amount luc issue will known after the end the token sale (unbought tokens will not created). smart contract address will announced later. additional emission mining date and time the start pre-sale, utc january th, end date and time pre-sale, utc february th, token-sale start date and time, utc february th, end date and time of, token-sale utc march th, currency accepted btc, eth, bch, ltc, dash, usd minimum purchase amount eth. transactions with smaller amounts will ignored. bonuses during the pre-sale from th-st january from st-th february bonuses during the token sale from st-th february from th-th february from th-st march from nd-th march from th-th march from th-th march from th-th march from th-th march from march from march white paper page the distribution proceeds from token sale depicted the graph. token sale budget distribution purchasing the right broadcast esports tournaments negotiating exclsuive broadcasting contracts with streamers marketing playlive platform development blockchain (level chain) development legal fees personnel expenses and other opex administration and project team outsourcing cdn and maintanance fees grows proportionally the increase traffic the platform the logic underpinning the distribution token sale proceeds suggests understanding the business processes the current market streaming and its realities terms costs. large amount money required receive the broadcasting rights esports content and negotiate contracts with the top streamers, which crucial for bringing organic traffic the platform. our goal the first year after the launch generate steady inflow streamers the platform, who will attract seed user base. this possible the initial stage solely due acquiring rights broadcast top esports events, well signing exclusive contracts with popular streamers. white paper page marketing will play significant role, including the support will provide our first streamers and tournament organizers who will migrate the platform. significant part the proceeds will spent payment for cdn service because unlike most decentralized projects, playlive broadcasts live video content high quality and its streaming costs are significantly higher than that average web service. the financial roadmap tied the development certain features the platform and the opportunity purchase the rights broadcast esports tournaments and show matches, well opportunities sign exclusive contracts with the most famous streamers the initial stage. white paper page token sale roadmap target: initiation development playlive core backend functionality and front-end layers well blockchain system. setting marketing budget for streamers and tournament operators support within the platform. target: development authentic features playlive totalizator, crowdfuding system for streams, topnotch system interaction between the viewers and the streamers. mvp release and broadcast cs:go world champtionship with offline final rounds the stadium with seats capacity. target: integration with all partner services agreed cooperate with playlive including bookmakers. setting marketing budget for acquiring rights broadcast top esports events and negotiating exclusive contracts with the most popular streamers the well-establsihed games such cs: go, dota lol, overwatch, pubgs and others. white paper page target: integration external projects level chain. dota tournament broadcast the beta version the platform. translation showmatches covering the well established games cs: go, dota lol, overwatch target: focus regional expansion and proceeding with attracting top content providers: negotiating exclusive broadcasting contracts with tier tournament organizers well with top- esports teams and their players broadcast their content the platform. target: the broadcast the most popular cybersport events launched. are determined cover such events the international, league legends lcs, owerwatch world cup, cs: major etc. annual broadcasting world esports tournaments covering the well established games. white paper page summary this white paper has elaborated the bottlenecks persistent the gaming industry and described whole new set features for users that gaming platform project can currently offer. consistent with the philosophy our project, are determined provide users and streamers with solution where they can easily create novel content and interact the principles and terms instilled within the system. playlive platform full-blown participant the system, though its role shall narrowed maintenance and providing safety. turn, level chain open source project that allows third party projects launched its blockchain make use its technical capabilities. the sections devoted the economy the token and the features the platform, described detail how users and streamers interact within the ecosystem. existing market players were endeavor implement the same features their platforms they would encounter difficulties due the following reasons: the application blockchain technologies the existing architecture any highload project truly complex and expensive solution. its architects need consider myriad factors, which will postpone the implementation such technology for least few years. due the advent blockchain technology, cryptocurrencies are usually introduced, representing complex and long-term political and economic decision for large corporations make. the introduction cryptocurrency and subsequent change the company's business with vague economic effects reports (p&l, cash flow statement and balance sheet) will discourage management from making the switch blockchain model and will also deter existing users the platform. number features such integration bookmaker apis and use totalizator easier implement for young projects largely due the current underdeveloped legal framework the field cryptocurrencies. white paper page summing above points, are establishing full-blown ecosystem advantageous the existing streaming platforms, namely the following dimensions: playlive provides opportunity for streamer earn luc from the very first stream. overall, streamers are able earn ways. allow for the viewers earn from their hobby minimum ways, which currently not available existing streaming platforms. these facts contribute the growth the platform due sources revenue generation. recap, conventional streaming platforms can boast only such sources. effectively, this serves exemplary proof the possible demand the tokens which can used ways the platform. has been available due the deployment top-notch blockchain system. streamers are able determine numerous aspects interaction with viewers directly without the involvement any third-party. one the unique selling points the projects ability for user fully disable advertising cost. the users are able enable case they desire support their favorite streamer the same time being able earn from it. unique content generation system allows directly engage users its creation. owing the ability for the streamers and viewers interact directly the basis blockchain system, are able implement many features such interactive system tasks for streamer and others. possible demand the open market luc tokens should favorably affect the whole project economy. level chain blockchain established encompass unlimited number esports and gaming projects well support playlive performance, which likely contribute the overall growth the active userbase all projects. the project initiated expertized team from gaming and esports industries with experience key project representatives exceeding years each. white paper page disclaimer this token sale whitepaper and the documents attached thereto associated wherewith contain forward-looking statements within the meaning section the securities act and section the exchange act, which are subject the safe harbor provisions the private securities litigation reform act these forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding anticipated use proceeds from the token sale, are based current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, company management's beliefs, and assumptions made company management. words such "anticipates," "expects," "intends," "plans," "believes," "seeks," "estimates," and variations such words and similar expressions are intended identify such forward-looking statements. these statements are not guarantees future performance and are subject certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult predict; therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed forecasted any forward-looking statements due variety factors, including, without limitation, our ability meet the minimum token sale amount, any, unanticipated costs and expenses related the token sale, changes company's financial condition business strategy that impact the use proceeds from the token sale, and other factors. the risks and uncertainties include those noted "risk factors" document provided connection with the token sale (available token sale website). undue reliance should not placed the forward-looking statements this whitepaper any associated materials, which are based information available company the date hereof. company undertakes obligation update any forward-looking statements, whether result new information, future events otherwise, except the extent that company required law. the extent the tokens sold connection with this token sale may securities under u.s. securities act these tokens are offered only outside the united states non-u.s. persons, pursuant the provisions regulation the u.s. securities act amended. these tokens will not registered under the securities act, and may not offered sold the united states absent registration under applicable exemption from the registration requirements and the purchasers should not assume they will able resell their tokens. neither the securities and exchange commission nor any state regulator has passed upon the merits given its approval the tokens, the terms the token sale, the accuracy completeness any associated materials. buying tokens involves risks, and purchasers should able bear the loss their entire purchase. all purchasers should make their own determination whether not make any purchase, based their own independent evaluation and analysis. white paper page public sources information https://newzoo.com/insights/trend-reports/global-esports-market-report--light/ https://superdata-research.myshopify.com/products/year-in-review http://tnl.media/esportsnews////time-to-kill-the-esports-beats-sportsviewers-stat https://bitinfocharts.com https://superdata-research.myshopify.com/products/year-in-review https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/twitch.tv https://www.idc.com/getdoc.jsp?containerid=prus https://techcrunch.com////streamer-numbers-and-incomes-are-risinghealthily-according-to-data-from-popular-tool/ https://blog.streamlabs.com/livestreaming-q-twitch-vs-youtube-avg-spend-ltvand-tip-volumes-cafe white paper page certain risk factors relating purchase, sale, and use tokens important note:.the company expressly disclaims any and all responsibility for any direct consequential loss damage any kind whatsoever arising directly indirectly from: (i) reliance any information contained this exhibit (ii) any error, omission inaccuracy any such information (iii) any action resulting from such information. purchasing, owning, and using tokens, you expressly acknowledge and assume the following risks: general suitability token purchase the purchase tokens from the company only suitable for financially sophisticated persons who are capable evaluating the merits and risks such purchase, other persons who have been professionally advised with regard token purchase, and who have sufficient financial resources able bear any losses that may arise therefrom (which may equal the whole amount spent connection with the token purchase). such purchase should not seen investment financial asset. risk losing access tokens due loss private key(s), custodial error purchaser error private key, combination private keys, necessary control and dispose tokens stored your digital wallet vault. accordingly, loss requisite private key(s) associated with your digital wallet vault storing tokens will result loss such tokens. moreover, any third party that gains access such private key(s), including gaining access login credentials hosted wallet service you use, may able misappropriate your tokens. any errors malfunctions caused otherwise related the digital wallet vault you choose receive and store tokens, including your own failure properly maintain use such digital wallet vault, may also result the loss you tokens. additionally, your failure follow precisely the procedures set forth for buying and receiving tokens, including, for instance, you provide the wrong address for the purchaser address, provides address that not erc- compatible, may result the loss your tokens. risks associated with the ethereum protocol because tokens and the platform are based the ethereum protocol, any malfunction, breakdown abandonment the ethereum protocol may have material adverse effect the platform tokens. moreover, advances white paper page cryptography, technical advances such the development quantum computing, could present risks the tokens and the platform, including the utility the tokens for obtaining services, rendering ineffective the cryptographic consensus mechanism that underpins the ethereum protocol. risk mining attacks with other decentralized cryptographic tokens based the ethereum protocol, the tokens are susceptible attacks miners the course validating token transactions the ethereum blockchain, including, but not limited, double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks, and selfish-mining attacks. any successful attacks present risk the platform and the tokens, including, but not limited to, accurate execution and recording transactions involving tokens. risk hacking and security weaknesses hackers other malicious groups organizations may attempt interfere with the platform the tokens variety ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks, denial service attacks, consensus-based attacks, sybil attacks, smurfing and spoofing. furthermore, because the platform based open-source software, there risk that third party member the company team may intentionally unintentionally introduce weaknesses into the core infrastructure the platform, which could negatively affect the platform and the tokens, including the utility the tokens for obtaining services. hackers other malicious groups organizations may also attempt get access private keys other access credentials the wallet any other wallet, vault, other storage mechanism used receive and hold tokens. the result, the tokens may lost forever. risks associated with markets for tokens the tokens are intended used solely within the platform, and company will not support otherwise facilitate any secondary trading external valuation tokens. this restricts the contemplated avenues for using tokens the provision receipt services, and could therefore create illiquidity risk with respect the tokens you own. even secondary trading tokens facilitated third party exchanges, such exchanges may relatively new and subject little regulatory oversight, making them more susceptible fraud manipulation. furthermore, the extent that third-parties ascribe external exchange value tokens (e.g., denominated digital fiat currency), such value may extremely volatile and diminish zero. risk uninsured losses unlike bank accounts accounts some other financial institutions, tokens are uninsured unless you specifically obtain private insurance insure them. thus, the event loss loss utility value, there public insurer, such the federal white paper page deposit insurance corporation, private insurance arranged company, offer recourse you. risks associated with uncertain regulations and enforcement actions the regulatory status the tokens and distributed ledger technology unclear unsettled many jurisdictions. difficult predict how whether regulatory agencies may apply existing regulation with respect such technology and its applications, including the platform and the tokens. likewise difficult predict how whether legislatures regulatory agencies may implement changes law and regulation affecting distributed ledger technology and its applications, including the platform and the tokens. regulatory actions could negatively impact the platform and the tokens various ways, including, for purposes illustration only, through determination that the purchase, sale and delivery the tokens constitutes unlawful activity that the tokens are regulated instrument that require registration licensing those instruments some all the parties involved the purchase, sale and delivery thereof. company may cease operations jurisdiction the event that regulatory actions, changes law regulation, make illegal operate such jurisdiction, commercially undesirable obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) operate such jurisdiction. risks arising from taxation the tax characterization tokens uncertain. you must seek your own tax advice connection with purchasing tokens, which may result adverse tax consequences you, including withholding taxes, income taxes and tax reporting requirements. addition, the proceeds the token sale (which include any moneys that purchaser has paid for the tokens) may taxable the company, which may adversely affect financial resources available the company, company's business and the company's ability achieve its business objectives. risk competing platforms possible that alternative platforms could established that utilize the same open source code and protocol underlying the platform and attempt facilitate services that are materially similar the services. the platform may compete with these alternatives, which could negatively impact the platform and tokens, including the utility the tokens for obtaining services. risk insufficient interest the platform distributed applications possible that the platform will not used large number individuals, companies and other entities that there will limited public interest the creation and development distributed platforms (such the platform) more generally. such lack use interest could negatively impact the development the platform and therefore the potential utility the tokens, including the utility white paper page the tokens for obtaining services. risks associated with the development and maintenance the platform the platform still under development and may undergo significant changes over time. although company intends for the tokens and platform function described exhibit and intends take commercially reasonable steps toward those ends, company may have make changes the specifications the tokens platform for any number legitimate reasons. moreover, company has control over how other participants will use the platform, what products services will offered through the platform third parties, how third-party products and services will utilize tokens (if all). this could create the risk that the tokens platform, further developed and maintained, may not meet your expectations the time purchase. furthermore, despite company's good faith efforts develop and participate the platform, still possible that the platform will experience malfunctions otherwise fail adequately developed maintained, which may negatively impact the platform and tokens, and the potential utility the tokens, including the utility the tokens for obtaining services. risk unfavorable fluctuation eth, btc other coin value the value eth, btc other coins fluctuates unfavorably during after the token sale, the company team may not able fund development, may not able develop maintain the platform the manner that intended. addition the usual market forces, there are several potential events which could exacerbate the risk unfavorable fluctuation the value eth, btc other coins, including another dao-like attack the ethereum network, significant security incidents market irregularities one more the major cryptocurrency exchanges. risk dissolution the company platform possible that, due any number reasons, including, but not limited to, unfavorable fluctuation the value eth, btc icocoin (or other cryptographic and fiat currencies), decrease the tokens' utility (including their utility for obtaining services), the failure commercial relationships, intellectual property ownership challenges, the platform may longer viable operate the company may dissolve. risks arising from lack governance rights because tokens confer governance rights any kind with respect the platform the company, all decisions involving the company's products services within the platform the company itself will made the company its sole discretion, including, but not limited to, decisions discontinue its products services the platform, create and sell more tokens for use the platform, sell liquidate the company. these decisions could adversely affect the platform and the utility any tokens you own, including their utility for obtaining services. white paper page regulatory risks the company, and extension the platform, subject variety federal, state and international laws and regulations, including those with respect privacy and data protection, consumer protection, data security, and others. these laws and regulations, and the interpretation application these laws and regulations, could change. addition, new laws regulations affecting the platform could enacted, which could impact the utility the tokens the platform. additionally, the platform participants are subject industry specific laws and regulations licensing requirements. any these parties fails comply with any these licensing requirements other applicable laws regulations, such laws and regulations licensing requirements become more stringent are otherwise expanded, could adversely impact the platform and the tokens, including the tokens' utility for obtaining services. also, changes laws regulations governing the company's operations may adversely affect its business. any change the company's tax status, taxation legislation the united states elsewhere, could affect the value its financial holdings, its business and the company's ability achieve its business objective. prospective purchasers are urged consult their tax advisers with respect their particular tax situations and the tax effects the purchase tokens from the company. operational risks the company young company and the growth the team and its capabilities may take longer than expected result the intended usefulness for the tokens. the tokens are just one product highly competitive market, and broad adoption other users and developments technology partners may take longer than expected. the usefulness the tokens depends the extent widespread adoption the offered technology the marketplace. risk lack adoption the success the platform, services, and tokens dependent large part the adoption the platform, services, and underlying technology users. possible that users not adopt use the platform. such lack use interest could negatively impact the development the platform and therefore the potential utility the tokens, including the utility the tokens for obtaining services. technology risks the tokens are intended represent new capability emerging technology that not fully proven use. the technology matures, new capabilities may dramatically alter the usefulness the tokens the ability use sell them. the functionality the tokens complex, will require enhancements and product white paper page support over time, and full functionality may take longer than expected. the full functionality the tokens not yet complete and assurance can provided such completion. unanticipated risks cryptographic tokens such the tokens are new and untested technology. addition the risks included this exhibit there are other risks associated with your purchase, possession, and use the tokens, including unanticipated risks. such risks may further materialize unanticipated variations combinations the risks discussed this exhibit white paper page forward looking statements the company's token sale whitepaper and the documents attached thereto associated wherewith contain forward-looking statements within the meaning section the securities act and section the exchange act, which are subject the safe harbor provisions the private securities litigation reform act these forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding anticipated use proceeds from the token sale, are based current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, company management's beliefs, and assumptions made company management. words such "anticipates," "expects," "intends," "plans," "believes," "seeks," "estimates," and variations such words and similar expressions are intended identify such forward-looking statements. these statements are not guarantees future performance and are subject certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult predict; therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed forecasted any forward-looking statements due variety factors, including, without limitation, our ability meet the minimum token sale amount, any, unanticipated costs and expenses related the token sale, changes company's financial condition business strategy that impact the use proceeds from the token sale, and other factors. the risks and uncertainties include those noted "risk factors" above. undue reliance should not placed the forward-looking statements this whitepaper any associated materials, which are based information available the date hereof. undertake obligation update any forward-looking statements, whether result new information, future events otherwise, except the extent that are required law. white paper page