pluscoin(plc) whitepaper fq  .fubqtmvt*od abstract metaps plus inc. (hereinafter referred "metaps plus") mobile marketing solution and mobile fintech company, having korea's biggest mobile commerce company smartcon co., ltd. (hereinafter referred "smartcon") subsidiary, and metaps inc. (tse:), whose market value evaluated krw billion japan's stock market its largest shareholder. metaps plus plans build comprehensive cryptocurrency ecosystem accessible cryptocurrency holders any desired time and place, constructing exchange market where cryptocurrencies can freely traded the future and which provides more than simple publications cryptocurrencies and offers various services owners cryptocurrencies. the token metaps plus planning introduce the korean market will called pluscoin (hereinafter referred "pluscoin," "plc" "token"). based the amounts tokens owned, the owners plc can receive certain benefits based parts the profit generated exchange market's coinroom, which will established around march (hereinafter referred the "coinroom"). plc will sold the form initial coin offering (hereinafter referred "ico"), and will also listed major domestic and overseas cryptocurrency exchange markets, other than the coinroom, that they can traded freely. july regarding the operation the exchange market, however, metaps plus newly established subsidiary other affiliate metaps plus may charge the establishment, management and granting benefits thereof, pursuant changes relevant laws and other circumstances. $pqzsjhiu.fubqtmvt*od abstract pluscoin ico metaps plus will the world's first case which company with sufficient capital maintain orderly market issues cryptocurrency. the cryptocurrency ecosystem metaps plus intends build stable transaction system that designed closely relate the real-world economy, rather than forming cryptocurrency trading which separated from the real-world economy, and aims provide protection plc owners and guarantee free trading thereof. $pqzsjhiu.fubqtmvt*od table contents introduction/background issuance cryptocurrency novelty plc protection currency value and owners (connection the real-world economy) establishment coinroom, cryptocurrency exchange market ... advantages coinroom ... additional benefits for plc owners. additional benefits ... pluscoin sdk ... payment system for mobile coupons money flow platform benefit structure for tokens introduction issuance tokens benefits for token owners other token usage services conditions for return eth used for purchase pluscoin details ico specifications and schedule for plc tokens matters note participating the ico distribution tokens plans for using token sales proceeds schedule legal notifications $pqzsjhiu.fubqtmvt*od introduction/background issuance cryptocurrency within ten years after the first appearance 'bitcoin' the world's initial cryptocurrency, huge market has been developed which cryptocurrencies worth billion (krw trillion) being traded since the appearance ethereum cryptocurrencies are facing new phrase with realization the concept 'smart contracts,' introduction the erc- token standards, and establishment platforms for ico, various block-chain based businesses can now publish tokens raise capital. icos after ethereum can divided into two categories: (a) icos aiming develop platforms developing and distributing new blockchains (e.g. eos, iota, cosmos), and (b) icos aiming resolve specific problems issuing tokens already existing blockchain platforms (e.g. bat, steem, status). plc metaps plus takes the latter approach, and aims overcome various business limitations the real world various technical limitations the existing server-client structure, through the characteristics distributed ledger and smart contracts. please refer coinmarketcap.com $pqzsjhiu.fubqtmvt*od novelty plc protection currency value and investors (connection the real-world economy) having become rapidly popularized, blockchain technology now being viewed new investment target which can overcome limitations and shortcomings the existing stock markets. the other hand, damages are increasingly incurred token buyers due indiscreet icos lacking even the minimum credibility companies and minimum buyer protection mechanisms, situation where related laws and regulations are not yet prepared. order stabilize cryptocurrency values and prevent situations which cryptocurrencies will become investment vehicles with frequent price fluctuations, blockchains should connected the real-world economic system. ultimately, paradigm shift should take place enable entities with substantial capital and assets build token ecosystems, and this regard, metaps plus, being company operating mobile fintech business, would like propose this contemplated pluscoin ico. metaps plus, the issuer plc, fintech company which runs the largest application marketing reward platform nas (trade mark registration no. korea, with thousand daily users. metaps plus sells mobile vouchers channels including kakaotalk, one store, facebook, and naver band etc. through its subsidiary smartcon, and also owns infrastructures usable online and offline, such pos (payment method, not stock certificate) equipment all offline affiliate stores including bbq, megabox, and e-mart, and also major point program businesses, such l.point, cashbag, gs&point, and card. transactions through smartcon amount krw billion every year korea, affiliate stores. $pqzsjhiu.fubqtmvt*od novelty plc introducing blockchains the already stabilized infrastructure, intend enable the users enjoy future increase the value cryptocurrency well utilize the current value thereof (using payment method, reduction various commissions for plc owners, using international transaction method). these being goals which most the pre-existing issuers cryptocurrency aimed reach but failed, pluscoin ico metaps plus, which the first attempt made stable payment network owner, will realize such goals. establishment coinroom, cryptocurrency exchange market advantages coinroom korea, the numbers cryptocurrency exchange market users are increasing rapidly. july bithumb's bitcoin transactions account for approximately the entire bitcoin market worldwide. with regard ethereum transactions, korea's bithumb, coinone, and korbit are ranked world's st, and market, respectively. for ripple, the st, and ranking exchange markets are all korean markets. despite such outstanding trade volumes worldwide, korean exchange markets have failed earn good reputations. the problems with the current cryptocurrency exchange markets can summarized (a) security problems and (b) limitation services (treatment only limited types cryptocurrencies, and inconveniences associated with related transactions, etc). first all, while blockchains are perceived stable and please refer coinmarketcap.com $pqzsjhiu.fubqtmvt*od novelty plc secure protocols due the structure its transaction, security within exchange markets which provide transactions such cryptocurrency another risk for the customers who intend trade cryptocurrencies cryptocurrency exchange markets utilize the old centralized client-server structure and store blockchain public keys (wallet addresses) and private keys the customers the server, making themselves vulnerable server security breaches outsider attacks information leaks insiders, which cases the cryptocurrencies inside the exchange markets may stolen without the blockchain networks being hacked. second, the existing markets support only few kinds cryptocurrencies (korbit, which offers the widest array cryptocurrency choices korea, also known support only different kinds tokens). especially, korea-based exchange markets only offer trade options for legal currencies, users face difficulties direct trading (such poloniex, bittrex) and need change certain cryptocurrency another cryptocurrency (for example exchange bitcoin with ethereum), users must pay commission charges two times the exchange market, and thus suffer great inconveniences thereby. cryptocurrency coinroom cryptocurrency exchange market opened and run metaps plus another business entity newly established, march coinroom will designed infrastructure with networks separated according the personal information management system (pims) and information security management system (isms) managed the korea internet security agency, and will make hacking impossible introducing with- during the last decade after the first introduction bitcoin blockchain itself has not yet been hacked, but few foreign exchange markets including mt. gox and bitfinex faced large scale attacks hackers. $pqzsjhiu.fubqtmvt*od novelty plc drawal process with multifactor authentication and verification mechanism for pluscoin token owners regarding their ability pay. also, coinroom will support digibyte, stratis, and other tokens currently not traded korea-based exchange markets, and will also provide direct transaction services between different cryptocurrencies, well transactions between korean won and cryptocurrencies. being the first korean exchange market which enables direct transition between cryptocurrencies with ethereum the base currency, coinroom will able offer its users high degree convenience which users cannot experience other korean exchange platforms. $pqzsjhiu.fubqtmvt*od novelty plc additional benefits for plc owners owners pluscoin can receive certain benefits based parts the profit generated the coinroom. order for the pluscoin owners receive such compensation, tokens earned through pluscoin ico must deposited the pluscoin customer wallets generated the coinroom (section this whitepaper will discuss further about the benefits pluscoins offered the coinroom). plc owners will enjoy gains from the operation the coinroom from just owning the coins, with other owners pluscoin, regardless future value increase the tokens. company newly established will charge the establishment and operation the coinroom and granting the benefits the owners pluscoin, and such company planned subsidiary affiliate metaps plus. tokens distributed through ico are irrelevant shares the company who will operate coinroom, and certain benefits listed this white paper will provided. $pqzsjhiu.fubqtmvt*od novelty plc additional benefits pluscoin sdk (bnf -jgf'jobodf ipqqjoh nas network service psubm&evdbujpo&ud there are many advertisement networks the market, including nas, mobile advertisement platform run metaps plus. however, rewards collected users are stored each different medium and are thus difficult combine. also, transfers such rewards require complex and pricy procedures. this regard, metaps plus plans launch pluscoin sdk, which presents improvements the pre-existing nas, after the launching pluscoin ico and the coinroom. based the coinroom exchange market, pluscoin sdk will service which provides rewards the form cryptocurrency and offers wallet management mobile devices, and advertisers will able save advertisement fees based the number pluscoins they own, use pluscoin directly advertisement $pqzsjhiu.fubqtmvt*od novelty plc fees. mediums and users will able easily transfer and exchange compensations accumulated through advertisements. the two examples narrated below are examples services provided through the accumulation cryptocurrency rewards mining games. *nbhf&ybnqmfpgvtjoh%, /\$pjovsoh /bnpcjmfdszqupdvssfodzsfxbsetbddvnvmbujpotfswjdf $pqzsjhiu.fubqtmvt*od novelty plc ... payment system for mobile coupons smartcon, subsidiary metaps plus, runs the largest platform for mobile vouchers korea and generates approximately krw billion worth transactions with more than brands and stores every year. 'gifticard,' the representative mobile coupon smartcon, interacts with the users within major messengers such kakotalk and line, and has built the following network, which can read barcodes which have been generated real-time through offline store pos and process payment thereof. $pqzsjhiu.fubqtmvt*od novelty plc however, under the above infrastructure, every business entity participating the coupon payment system must execute partnership agreements directly, and during the payment process, costs will incurred due verification procedures among various entities such companies, card companies and banks, and such costs should borne jointly the relevant store and the coupon user. metaps plus intends establish mobile coupon payment system which 'operated the basis plc', combining the liquidity plc and the advantages blockchain, which does not require many entities for verification. such system will provided the forms sdk api, and each contracting store will able join the network via smart contracts, without any further processes for partnership. buyers mobile coupons will receive discount premiums based the amount plc owned, and sellers mobile coupons will obtain opportunities join discount bids based the amount plc owned. this system, plc will become intermediate medium for combining and exchanging different card points and mileages, and the same time, will play role providing all possible information and values associated with the payment network the full extent plc owners. money flow platform metaps plus intends complete 'money flow platform' which connects on/offline commerce with cryptocurrency economy through coinroom and pluscoin. the ultimate goal this platform build circular structure where points collected through compensatory advertisements can exchanged into cryptocurrencies through the coinroom, cryptocurrencies purchased coinroom can used for payments mobile coupons, and points can collected again during $pqzsjhiu.fubqtmvt*od novelty plc such payment procedure. pluscoin ico will build ecosystem which provides stable benefits and success coin owners through predictable model, through the credibility and operation the exchange platform the issuer. $powfstjpo popjof $powfstjpo$pnnfsdf $szqup$vssfoduz #judpjo &uifsfvn bznfou &ydibohf #sboet## .pofuj[bujpo $pqzsjhiu.fubqtmvt*od benefit structure for tokens introduction issuance tokens pluscoin standard erc token distributed the ethereum blockchain network. please refer https://github.com/onther-tech/pluscoin-crowdsale for further details the ico. this ico, eth the only measure available for obtaining pluscoin. the primary value pluscoin earning benefits the users, and for the achievement this value, pluscoin has prepared the following benefits regarding certain rewards and return coinroom exchange commissions. owners pluscoin can receive benefits based the volume transactions the coinroom exchange market, other than the profits earned the value increase pluscoin. benefits for token holders +rewards after the end each fiscal quarter the coinroom, pluscoin owners can receive, upon discretion and decision the company operating the coinroom, certain rewards the form pluscoin eth, provided that the amount does not exceed the portion the coinroom's profit generated the transaction commissions. the event the company operating the coinroom decides execution rewards, first rewards are planned made july, after the closing the second quarter (april~june) and grounds for the payment such rewards can found through the below 'search company information.' $pqzsjhiu.fubqtmvt*od benefit structure for tokens +search company information pluscoin owners can view various information, such the volume transaction, sales cost, and sg&a the coinroom exchange market the pluscoin premium page, which scheduled open march the coinroom exchange market. +discount exchange commissions based the amount pluscoin owned, commissions paid relevant pluscoin owners for transactions within coinroom will returned every quarter. the percentages commissions returned are follows: /vncfstpg-$pxofe opmfttuibo_mfttuibo fsdfoubhfpg dpnnjttjpotsfuvsofe _   _   _   /pmfttuibo   order verify token ownership, users should deposit pluscoin his/her private wallets the pluscoin investors' webpage, which scheduled open january the coinroom exchange market. pluscoins distributed through ico before the opening exchange market will delivered the private wallets (erc) the ico participants, and will distributed via smart contract code, immediately upon the ico participation. for private wallets, standard wallets such myetherwallet, metamask mist, etc. are recommended. $pqzsjhiu.fubqtmvt*od benefit structure for tokens other token usage services apart from commission discounts coinroom, plan develop and launch the following services for the full utilization pluscoin the users. each service includes benefits for pluscoin owners: +pluscoin sdk plan provide rewards the form mobile compensation advertisements through pluscoin and other cryptocurrencies, develop sdk suitable for wallet management and use exchange api, and thus plan design major functions reflecting the requests metaps plus's cooperative partners. different the standard compensation advertisement sdk, advertisers can save advertisement fees based the number pluscoin owned, use pluscoin itself pay for the advertisement fees, and mediums and users will able easily transfer and exchange compensations accumulated through advertisements. +pluscoin store store sdk api where users can buy game moneys and vouchers for restaurants, convenient stores, beverages and gifts through pluscoin and other cryptocurrencies. the pluscoin store will serve the contact point between the blockchain token-based mobile coupon payment service, which scheduled launch july and its users. will structured way enable consumers who own pluscoins receive discount premiums based the amount tokens owned, and sellers who own pluscoins enjoy freedom discounted bids based the amount tokens owned. $pqzsjhiu.fubqtmvt*od benefit structure for tokens +pluscoin leasing services pluscoin plans provide services through which users can lease pluscoin, having bitcoin, ethereum other cryptocurrencies held securities. through the provision such secured loan services, existing owners cryptocurrencies may enjoy fluidity and use his/her credibility gained the exchange market the real-word economy. conditions for return eth used for purchase pluscoin pluscoin ico metaps plus will carried out pursuant the road map provided this whitepaper. for the stable settlement pluscoin, plan launch cryptocurrency exchange market called 'coinroom' march indicated 'section schedule' below. the event coinroom fails open its services march due metaps plus subsidiary other affiliate metaps plus, metaps plus will, upon request, return the eth used for the purchase tokens through pluscoin ico. $pqzsjhiu.fubqtmvt*od details ico specifications and schedule for plc tokens the goal for token sales minimum eth (approximately usd ,,, provided that the amount subject modification set-ups depending the market price eth) and maximum eth (approximately usd ,,). fail reach the minimum goal, eth used for the purchase will returned those who have participated the token purchases. +name the token pluscoin +token symbol plc +token contract address announced within hours before the date ico +volume tokens published will determined the total volume eth collected through smart contracts during the set period +basic exchange rate plc eth eth plc +minimum sales amount eth (subject modification set-ups depending the market price eth) +maximum sales completion amount eth +starting date september utc kst) +end date october utc kst) $pqzsjhiu.fubqtmvt*od details ico the ico shall take place during the time periods set forth below, and additional plc shall provided each participant each time period, the form bonus. the bonus rate for each time period shall follows: + september utc kst) september utc kst) plc + september utc kst) september utc kst) plc + september utc kst) october utc kst) plc + october utc kst) october utc kst) plc + october utc kst) october utc kst) bonus    % % % % $pqzsjhiu.fubqtmvt*od details ico matters note participating the ico the participation maximum for each account limited eth. one participate the ico more than times using one same account, the time interval between each participation shall least blocks minutes), and calculating same, the ethereum block timing shall applied priority over utc. distribution tokens $pjoppnfydibohf  mvt$pjo   plfo#vzfst plfo#vzfst $psffbn $psffbn $pjoppnfydibohf distributed ico participants (lock period tbd, based audit schedule) distributed the pluscoin team months vesting) the amount pluscoin reserved coinroom exchange market (no lock) $pqzsjhiu.fubqtmvt*od details ico plans for using token sales proceeds &yufsobmbsuofst ftfswfgps"scjusbhf $pjoppnftfswf    %fw qfsbujpo .bslfujoh fud $pjoppnftfswf %fw qfsbujpo .bslfujoh fud ftfswfgps"scjusbhf &yufsobmbsuofst amount eth reserved the exchange market for transactions cryptocurrencies development, operation, marketing, and driving costs for the exchange market reserved amount for arbitrage trading through partnerships with foreign exchange platforms advisory fees for external partners, such hwang mok park, pwc, grant thornton and samsung securities. $pqzsjhiu.fubqtmvt*od schedule fq .bs +vof +vmz $spxetbmf qfo$pjosppn mvtdpjoupsf mvtdpjo%, fq -foejohmbugpsn september pluscoin ico march launching the exchange market; begin trading bitcoin, ethereum, pluscoin june launching pluscoin store july launching pluscoin sdk september launching pluscoin leasing services specific details the above schedule may subject changes pursuant relevant circumstances, except for the launching the exchange market. $pqzsjhiu.fubqtmvt*od legal notifications audit yearly audits will conducted documents relating coin publication (such publication and distribution coins, smart contract codes, etc.) and the financial statements the exchange market one the four largest auditing firms, and relevant audit reports will posted the exchange market website. restrictions nationality ico participants those who are u.s., singaporean, chinese japanese national, those who reside such countries those who represent such person(s) cannot participate the pluscoin ico metaps plus. risk management regulations although publications and use cryptocurrencies are increasing, not many countries regulate cryptocurrencies law. however, there are worldwide demands for regulatory frameworks cryptocurrencies, and relevant regulatory bodies korea also have formed tft november prepare for introduction regulatory oversight. depending the future introduction related regulations, publications and use cryptocurrencies may restricted, and the terms and conditions provided for this whitepaper and the purchase terms and conditions which will posted separately may subject changes. the event any changes need made this whitepaper the terms and conditions sales order refrain from violating any establishment amendment relevant laws regula$pqzsjhiu.fubqtmvt*od legal notifications tions, any authoritative order, guidelines administrative orders, any orders, resolutions decisions court other authoritative bodies, such changes shall not constitute breach this whitepaper the coin purchase terms and conditions. taxes +value-added tax the current opinion korean tax authorities that cryptocurrencies are not subject value-added tax when used currencies, but are subject value-added tax when traded goods. this regard, the specific situations under which the tax authorities will consider cryptocurrencies either currencies goods are far unclear. however, once cryptocurrencies start traded exchange platforms, considered highly likely that cryptocurrencies will deemed goods. therefore, except for cases where individual, not business operator, purchases cryptocurrencies the exchange market one-time basis without any business purpose, (although not clear whether not value-added tax will imposed transactions the exchange market conducted individual residents, individual non-residents, korean and foreign companies with business purposes) business (tax) registration, bearing value-added tax, and/or issuance tax invoices may required the future. +income tax and corporate tax individual who resident and business operator engages the purchase and sales cryptocurrencies, profits associated with such purchase and sales cryptocurrencies may subject income tax. however, individual who not business operator enjoys profit from any purchase and sales $pqzsjhiu.fubqtmvt*od legal notifications cryptocurrencies, unclear whether such profit subject capital gains tax. for profits earned korean companies for any purchase and sales cryptocurrencies the exchange market, corporate tax will imposed. although unclear whether not korean tax will imposed profits generated non-residents and foreign companies without office korea for any purchase and sales cryptocurrencies the exchange market, such profits may deemed profits associated with assets within korea, and thus taxed. controlling language case any difference, discrepancy conflict between the korean version this white paper and its english, chinese any other language version, the korean version shall any time prevail and control all aspects. last update plus-coin@metaps-plus.com