important notice this whitepaper ("whitepaper") current form being circulated the po.et foundation (as referred this whitepaper) for general information and invite community feedback only the po.et project presently conceived, and subject review and revision the board directors (as referred this whitepaper), the board advisers and/or legal advisers the po.et foundation. please not replicate distribute any part this whitepaper without this note accompaniment. part this whitepaper intended create legal relations between recipient this whitepaper legally binding enforceable such recipient against the po.et foundation. updated version this whitepaper may published date determined and announced the po.et foundation due course. please read this section and the following sections entitled "disclaimer liability", "no representations and warranties", "representations and warranties you", "cautionary note forward-looking statements", "third party information and consent other persons", "terms used", "no advice", "no further information update", "restrictions distribution and dissemination", "no offer investment registration" and "risks and uncertainties" carefully. you are any doubt the action you should take, you should consult your legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s). the po.et tokens are not intended constitute securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment any jurisdiction. this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment, solicitation for any form investment any jurisdiction. while this whitepaper does not preclude the po.et foundation from offering holders po.et tokens share the fees and revenue generated from the commercial applications po.et network, such offer, any, and the extent thereof, will the sole and absolute discretion the po.et foundation. accordingly, there assurance whatsoever whether such offer will made and holders po.et tokens should have expectation receiving any such offer. the premises, po.et token should construed, interpreted, classified treated enabling, according any opportunity to, purchasers participate receive profits, income, other payments returns arising from connection with the po.et platform, the po.et tokens the proceeds the po.et token sale (as described this whitepaper), receive sums paid out such profits, income, other payments returns. this whitepaper does not constitute form part any opinion any advice sell, any solicitation any offer the po.et foundation purchase any po.et tokens nor shall any part nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. the po.et foundation will deploy all proceeds sale the po.et tokens support ongoing development and growth the po.et network. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment relation the sale and purchase the po.et tokens and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper. any agreement between the po.et foundation and you purchaser, and relation any sale and purchase, po.et tokens (as referred this whitepaper) governed only separate document setting out the terms and conditions (the "t&cs") such agreement. the event any inconsistencies between the t&cs and this whitepaper, the former shall prevail. the po.et token sale (as referred this whitepaper) intended for, made directed only persons outside the united states america and the republic singapore and may acted upon only persons outside the united states america and the republic singapore. accordingly, you are not eligible and you are not purchase any po.et tokens the po.et token sale you are located the united states america the republic singapore the time your intended purchase/purchase po.et tokens the token sale. you are also not eligible and you are not purchase any po.et tokens the po.et token sale you are citizen, resident (tax otherwise), domiciled in, green card holder the united states america citizen, domiciled in, resident the republic singapore. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. there are risks and uncertainties associated with the po.et foundation and its business and operations, the po.et tokens, the po.et foundation token sale and the po.et network (each referred this whitepaper). this whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not taken transmitted any country where distribution dissemination this whitepaper prohibited restricted. part this whitepaper reproduced, distributed disseminated without including this section and the following sections entitled "disclaimer liability", "no representations and warranties", "representations and warranties you", "cautionary note forward-looking statements", "third party information and consent other persons", "terms used", "no advice", "no further information update", "restrictions distribution and dissemination", "no offer investment registration" and "risks and uncertainties". disclaimer liability the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations and rules, the po.et foundation shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you. representations and warranties the po.et foundation does not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this whitepaper. representations and warranties you accessing and/or accepting possession any information this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be), you represent and warrant the po.et foundation follows: (a) you agree and acknowledge that the po.et tokens not constitute securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment any jurisdiction; (b) you agree and acknowledge that this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment any jurisdiction, solicitation for any form investment, and you are not bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper; (c) you acknowledge and understand that: (d) (i) while this whitepaper does not preclude the po.et foundation from offering holders po.et tokens share the fees and revenue generated from the commercial applications po.et network, such offer, any, and the extent thereof, will the sole and absolute discretion the po.et foundation; (ii) there assurance whatsoever whether such offer will made and holders po.et tokens should have expectation receiving any such offer; and (iii) po.et token should construed, interpreted, classified treated enabling, according any opportunity to, purchasers participate receive profits, income, other payments returns arising from connection with the po.et platform, the po.et tokens the proceeds the po.et token sale (as described this whitepaper), receive sums paid out such profits, income, other payments returns; you agree and acknowledge that regulatory authority has examined approved the information set out this whitepaper, action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with; (e) you agree and acknowledge that this whitepaper, the undertaking and/or the completion the po.et foundation token sale, future trading the po.et tokens any cryptocurrency exchange, shall not construed, interpreted deemed you indication the merits the po.et foundation, the po.et tokens, the po.et foundation token sale, the po.et protocol platform and the po.et network (each referred this whitepaper); (f) the distribution dissemination this whitepaper, any part thereof any copy thereof, acceptance the same you, not prohibited restricted the applicable laws, regulations rules your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions relation possession are applicable, you have observed and complied with all such restrictions your own expense and without liability the po.et foundation; (g) you agree and acknowledge that the case where you wish purchase any po.et tokens the po.et tokens are not construed, interpreted, classified treated as: (i) any kind currency other than cryptocurrency; (ii) debentures, stocks shares issued any person entity; (iii) rights, options derivatives respect such debentures, stocks shares; (iv) rights under contract for differences under any other contract the purpose pretended purpose which secure profit avoid loss; (v) units collective investment scheme; (vi) units business trust; (vii) derivatives units business trust; (viii) any other security, class securities form investment; (h) you are fully aware and understand that you are not eligible purchase any po.et tokens you are citizen, resident (tax otherwise), domiciled in, green card holder the united states america citizen, domiciled in, resident (tax otherwise) the republic singapore person who located the united states america the republic singapore the time your intended purchase po.et tokens the token sale (as referred this whitepaper); (i) you have basic degree understanding the operation, functionality, usage, storage, transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology; (j) you are fully aware and understand that the case where you wish purchase any po.et tokens, there are risks associated with po.et foundation and its respective business and operations, the po.et tokens, the po.et foundation token sale, the po.et platform protocol and the po.et network (each referred the whitepaper); (k) you agree and acknowledge that the po.et foundation not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you; and (l) all the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and non-misleading from the time your access and/or acceptance possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be). cautionary note forward-looking statements all statements contained this whitepaper, statements made press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made the po.et foundation its directors, executive officers employees acting behalf the po.et foundation (as the case may be), that are not statements historical fact, constitute "forward-looking statements". some these statements can identified forward-looking terms such "aim", "target", "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "if", "intend", "may", "plan", "possible", "probable", "project", "should", "would", "will" other similar terms. however, these terms are not the exclusive means identifying forward-looking statements. all statements regarding the po.et foundation's financial position, business strategies, plans and prospects and the future prospects the industry which the po.et foundation are forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements, including but not limited statements the po.et foundation's revenue and profitability, prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters discussed this whitepaper regarding the po.et foundation are matters that are not historic facts, but only predictions. these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements the po.et foundation materially different from any future results, performance achievements expected, expressed implied such forward-looking statements. these factors include, amongst others: (a) changes political, social, economic and stock cryptocurrency market conditions, and the regulatory environment the countries which the po.et foundation conducts its respective businesses and operations; (b) the risk that the po.et foundation may unable execute implement their respective business strategies and future plans; (c) changes interest rates and exchange rates fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies; (d) changes the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth the po.et foundation; (e) changes the availability and fees payable the po.et foundation connection with its businesses and operations; (f) changes the availability and salaries employees who are required the po.et foundation operate their respective businesses and operations; (g) changes preferences users the po.et platform; (h) changes competitive conditions under which the po.et foundation operate, and the ability the po.et foundation compete under such conditions; (i) changes the future capital needs the po.et foundation and the availability financing and capital fund such needs; (j) war acts international domestic terrorism; (k) occurrences catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts god that affect the businesses and/or operations the po.et foundation; (l) other factors beyond the control the po.et foundation; and (m) any risk and uncertainties associated with the po.et foundation and its businesses and operations, the po.et tokens, the po.et foundation token sale and the po.et network (each referred the whitepaper). all forward-looking statements made attributable the po.et foundation persons acting behalf the po.et foundation are expressly qualified their entirety such factors. given that risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements the po.et foundation materially different from that expected, expressed implied the forward-looking statements this whitepaper, undue reliance must not placed these statements. these forward-looking statements are applicable only the date this whitepaper. neither the po.et foundation nor any other person represents, warrants and/or undertakes that the actual future results, performance achievements the po.et foundation will discussed those forwardlooking statements. the actual results, performance achievements po.et foundation may differ materially from those anticipated these forwardlooking statements. nothing contained this whitepaper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance policies the po.et foundation. further, the po.et foundation disclaims any responsibility update any those forward-looking statements publicly announce any revisions those forward-looking statements reflect future developments, events circumstances, even new information becomes available other events occur the future. third party information and consent other persons this whitepaper includes information obtained from various third party sources ("third party information"). none the publishers the third party information has consented the inclusion the third party information this whitepaper and therefore not liable for the third party information. while the po.et foundation has taken reasonable action ensure that the third party information have been included their proper form and context, neither the po.et foundation, nor its directors, executive officers and employees acting its behalf, has independently verified the accuracy, reliability, completeness the contents, ascertained any applicable underlying assumption, the relevant third party information. consequently, neither the po.et foundation nor its directors, executive officers and employees acting their behalf makes any representation warranty the accuracy, reliability completeness such information and shall not obliged provide any updates the same. terms used facilitate better understanding the po.et tokens being offered for purchase the po.et foundation, and the businesses and operations the po.et foundation, certain technical terms and abbreviations, well as, certain instances, their descriptions, have been used this whitepaper. these descriptions and assigned meanings should not treated being definitive their meanings and may not correspond standard industry meanings usage. words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice versa and words importing the masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine and neuter genders and vice versa. references persons shall include corporations. advice information this whitepaper should considered business, legal, financial tax advice regarding the po.et foundation, the po.et tokens, the po.et foundation token sale, the po.et platform protocol and the po.et network (each referred the whitepaper). you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional adviser regarding the po.et foundation and its businesses and operations, the po.et tokens, the po.et foundation token sale, the po.et platform protocol and the po.et network (each referred the whitepaper). you should aware that you may required bear the financial risk any purchase po.et tokens for indefinite period time. further information update person has been authorised give any information representation not contained this whitepaper connection with po.et foundation and its businesses and operations, the po.et tokens, the po.et foundation token sale, the po.et platform protocol and the po.et network (each referred the whitepaper) and, given, such information representation must not relied upon having been authorised behalf the po.et foundation. the po.et foundation token sale (as referred the whitepaper) shall not, under any circumstances, constitute continuing representation create any suggestion implication that there has been change, development reasonably likely involve material change the affairs, conditions and prospects the po.et foundation any statement fact information contained this whitepaper since the date hereof. restrictions distribution and dissemination the distribution dissemination this whitepaper any part thereof may prohibited restricted the laws, regulatory requirements and rules any jurisdiction. the case where any restriction applies, you are inform yourself about, and observe, any restrictions which are applicable your possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be) your own expense and without liability the po.et foundation. persons whom copy this whitepaper has been distributed disseminated, provided access who otherwise have the whitepaper their possession shall not circulate any other persons, reproduce otherwise distribute this whitepaper any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit cause the same occur. offer investment registration this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment, solicitation for any form investment any jurisdiction. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper. the po.et token sale (as referred this whitepaper) intended for, made directed only persons outside the united states america and the republic singapore and may acted upon only persons outside the united states america and the republic singapore. accordingly, you are not eligible and you are not purchase any po.et tokens the po.et token sale you are located the united states america the republic singapore the time your intended purchase/purchase po.et tokens the token sale. you are also not eligible and you are not purchase any po.et tokens the po.et token sale you are citizen, resident (tax otherwise), domiciled in, green card holder the united states america citizen, domiciled in, resident the republic singapore. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. risks and uncertainties prospective purchasers po.et tokens (as referred this whitepaper) should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with the po.et foundation and their respective businesses and operations, the po.et tokens, the po.et foundation token sale, the po.et platform protocol and the po.et network (each referred the whitepaper), all information set out this whitepaper and the t&cs prior any purchase po.et tokens. any such risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business, financial condition, results operations and prospects the po.et foundation could materially and adversely affected. such cases, you may lose all part the value the po.et tokens. table contents introduction problem overview mission statement core objectives stakeholders what proof existence? history utility what po.et? project roadmap and applications bootstrapping network stage one: the rosetta era stage two: the gutenberg era stage three: the alexandria era the po.et token functionality po.et token overview potential revenue streams token distribution use proceeds the po.et foundation po.et architecture definitions proof existence the po.et protocol po.et node publisher integrations abstract po.et shared, open, universal ledger designed record metadata and ownership information for digital creative assets. po.et continuation proof existence, the first non-financial application the blockchain. creating open platform the bitcoin blockchain, po.et aims create the most institutional, globally-verifiable record digital media assets. this record will framework for building smart, interoperable media applications using shared, standard and extensible metadata format. the same way that blockchain technologies have revolutionized the financial industry creating immutable and distributed accounting ledgers serving platform for financial applications, po.et will transform the publishing industry creating immutable and distributed ledger for creative works that may serve platform for both centralized and decentralized media applications. this whitepaper current form being circulated the po.et foundation (as referred this whitepaper) for general information and invite community feedback only the po.et project presently conceived, and subject review and revision the board directors, the board advisers and/or legal advisers the po.et foundation. please not replicate distribute any part this whitepaper without this note accompaniment. part this whitepaper intended create legal relations between recipient this whitepaper legally binding enforceable such recipient against the po.et foundation. updated version this whitepaper may published date determined and announced the po.et foundation due course. introduction problem overview po.et seeks address three key problems that are difficult answer about digital assets the internet today: ownership who owns this digital media asset? utilization may use, license repurpose it? history what the origin this asset and what its trajectory? with the advent the internet, the defensibility established copyright and intellectual property has struggled maintain pace with the reduced cost information sharing. media marketplaces like shutterstock have attempted address this issue creating centralized hubs for licensing and ownership information photos, but these marketplaces are neither interoperable nor they openly and freely share the information with other applications and websites. the issues particular include proper and verifiable attribution ownership, licensing and creation. digital content lacks metadata information such authorship, ownership, history and often the date creation. furthermore, metadata can altered removed after has been finalized the author, transferred the cloud, resized optimized for network performance. this inherent lack verifiable information breeds uncertainty, especially when applied complex chains licensing, syndication and ownership. for example, digital publisher licensing pre-published article does not have the ability certain whether the document its current form authentic and owned and able licensed. currently, there immediate opportunity for open protocol establish the rightful ownership creative assets, but this protocol must allow for inherently complex and adaptable ownership models. mission statement leverage blockchain technology ensure the existence, integrity, attribution assets, analytics and data lay the groundwork for new models financial exchange, collaboration and sharing. such, po.et enables value and trust flow within the publishing and digital media industry between publisher, editor and content creator. core objectives the core objectives po.et are create platform which simplifies the process for publishing, licensing and authentication digital assets. simplifying the publishing process necessitates solving the issues document integrity, licensing, arbitrage, analytics, syndication and attribution digital assets. po.et aims create blockchain-based platform with added smart contract functionality and applications facilitate distribution digital creative works and removes marketplace friction for publishers, editors and content creators solving these issues. stakeholders publisher: any person entity that disseminates digital content, including articles, e-books, digital images, digital videos, etc. for profit. editor: any person entity that curates, compiles selects digital content, including articles, e-books, digital images, digital videos, etc. for profit. content creator: any person entity that produces any form digital content, including articles, e-books, digital images, digital videos, etc. what proof existence? history proof existence, one the first non-financial applications blockchain, was created manuel araoz. this blockchain application allows for users anonymously and securely store cryptographic digest file linked the time which the user submitted the file. this was the first online service allow user publicly prove they possessed certain file data without revealing the data their identity completely trustless manner. proof existence utilizes the bitcoin blockchain ensure that the file's hash permanently stored immutable data structure without the need for central timestamping authority. utility three common uses proof existence include demonstrating data ownership without revealing actual data, document timestamping and validating document integrity. demonstrating data ownership vital when conflict ownership arises because enables user cryptographically prove possession the data that generates the hash. this functionality goes hand hand with document timestamping because timestamping proves that certain set data existed certain point time. using these two features, user can prove possession set data given time, which provides strong evidence support copyright patent claims. third, proof existence facilitates the verification document integrity because modifications within the document will result different hash and alert the system that there has been change. document has not been altered, will produce the same hash that stored the bitcoin blockchain, therefore providing evidence that the document has not been changed. these utilities are beginning align with demonstrable changes legal admissibility such "smart contracts" and records blockchain. taking the lead last year, the state delaware started the delaware blockchain initiative (dbi), probably the most well-known state program focused smart contracts and blockchain technology. delaware's then-governor, jack markell, launched dbi jumpstart recognition blockchain technology under state corporate law, especially significant move considering the many companies incorporated that state. also last year, the state vermont passed bill making possible for blockchain-registered digital records admissible court. more recently, the state arizona introduced the so-called "smart contract bill" early february and quickly landed the governor's desk for signature march that year. arizona's new statute does more than recognize the legality smart contracts also brings any signature, record contract that "secured through blockchain technology" within the ambit the state's electronic transactions act. other jurisdictions could recognize smart contracts under existing state laws modeled the uniform electronic transaction act the federal electronic signatures global and national commerce act, without having pass smart contract- blockchain technology-specific legislation. accordance, group journalists, editors and publishers bitcoin magazine, the first publication focused bitcoin and digital currencies, saw the value leveraging the capabilities publishing digital assets blockchain and engaged esteban ordano and team developers build project that extended proof existence new commercial applications. these commercial applications begin with solving challenges unique digital media, such identifying ownership digital assets, determining whether use piece asset authorized and simplifying the often manual, complicated licensing and onboarding process for outsourced authors, journalists and content creators. thus, po.et, proof existence was born. https://proofofexistence.com/ https://bitcoinmagazine.com/articles/delaware-blockchain-initiative-to-streamline-record-keeping-for-private-companies-/ http://legislature.vermont.gov/assets/documents//docs/bills/h-/h-%as%introduced.pdf http://www.coindesk.com/arizona-governor-signs-blockchain-bill-law/ what po.et? po.et extends the timestamping and hashing features pioneered proof existence enable new commercial applications including additional metadata and discoverability. while proof existence requires users have the original file order verify the file's hash and timestamp, po.et allows for the original file and its metadata discoverable. this makes possible for anyone verify both the authenticity the original file and the associated metadata. po.et uses this shared ledger and data layer create extensible platform designed record ownership and metadata for digital media assets. po.et's platform allows user generate immutable ownership certificate digital works, track and license assets the web, discover new assets and verify the authenticity discovered assets. po.et open source project that designed for the media and digital publishing initially the original industry disrupted the internet. while the internet diminished the barriers entry for publishing and ushered new era self-publishing and access information, po.et aims enable value flow within the publishing and digital media industry, from publisher editor content creator. order so, po.et will enable anyone discover more information about the digital asset(s): who owns it, can licensed repurposed and what its origin publishing trajectory? historically, the answers these questions have been siloed into specific content libraries like getty images, creative commons other licensing organizations. po.et will augment these existing content repositories creating shared, open, universal, metadata framework that will enable smart media applications built top. additionally, po.et's implementation blockchain technology extends the functionality these existing marketplaces enabling users discover and verify their content across the internet. growth the network will provide developers with valuable media data and metadata. this will facilitate the building new and disruptive decentralized applications (dapps) and unique media integrations including asset marketplaces, rights management applications and open research marketplaces. project roadmap applications bootstrapping network po.et's strategy for seeding network and repository rich media information relies providing unique value propositions for different stakeholders each stage the network's growth. just instagram initially created photo editing application before growing into the world's largest photo sharing network, po.et will begin providing publishing tools that are valuable without immediate network effects. po.et's first development era, rosetta, designed attract digital publishers providing them with useful and inexpensive platform for timestamping and generating immutable ownership certificates for their digital assets. the next era, gutenberg, will provide additional features which facilitate seamless licensing, syndication and attribution digital assets among network publishers and trusted content creators. after strong network publishers created, the project will move the third era, alexandria. having strong network publishers will create sufficient critical mass for the project move open network and marketplace independent content creators, editors and publishers. stage one: the rosetta era po.et's first stage designed useful for any publisher. timestamps have been used for many years legal evidence, verify regulatory compliance, manage liability risks and record possession intellectual property. however, they have typically been used only high-value documents like patents because the associated cost. po.et makes trusted timestamps free, accessible and further improves their utility. the first feature integrated into po.et standardized metadata schema for creative works. this enhances internal discoverability creating digital asset catalog and facilitating the search publisher's timestamped assets. associated metadata includes original url, word count, author and publication, well any custom attributes chosen the publishers. this stage, po.et also provides accurate log edits assets and identity management system prove who amended document. users can create po.et profile secured cryptographically private keys stored the po.et authenticator mobile app. identity management, when combined with proof existence, creates immutable edit log which defends against cyberattacks and manipulation assets allowing attribution every change its authorized source. furthermore, multi-signature permission will available ensure only members organization with the proper authority are allowed view make changes any given asset. the next issue po.et addresses the inability for publishers and editors know whether the use digital creative work authentic and authorized. po.et solves this issue providing authentication badge for every digital asset registered po.et. this badge provides visual representation the asset's registration the po.et ledger, allowing users follow the link discover metadata and originating information about the asset, authentication and its use authorized the owner(s). sample badge showing article that verified po.et select use cases timestamping academic research and analysis admissible legal evidence internal discoverability po.et, the rosetta era, not only solves internal issues for publishers, but also provides tool for improving accountability the use academic research and legal industries. bitcoin magazine, po.et alpha partner, currently uses timestamping and badge authentication improve internal discoverability its assets, demonstrate proof ownership and provides readers with verification content authenticity. clicking the badge allows reader view the timestamp given piece content, its related metadata and analytics and immutable edit log with given piece content's complete history. po.et badge indicates proper attribution and provides editors with link reliable document history and performance statistics. researchers industry and academia often have the authenticity and timing claims called into question. patent applications frequently involve disputes about dates and original experiment design. creating immutable record the experimental design and results using the po.et platform, this inherently wasteful aspect research can eliminated. governments are looking streamline rules evidence allow blockchain evidence deemed admissible without expert. u.s. states are leading the way. vermont passed bill that creates presumption admissibility blockchain records that meet certain requirements. admitted records can used evidence contractual parties terms, effective dates, ownership, money transfers, identity, authenticity document anything else. this means that po.et timestamp will provide strong evidence wide variety claims. stage two: the gutenberg era stage two po.et designed distributed network publishers, editors and their trusted content creators. the content network meets critical mass, all the major stakeholders po.et will benefit. publisher will able purchase, distribute and claim content with confidence. editor has access growing asset library and transparent licensing parameters. content creators get exposure more potential revenue and the ability advertise their services more broadly and efficiently. the first features implemented stage two will streamlined licensing system, payment channels and immutable portfolios. anyone using the po.et network will able search for, access the title and license assets registered the po.et ledger. po.et facilitates the secure distribution assets allowing publishers define contracts and individual terms use, employing cryptography automate licensing system that minimizes the roles third parties. publishers, content creators and editors can choose from pre-existing licenses create custom parameters, automate micro-payments and transfer issue licenses. payment channels further improve the experience facilitating payment cycles with custom timing, parameters and terms set out the licensing agreement. this platform direct access can create marketplace for quality assets with lower pricing minimizing the overhead and manual processes needed procure re-publication rights today and facilitating direct relationship between trusted publishers, editors and their distributed teams content creators. the last feature, immutable portfolios, will allow for all content creators create profile highlighting all their creative and digital assets across different publications, with well-defined parameters for licensing globally-creating direct channel for any interested publisher solicit their services license their existing future works.with well-defined parameters for licensing globally-creating direct channel for any interested publisher solicit their services license their existing future works. select use cases isbn replacement discovery marketplace use case enabled the gutenberg era laying the foundation for the replacement the antiquated and expensive international standard book number (isbn) system. isbn the standardized numbering system that allows for any book e-book searched database that contains basic metadata about the author, title and publisher. new isbn required for each edition and format publication. the u.s. and many other countries around the world, this standard numbering system monopolized one private company that charges fees per isbn number. po.et hash not only stores more metadata than isbn number, but also saves publishers money providing this service for free. this stage, po.et enables asset marketplace with native discoverability, search and financial exchange. this marketplace, trusted content creators may submit new, unpublished content. publishers and editors can then search this marketplace, discover content they would like publish, then connect and transact directly the platform using smart contracts automate payments and verification. the po.et platform will also enable content creators incentivize the sharing assets. for example, corporate publisher would attach monetary bounty press release, with licensing terms compensating other publishers for syndicating that asset. today, networks like prweb and newswire perform this function intermediaries. however, po.et would enable content creators connect directly with said publishers. stage three: the alexandria era the third stage where po.et can reach its greatest potential open, public network and asset database. the asset marketplace and other features will just the first many dapps built top po.et. will grow into user-friendly and developer-friendly platform designed connect content creators, publishers and editors streamline the process for contracting, creating and licensing creative works. with the help the early network participants and publishers, po.et will research and develop reputation systems, economic incentives and other methods for fighting spam and promoting quality assets the open po.et network. this stage, po.et's documentation, apis, plugins, tutorials and educational resources make easy for companies, applications and services built top the po.et platform and benefit from access po.et's network and features. the po.et foundation will continue build and implement new dapps improve the po.et network. the open network will allow many others apply po.et's blockchain address new use cases and solve countless other problems. select use cases brand licensing open asset marketplace one potential use during the alexandria era brand licensing. examples brand licensing are found everywhere daily life, from nfl t-shirts donald duck wristwatches spongebob squarepants macaroni. the brand licensing market estimated worth well over billion annually through sales alone. the walt disney company recorded over billion sales coming from licensing product agreements spanning across the globe. the industry, however, has its challenges. copyright infringement original assets and barriers entry keep creators from attaining adequate recognition and compensation. po.et offers innovative solution providing content creators the ability generate immutable ownership certificates and seamless licensing agreements with integrated payments using the blockchainbased network. po.et creates encompassing network which parties can explore unique assets through the po.et network for potential partnerships. this substantially reduces the amount resources required identify partners and simplifies the due diligence required draining process the current brand licensing model. furthermore, this brings unprecedented level accessibility the licensor/licensee relationship under the po.et network. rather than limiting licensing agreements large corporations with huge negotiating power, po.et democratizes peer-to-peer sharing and the expansion brand ideas. http://legislature.vermont.gov/assets/documents//docs/bills/h-/h-%as%introduced.pdf http://www.isbn.org/ http://www.licensemag.com/license-global/top--global-licensors- the po.et token functionality the po.et native token serves several purposes: bootstrap the network effects po.et creating community engaged, invested stakeholders and publishers raise funds for the long-term development po.et. the network grows and improves, the po.et token will evolve with and may serve role the governance and reputation systems for the network. potential additional applications include staking tokens form reputation and providing economic mechanism prevent spam the po.et platform. the token intended serve native payment system for the network, with po.et tokens required register new content, and governance method for the protocol. while this whitepaper does not preclude the po.et foundation from offering holders po.et tokens share the fees and revenue generated from the commercial applications po.et network, such offer, any, and the extent thereof, will the sole and absolute discretion the po.et foundation. accordingly, there assurance whatsoever whether such offer will made and holders po.et tokens should have expectation receiving any such offer. the premises, po.et token should construed, interpreted, classified treated enabling, according any opportunity to, purchasers participate receive profits, income, other payments returns arising from connection with the po.et platform, the po.et tokens the proceeds the po.et token sale (as described this whitepaper), receive sums paid out such profits, income, other payments returns. the po.et token erc compatible token, built the ethereum blockchain for wide compatibility with existing wallets, exchanges, smart contracts and other financial infrastructure. po.et token overview total tokens ,,, ticker poe type erc inflation none token sale start august a.m. est. sale length four weeks fundraising goal $,, usd implied market value po.et tokens (based purchase price token sale and total number po.et tokens created) $,, usd potential revenue streams the rosetta era, all fees will fully subsidized the foundation. the gutenberg era, the licensing system and facilitating payment channels involved therein present opportunities for additional revenue. the development immutable portfolio composition and verification dapps can provide another revenue stream this stage. the alexandria era, po.et foundation revenue streams open the brand licensing and digital asset licensing marketplaces thrive. network effects drive expansion accessibility markets, audiences and revenue for content creators and sources content for editors and publishers. token distribution the ,,, po.et tokens, percent will distributed the community public token sale. the remaining po.et tokens, percent will distributed the early investors who funded po.et development prior the token sale. additional percent will distributed over time publishers, journalists, alpha partners and others who contribute growing the po.et network. the po.et foundation will retain percent all tokens for long-term development, with the remaining percent going the early team and founders. use proceeds the po.et foundation will use all funding support ongoing development and growth the po.et network. the majority funding will used for developer salaries and bounties for open-source contributions po.et. the po.et foundation po.et open-source project being developed the po.et foundation (poet technologies limited), singapore-based organization whose mission develop and grow the po.et platform. the po.et platform codebase will released under the mit license, ensuring that any network participant able extend and adapt the platform for its specific use cases. the po.et foundation will governed board directors composed less than and more than individuals who are either investors, founders, partners, advisors team members po.et. po.et architecture definitions claim: low level concept for statement made the po.et platform. title: claim made one more users regarding the ownership creative work. license: type claim that states that somebody allowed, under given circumstances, license, publish use creative work. notary: any user the system that does the work verifying claims made other people and publish their decision the po.et platform the form certifications. certification: type claim that refers another claim. the mechanism which notary asserts that given claim valid. certification can nullified issuing revocation. revocation: mechanism for notaries revert previous assessments. this allows for corrections due error light new evidence. offer: claim that the owner creative work can emit specify the terms under which will issue license for that work. proof existence proof existence uses the sha- hash file digital identifier for that asset. sha- one many cryptographic hash functions that take arbitrary amount input data and deterministically produces fixed-length output, known the data's "hash." can used easily verify that data has not been altered because any part the input data changed and the hash algorithm run again, the hash will change. proof existence embeds this hash digital identifier the bitcoin blockchain generating special bitcoin transaction that includes the hash using the op_return opcode, which allows for the storage bytes arbitrary data provably unspendable transaction output. the time preparation this paper (june the cost per byte data store the blockchain was approximately satoshis. current bitcoin market price (~$,), the cost store bytes (an estimate basic transaction with the op_return data) $.. this price per claim negligible compared alternative solutions, though bitcoin adoption becomes more widespread, this price expected rise significantly. thus, more efficient way prove existence many claims the same time necessary scale. the po.et protocol the basic building block the po.et network claim. claim simply message (arbitrary data) stored along the public key who sent that message and valid cryptographic signature for that message and public key: claim messages store information that actor wants keep record for future reference. for scalability key strategic differentiator and minimize transaction fees, po.et stores multiple claims single bitcoin transaction hashing entire claim set into op_return output. while the bitcoin blockchain provides the most secure, immutable data store that has ever existed, data storage the blockchain expensive. instead storing assets and metadata the blockchain directly, po.et stores this data distributed hash table, using bittorrent and the kademlia dht network. po.et nodes hash creative works and announce bittorrent magnet link the bitcoin blockchain. other users are notified that this way new information available for download, other nodes constantly watch the bitcoin blockchain get notifications about new claim sets that they can download. the hash proves that the claims existed given point time. po.et could use any blockchain, aggregate multiple blockchains, publish this information the future. today's data format, valid po.et transactions must follow these rules: have least two outputs one the outputs has return standard output with the "poet" prefix written ascii encoding, the infohash the torrent containing the claimset information and the bep tagged info hash that expected replace the use sha for sha one output paying the minimum fee, currently satoshis, the po.et foundation's bitcoin address which will waived during the first era po.et's development cycle. hashing one-way function that proves work existed, but one cannot retrieve the work itself using just the hash. therefore, po.et uses the bittorrent network store the complete works files and allows them shared via torrent. once claim has been made, can queried through interaction with po.et node any other system adhering the po.et protocol. similar process placing claim can used notary add another layer claim certification), revoke claim signal that the claim available licensed (an offer). po.et node po.et node made the following micro services: claimset creator: exposes api for the creation claims, groups together multiple claims created users over short periods time (minutes hour) into single claim set, hashes and timestamps this claim set onto the blockchain and passes the claim set the torrent subsystem and claim processor. torrent service: responsible for downloading and seeding torrents and notifying other subsystems when new information ready consumed. bitcoin scanner: scans the bitcoin blockchain (both ongoing basis and retroactively) looking for valid po.et transactions. claim processor: coordinates the bitcoin scanner and the torrent subsystem, enriches claimset information with blockchain confirmation information and stores the information database. trusted claim system: processes information from the claim processor and filters out only those claims that are certified trusted notaries. the output this curated database trusted claims. copyright domain subsystem: applies the domain-specific rules the information gathered the trusted claim system and exposes the information with restful api. the microservices inside po.et node communicate with each other via rabbitmq and po.et nodes communicate with each other via the bitcoin blockchain and bittorrent protocol. publisher integrations there will main ways write assets the po.et blockchain. single creative works can manually registered through the po.et node ui. the po.et foundation will develop integrations via popular cms plugins (wordpress, django, ghost, drupal, etc.), rss feeds, social media and code libraries for direct integration. for large archives assets and partnerships, the po.et foundation will work with partners run mass import creative works from existing databases, websites apis.