polis greek for community. origin: greece, singular "polis" "community" "city," appearing loanwords from greek decentralized cryptocurrency governed the people. polis whitepaper version the polis development team polispay.org february updated march updated april abstract polis aims change the world through consensus-backed philanthropy and humanitarian efforts. polis blockchain technology revolutionizes altruism aligning economic incentives decentralized community. table contents introduction bitcoin summarized peer-to-peer payment network the blockchain lack community governance comparing polis solving problems implementing solutions polis explained the polis development team and mission the polis community reward system reward calculation decentralized governance system polis marketplace the polis foundation quick start distribution block reward chart lucky proof-of-work block reward polis specifications polis roadmap cryptocurrency for better world polispay card team members acknowledgments .legal references introduction polis cryptocurrency designed for global community. polis uses decentralized governance and system democratic financing generate global impact. most cryptocurrencies are controlled entirely small group developers and insiders. instead, polis flips this model upside-down transferring democratic power the polis community. community members are given vote through masternode ownership. these votes determine which community proposals pass fail. anyone can create community proposal about anything: charitable donation, community event, direct change polis's code base, etc. these proposals are executed and funded the polis foundation. polis connects digital communities and marginalized countries developing areas. supported passionate online community and experienced developers, the polis mission global impact through consensus-backed philanthropy and humanitarian efforts. polis will never have ico because polis available for use all people. development funded low premine and ownership masternodes. this ensures that polis the hands the community. the community makes all future project financing decisions with decentralized governance and voting. polis greek for community. our motto polis empowers people. people thrive when they can connect and trade freely. polis uses decentralized advanced blocks chain technology solve important problems for our global community. bitcoin summarized peer-to-peer payment network polis will never have ico because polis available for use all people. this system allows for greater financial autonomy, requires reliance central authority and grants true control over one's financial assets. since the launch bitcoin, many alternative options and currencies have emerged. evan duffield published the dash whitepaper, proposing payment system that improved bitcoin adding layered, two-tier incentivized masternode network and various transaction upgrades including instantsend and privatesend (dash whitepaper, the blockchain bitcoin's blockchain technology creates blocks combining chronological transactions. these blocks are confirmed network nodes. each these blocks contains the necessary information build prior blocks through the consensus the workers. however, bitcoin does not reward node owners and the number bitcoin nodes has been dwindling, causing the network slow, unstable and expensive. lack community governance another issue with bitcoin the absence community involvement the future the currency. since bitcoin's inception, satoshi nakamoto has remained anonymous. satoshi later delegated control bitcoin early community members and today bitcoin controlled fractured set developers. there general unrest regarding bitcoin consensus, with multiple forks including bitcoin cash, bitcoin gold and others emerging result the community's discontent with the lack democratic decision making. various debates have raged over the past few years over block size increases, segwit, lightning network and more. bitcoin lacks effective way allowing community members vote collective direction, which results fractured group unable reach common consensus. comparing polis solving problems polis solves the two major flaws bitcoin: lack node incentivization system, resulting fewer nodes than the network needs fast and stable. lack community governance, resulting forks, fractured community and general absence direction. implementing solutions polis adds many benefits that bitcoin lacks: powerful masternode network adds second tier computing decentralization. this tier can perform any mathematical financial task that the community implements. currently, the masternode network adds two features: instantsend: perform instant transactions that are irreversible and permanent. privatesend: improved privacy with automated mixing and chaining. polis user connects the masternode network for software features decentralized governance, allowing community members participate the future polis. concepts that bitcoin struggled with, such block size increases, can solved the polis community simply voting proposed change. treasury proposals can further the polis mission funding charitable donations, community assistance programs, disaster relief funds any proposed idea. polis explained the polis development team and mission global group entrepreneurs began collaborating idea that useful, community-controlled charitable cryptocurrency would change the world. polis was launched december the polis development team has multidisciplinary skill sets that synergize for the benefit the polis community. the team's focus generating value for all polis owners, carrying out the will the community and implementing continual upgrades the protocol. the executive team includes: cronos: core developer manager and developer coordinator ares: strategic planning and project leader poseidon: marketing, public relations and regulatory compliance apollo: financial coordinator learn more about each member the team, please see the team members section. the polis vision has continued evolve our network expanded over masternodes. addition working bridge between digital currencies and local goods and services, was proposed that polis could become self-governing system directing financial resources communities need. read more about the mission and vision the polis team, see the polis manifesto. the polis community one month after launch, the polis community grew thousands members with over active masternodes. this group has proven extremely collaborative community enthusiasts, humanitarians and people from all walks life. the decentralized nature polis encourages this type collaborative community allowing for democratic governance with the common goal achieving substantial change our world. polis has fostered creative environment that welcomes and values the opinions, contributions and ideas all community members, who are encouraged speak their minds about the future direction polis. community members with the skills carry out larger projects for polis are empowered and encouraged the development team contribute they see fit. polis collaborative value-added platform constantly being evolved, developed and directed the community and talented development team. the political efficacy each polis community member exponentiates the impact polis can have the world. reward system proof-of-work, proof-of-stake and masternodes are all ways that various cryptocurrencies reward workers. these reward systems contribute the creation and confirmation the blockchain and each new block distributes the reward among those who perform jobs. the polis block reward split such that rewards are allocated masternodes, rewards are allocated miners and are allocated community-governed treasury fund. polis includes unique lucky block system called lucky proof-of-work. this system rewards both miners and masternodes owners who find specific block, introducing element luck and excitement the polis community. polis block reward distribution reward calculation the polis code base dictates that masternode rewards fluctuate based the current number masternodes. calculate daily masternode payouts, one can use the following formula: (n/t) number masternodes owned total active masternodes current block reward blocks per day decentralized governance system the polis block reward allocates into community-governed treasury fund. this fund fully open audit the public, providing assurance the fund's intended use. the polis decentralized and self-financing governance system empowers the community steer the direction polis. this system allows anyone make governance proposal using proposal.polispay.org. proposals are voted masternodes direct the future the currency and projects. polis marketplace polis equipped used fully-fledged instant and fungible currency, ready for wide-spread real-world use. encourage rapid proliferation polis adoption, the polis development team plans launch the polis marketplace. allowing anyone trade polis directly for goods and services, the community can achieve several goals: foster healthy polis economy, increase decentralization polis distribution allowing anyone trade goods services for polis instead needing exchange fiat, and grow the network increasing transaction throughput. the polis foundation the polis development team working establish the polis foundation, registered non-profit legal entity dedicated carrying out the philanthropic vision the polis community. the decentralized governance system approves proposals, the polis foundation responsible for carrying out these proposals using the treasury fund. this legal entity fully compliant with transparency requirements for non-profit organizations and fully auditable any polis community member. the polis foundation will establish relationships with charities, communities, social movements and crisis organizations facilitate the implementation community proposals swift, professional and reliable manner. quick start distribution quick start distribution incentivized early adopters and miners help establish polis. the initial block reward polis. encourage healthy rapid adoption, block reward remains fixed polis for four years. starting the fifth year, the block reward reduced until after the tenth year, upon which time the reward obtained entirely from transaction fees. block reward chart lucky proof-of-work block reward the polis protocol features lucky proof-of-work block. similar superblock, lucky pow blocks have special block reward. polis lucky pow blocks occur the following blocks: and polis specifications specifications value ticker polis algorithm rpc port port testnet rpc port testnet port difficulty algorithm dark gravity wave block size block time seconds masternode blocks confirmation masternode collateral polis governance fee polis governance minimum votes quorum polis roadmap polis has aggressive roadmap for the polis development team dedicated rapidly expanding the polis technology and capabilities. additions and suggestions the roadmap are encouraged and welcomed. research development initial polis release community members polis trading exchanges polis team established release whitepaper windows, ios linux wallets polis trading exchanges community members masternode development strategic plan formation grow marketing team and plan decentralized governance community members join team new dynamic website android and ios wallets establish polis foundation community forum governance proposals release polis cryptopia listing masternode milestone polispay card development launch polispay card globally partnership with gbx, xmcc colx release updated whitepaper revise roadmap and vision website development blog digital banner marketing campaign establishment polis offices polis team building advertise polis core values complete translation project launch major exchanges fundraising for growth launch payment gateways social work initiatives picked community widespread democratic input design polis marketplace polis brand image update film promotional videos social community projects launch major exchanges polis marketplace goes live events and promotion release promotional advertisements launch polis charity project cryptocurrency for better world under decade, cryptocurrencies have revolutionized global finances. every day, more people understand the change and benefits cryptocurrencies bring our world. cryptocurrency inherently morally-neutral technology. aligning incentives the polis protocol, the neutrally moral nature cryptocurrencies can transformed into positive and powerful force change our world. instead debating code changes, common with bitcoin, polis can quickly implement changes and then debate more important issues, like how fund disease prevention programs, how help victims natural disaster any other need that appears the world. polis digital community running digital currency. polis uses hive-mind collaboration understand the world's needs and respond accordingly. polis integrates into the real-world allowing users freedom move between digital and fiat currencies, giving people full autonomy over their financial futures. the polis marketplace establishes thriving exchange goods and services, promoting the mission polis and increasing adoption. lastly, the polis foundation implements community governance proposals allow completely democratic control over not just the direction polis, but also the specific impacts polis has our world. polispay card the polis development team proud announce the release polispay card, payment card solution allowing anyone spend polis, bitcoin and dash over million merchants worldwide. working collaboration with other communities, the polis development team has established formal partnerships with gobyte, monoeci and colossusxt. these coins will officially supported the polispay platform and will additionally allow for conversion into fiat. these partnerships have been meticulously selected based their impressive growth, technical development and community involvement. the polispay card being aggressively developed and collaboration with the developers gbx, xmcc and colx enables valuable cross-compatibility. additionally, the polis development team has hired experienced credit card merchant service provider for the physical release polispay cards. available globally for usd, polispay cards offer convenience and reliability with multiple currency options. several outcomes are foreseen from the release polispay: greatly increased liquidity due increased market throughput real-world use-case for polis creating rising economic demand powerful word-of-mouth marketing from using cryptocurrencies daily life industry recognition polis the forefront cutting-edge development easy conversion from polis into fiat and vise versa development and distribution physical payment cards sizable undertaking. the executive team has assessed the feasibility global launch and have taken proper actions, including establishing partnerships across multiple industries, ensure polispay success. the community will heavily involved the design, testing and vision polispay. the first real-world polis transactions mark powerful milestone. polispay marks positively significant shift the development and future polis. therefore, all published media has been updated accordingly. team members ares chief executive officer ceo polis and member the board directors, ares has years experience managing socially oriented companies. has worked internationally advisor different organizations. ares has been president non-profit organizations focused education and technology. dedicated the polis mission: create humanitarian impact through cryptocurrency. also, ares has vast experience the implementation total quality systems. his leadership skills and administrative experience make him well equipped lead polis into the future. cronos chief technology officer cronos the original creator polis. cto and board directors member, cronos uses his passion for technology and cryptocurrency lead polis technical development. expert multiple programming languages and digital economies. cronos became involved cryptocurrency and instantly understood the potential this emerging technological field. cronos and the polis development team created polis empower people. currently leads polis research and development create new protocol including the upcoming metropolis. apollo chief business officer apollo chief business officer and board directors member. earned masters business management and has served director various companies. apollo has experience corporate lawyer and has founded his own non-profit civil association. entrepreneur heart, apollo has directed startup accelerator silicon valley. has wide resume including real estate development and building business empire the communications industry. poseidon chief business officer poseidon chief business officer and board directors member. has generated rapid business growth general director numerous service companies. poseidon has co-founded companies the technology, services and humanity sectors. has also taught international lecturer and worked strategic planning consultant. specialist corporate finance and passionate marketer, poseidon brings many skills the team. also real estate developer and member the american marketing association. hephaestus community manager hephaestus our community manager. has experience fostering collaborative communities both off and online. cooldude digital manager cooldude manages and creates digital content for polis. also advisor the polis team. tomflex cryptocurrency advisor tomflex founding member the polis community. has collaborated with the polis team from our earliest days. jackma community marketing advisor jackma our community marketing advisor who focuses marketing initiatives and promotions. yoyae node api manager yoyae worked with the polis development team create the polis node api. has experience creating apis for insight, bitcored and copay. evolbyte tech support lead evolbyte leads our tech support team. holds masters computer science. acknowledgments this project would not possible without the previous work the bitcoin and dash development teams. appreciate their efforts greatly. are excited belong open source community and appreciate the opportunity contribute this growing technological field. addition, thank the passionate members the polis community who have grown this project and participated actively the evolution polis. legal cryptocurrency investments are inherently high risk. before using any cryptocurrency, important consider the nature, complexity and risk. not invest more than you can afford lose. important not use coins without taking into account the possible loss, since the type change these currencies highly volatile and the polis team unable regulate market-defined prices. strongly suggest seeking advice from your own financial, investment, tax, legal adviser. the polis development team will always act good faith and not liable for the use polis other community members, persons institutions. references bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system: https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf dash white paper: https://dashpay.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/doc/pages//whitepaper thank you for being member the polis community.