polymath the securities token platform trevor koverko*, chris housser+ february abstract form blockchain fundraising called initial coin offering (ico) has existed since july over the last two years, the ico model has been used hundreds organizations raise more than billion usd. government agencies are now analyzing the securities implications this non-traditional form financing, with potential consequences for icos that violate securities laws. this paper present polymath, protocol facilitate the primary issuance and restrict the secondary trading blockchain security tokens. polymath uses blockchain-based protocol that provides suite tools coordinate and incentivize participants collaborate and launch financial products the blockchain. creating standard token protocol which embeds defined requirements into the tokens themselves, these tokens can only purchased and traded among verified participants. securities regulation for centuries, the regulation securities has encountered cycles increased regulation and deregulation. new regulations were enacted response major economic disaster [], and deregulation resulted from movements ease the requirements regulatory compliance effort stimulate economic growth []. the bubble act the early shares the south sea company experienced unprecedented rise price that appeared decoupled from their fundamental value. the founders opportunistically cashed out their shares. investors followed suit and raced sell before the value the stock cratered. south sea company shares plunged and induced what was perhaps the first global stock market crash. around this time, english statute called the bubble act was passed (june the bubble act required companies get royal charter before selling shares []. this day, the u.s., companies are formed making state filing that grants their existence. trevor@polymath.network chris@polymath.network the securities act and securities exchange act the began with many companies selling securities based promises large profits backed little, even fraudulent, supporting information. the subsequent stock market crash and ensuing great depression prompted new set regulations which form the basis modern securities law the u.s. the securities act had two main objectives: require investors receive financial and other material information concerning securities being offered for public sale. prohibit deceit, misrepresentations, and other fraud the sale securities. the securities exchange act was introduced year later regulate the secondary sale securities--sales taking place after security has been initially offered company. the exchange act also established the united states securities and exchange commission (sec) order enforce its provisions. the sec's enforcement mandate has now grown include the enforcement of, and rule-making under, the securities act and other security laws, including one the most recent security laws, the sarbanes-oxley act [], which was enacted after accounting and related scandals. companies are responsible for satisfying reporting requirements and disclosure obligations set the sec else risk enforcement action, and some cases private litigation, for providing fraudulent incomplete information for violations the many substantive and technical rules that have grown volume over the years. the dodd-frank act the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act came into law with widespread implications []. these represented "sweeping overhaul the financial regulatory system, transformation scale not seen since the reforms that followed the great depression" and caused compliance costs dramatically increase. the increased costs, complexity, and annual reporting requirements applicable public companies result the dodd frank act and other growth regulatory burdens have kept even large tech firms out the public market recent years. the effect u.s. securities regulation extends beyond the country's boundaries. the largest and often best market raise capital, the rules and regulations governing u.s. securities are particularly relevant for many the world's private and public companies looking raise funds. despite the many regulatory considerations, the integrity and confidence the u.s. markets and safety the u.s. dollar continue draw capital from investors worldwide. market context the global securities market composed three major instrument types: equities, debt, and derivatives. these three markets had total notional values trillion, trillion, and quadrillion, respectively []. primary markets the primary securities market allows for companies, governments, and public sector institutions raise capital directly from investors offering registered securities the context public offering, offering securities under exemption the context unregistered offering. order sell the public, regulators have required companies register securities order (i) protect investors ensuring public dissemination information, and (ii) prohibit misrepresentation other fraud the sale securities []. should private company decide "go public", capital can raised through registered offerings. this typically done via process known underwriting, where investment bank syndicate securities dealers determines the price the security that investors are willing accept, bears the risk selling the security the public, and profits from the spread. follow-on offerings allow companies raise additional funds issuing more securities. companies with combined year-end market cap billion went public way initial public offering (ipo) alone []. costs related the issuance securities, including those related regulatory compliance, are substantial. they typically range from the amount raised []. secondary markets previously issued securities are bought and sold the secondary market. these securities include equity shares, debt, and more "exotic" instruments. secondary exchanges such the new york stock exchange provide centralized, highly liquid secondary markets for trading securities. other secondary markets exist "over the counter", where the owner the security must manually contact and trade with registered broker-dealer. the costs transacting secondary markets vary widely, ranging from the total trade amount. global equity trading all online order books totalled trillion and bond trading totalled trillion. related transaction costs are estimated least billion []. private markets regulatory bodies generally provide exemptions for private and public companies wishing avoid onerous disclosure requirements and large fees related public offerings, usually structuring offerings that undue risks the general public are avoided. the united states and canada, these exemptions center around "accredited investors" investors with enough financial savvy, assets, combination the two considered competent make their own decisions and sustain any losses. for example, under rule regulation the securities act, amended [], the sec allows companies issue securities accredited investors, subject restrictions marketing, general solicitation, and, usually due other regulations, number investors. new regulations enacted allow certain public offerings sold small amounts non-accredited investors without full registration. however, there are still significant restrictions who can contribute, how much they can contribute, and the total amount the business can raise [], well sec filings that are intended provide fulsome information investors but include many technical requirements and are expensive. businesses that need access larger pool investors higher individual contributions often struggle raise funds. another downside private markets that, because their issuance has been simplified but trading has not been, they are far less liquid and have robust market makers price discovery mechanisms; investors may unable sell their shares for years, all. blockchain technology historically, transactions have depended processes that build much needed trust--that is, each party must offer evidence that has the capacity hold its end the bargain. one party hands over cash, and the other party fails deliver the security, serious market inefficiencies arise. financial intermediaries-- whether for commercial reasons due regulatory mandate--have blossomed every place that market integrity lacking, order provide assurances that the markets will function without undue friction. the blockchain can resolve that issue. for the first time history, immutable, decentralized ledger exists global scale, eliminating the need for middlemen, complex auditing systems, and long settlement times. open (permissionless) protocols mean settlements longer depend connecting fragmented legacy systems. additionally, because the ledger append-only (existing records are immutable), provides high degree accountability, with blockchain timestamping built-in. other words, reliable audit trail built into the technology. the most commonly used methods for ensuring consensus blockchain are proof work and proof stake. they ensure truthful consensus making the costs manipulating the network greater than the profit made from such deceitful transactions. for example, the bitcoin blockchain, the cost censoring new transactions the time this writing would billions dollars []. few entities have the capability pull off such attack, and the network grows, the cost attacks increases, making them increasingly improbable. the most popular blockchains are decentralized. transactions are algorithmic and the security the network maintained thousands independent nodes. block-chain systems eliminate the need trust the operators centralized system. without single source truth lobby, blackmail, bribe, the decentralized model greatly reduces the chance regulatory capture. blockchain technology opens the possibility more transparent markets that are less susceptible the control financial oligopolies operating within regulatory environment they have helped create. smart contracts over the past few years, turing-complete programming languages have been implemented into decentralized blockchains. these systems use "smart contracts" (software programs stored on-chain that are automatically implemented upon specific conditions being satisfied), add and modify data algorithmically however user designs it. this data extends well beyond simple account balances, and may include metadata, account restrictions, transfer rules, well any other calculations regular computer can perform. the most widely used turing-complete blockchain, ethereum, grew out frustration with trying implement complex logic top bitcoin []. ethereum simplifies the task implementing complex financial logic blockchain. with only few lines code, smart contracts can transfer assets establish escrow conditions executed algorithmically, with all the benefits blockchains described earlier. other words, two parties enter into smart contract, and each party presents their asset, the transaction automatically effected without risk failure; one party fails present its asset, the other party retains its asset and can move on. there risk payment one side, and the failure deliver the other side. the smart contract can designed effect transaction instantaneously, can designed effect upon future conditions begin met. initial coin offerings recently, smart contracts have been used for initial coin offerings (icos) token sales. these tokens usually conform standard (e.g. erc erc, which are ethereum-based technologies that generally allow for exchange tokens the same standard), which allows them offered for sale and trade number online platforms. the global adoption various forms token sales ico fundraising structures has led explosion new capital formation--whether through virtual currencies (representing means transfer value but not backed other functionality promise), utility tokens (software that might access goods services, rather than being designed financial instrument), tokenized securities like equity companies--that has outpaced both the seed and venture capital investment markets. icos and other sales have raised billion date. alone, ico funding surpassed billion []. unfortunately, some icos have made inaccurate, and some cases fraudulent, claims attempt raise funds, which has attracted the attention regulators number countries and pressed regulators consider whether formally bring the investor protections securities laws bear the diverse universe transferable tokens various kinds. noted above, besides straightforward virtual currencies, there are, effect, two basic kinds tokens sold token sale ico: utility tokens and security tokens. utility tokens are used access services assets, which are themselves often based smart contract technology. the purchase utility token akin purchasing the rights use software product. these tokens are like pay-per-use saas offerings, subscriptions content, means compensate contributors platform manner similar ingame currencies. general rule, tokens representing the sale products are exempt from the securities act the [], provided they not constitute "investment contract" defined the howey test (or otherwise meet the fairly complicated definition "security") such that they are deemed securities offering []. other jurisdictions have similar regulations and common law tests determine sale good, contract product represents securities offering. one kind security tokens represent equity stake organization, claim the wealth generated its activities. sales issuances these tokens with these features tend constitute securities offering, which means that they are subject securities regulations; issuers need ensure that token sales comply with all applicable securities laws risk severe penalties. registrations and exemptions must considered, and the efficient transferability tokens that the core their technology may stifled regulatory apparatus that requires intermediaries and government filings various kinds. contrast traditional securities offerings, the general public still does not have good grasp the truly wide range products and technology underlying the many tokens that technologists have created, and because securities regulators are still only beginning think about developing rules for this space, regulatory bodies have temporarily resorted issuing warnings []. ico investors are cautioned about the investment and enforcement risks icos, and issuers--even pure coders who think they are just pushing blockchain's revolutionary technology advances the next level--are reminded that they could subject securities laws despite their perception the contrary. regulators are applying increasing legal scrutiny towards token sales ensure compliance where appropriate. some icos have cancelled their offerings after discussions with regulators, while others face the risk prosecution []. the roots the ico boom the ico boom driven creation the ease transferring value via the blockchain, excitement about this new form selling software engaging fundraising, the many investors excited the technology, and pent demand induced the current regulatory regime. the cost, complexity and delay associated with many types existing financing options can significant barrier successful financing. even for those who can afford the time and money overcome those barriers and, for example, access the largest potential investor base through public offerings (ipo and follow-on offerings) may find that the ongoing reporting requirements, costs linked this approach, and other risks may not worth the benefits. one the major benefits public offering, broad investor base aside, the exit opportunity provides the initial shareholders company who first showed faith its promise and accepted the risk that the company would fail. the national economy can benefit from making easier for capital find its most suitable target support growth and innovation. however, due part the ever-growing costs associated with going public, even large private companies are often opting for alternative financing methods growth strategies (e.g. uber and airbnb). while many companies would love "unicorns" (private companies with valuations above billion) and obtain high levels venture capital financing, the reality that raising funds can very difficult. smaller companies are often restricted the size their accessible investor base, which severely limits fundraising upside and minimizes the chances achieving liquidity event like ipo. this trend can cause problems for company's employees, founders and investors. employees' stock options are reduced value the chance profitable exit diminishes. company owners lose out opportunities raise revenue order expand increase their runway. retail investors are prevented from investing early stage, high-growth companies. and the economy loses out the opportunity for money fund the most promising advances. the polymath solution the polymath platform opens the blockchain legally compliant securities offerings with network services designed lower associated transaction costs over time. high level, polymath: provides decentralized protocol for trading security tokens. enables individuals and institutions authenticate their identity, residency, and accreditation status participate wide range security token offerings (stos). allows legal delegates bid new issuances represent issuers offerings done regulatory compliant manner. matches issuers with developers who can translate issuers' security offering parameters into secure code that generates erc compatible tokens. polymath's system can modeled tools for set participants, assets, marketplaces, and processes. participants investors: individual consumers institutions wishing purchase trade security tokens. issuers: entities that wish sell security tokens. legal delegates: delegates place bids, including proposals with enforceable on-chain restrictions. delegates can also act representatives off-chain help guide issuers through the compliance process. kyc providers: order participate the system, ethereum addresses need matched with investors. these investors may also wish accredited relevant jurisdictions order remove certain investment restrictions. kyc (know your customer) provider validates the real identities participants and performs due diligence accredit them. developers: software engineers who create review initial offering contracts for security tokens. assets poly tokens: the core utility tokens that power the polymath system. poly token standard erc token. polymath chaincode: the heart the polymath platform are set smart contracts. these serve coordinate interactions between participants. polymath smart contracts are deployed ethereum, but could linked other platforms. polymath.js: polymath.js javascript library that simplifies interacting with the polymath chaincode, well set tools for encrypting documents using ethereum's addressing scheme and generating cryptographic proof process artifacts (see appendix encryption). marketplaces all amounts the marketplaces are denominated poly, and the management escrowing and releasing fees performed polymath smart contract. this section provides overview each marketplace. kyc provider marketplace: this marketplace matches individuals with kyc providers who offer validation and accreditation services their jurisdictions. kyc providers post the cost use their services. legal delegate marketplace: all securities must through the legal delegate process. legal delegates help issuers complete this process and complete the steps for issuance. for each new potential security token, delegates bid the cost representing that issuer during the process. the platform assumes knowledge about the delegates, and the issuer their own due diligence about the legal delegate's claims and credentials. given the nature the transparent blockchain, third parties will able track the number issuances done particular delegate. this added information should help issuers decide which delegate use. delegates are also required through kyc validation. developer marketplace: issuers may wish have their security token offering (sto) contract created reviewed one more smart contract developers. developers are able bid these jobs. processes its core, the polymath system collection processes for managing the interactions between participants. this section outlines how securities are planned issued the polymath platform, how polymath provides framework for legal delegates and service providers enable regulatory compliance jurisdictions worldwide, and how the polymath platform can help issuers through this complex legal process while aiming improve the security, auditability, and accountability the securities market. order illustrate this process, the next few sections will walk through the primary processes intend implement the polymath system from the point view several hypothetical participants. investor onboarding sophia wishes invest security token the polymath platform. order purchase tokens, she needs have her identity and accreditation status validated kyc provider. sophia uses web interface view data, stored polymath smart contract, about kyc providers. sophia lives brazil, she begins limiting her search only those providers who offer kyc services her country. review providers, she sorts them cost and the number identities they have successfully validated. because the smart contract also stores urls for these providers, sophia can review their web page and web search for the company, contact them directly she wishes additional assurances. once sophia has chosen kyc provider, she indicates her willingness work with this provider sending transaction with the required amount poly tokens the smart contract which manages the kyc marketplace. these tokens will held escrow until the process has been completed. the smart contract records sophia's ethereum address and chosen provider, but personal details. soon the kyc process begins, sophia and the kyc provider can upload and review documents, and work through the kyc provider's checklist. polymath provides library polymath.js power secure, auditable document sharing, but does not have access view the documents themselves (see appendix encryption). once the kyc provider has finished validating sophia's identity, the kyc provider sends transaction the polymath smart contract specifying sophia's jurisdiction. sophia has asked accredited, the kyc provider will note this well. along with details relating sophia's jurisdiction and accreditation status, the kyc provider can use polymath.js produce final hash record blockchain. this way, the identity validation process can audited later time, long the auditor given access the documents sophia the kyc provider (see appendix proof process). where required law, security broker will engaged the investor and will address matters suitability assessment, the holding securities, and other customary matters required the relevant jurisdiction. sophia now able buy and sell relevant categories security tokens the polymath platform. polymath's smart contracts enforce any the limits her investing. this kyc validation will also used validate her identity and eligibility trade the secondary market with other investors with validated identities. issuer launches security token acme corporation wishes sell security tokens raise capital for its venture. begins with ethereum transaction propose new security token. acme's name, ticker, and other public information stored the chain. should choose so, acme can use multiple signature digital wallet for all its transactions make sure that the correct combination officers are signing. from technical standpoint, the issuer starts this process making call the polymath createnewsecuritytoken function, specifying the desired secu- rity token details (i.e. type security, rights contained the security, desired amount raise, company name, ticker, etc). their new standard security token instantly created--although not yet useful--and stored registrar contract the ethereum blockchain. the total supply owned the issuer and non-transferrable until the legal delegate and issuer confirm that the steps have been completed for the token issued. the point where the token has merely been created, any legal delegates the polymath platform are notified this proposed issuance real time using the event logging functionality built into ethereum. they are able propose legal details for the offering (e.g. jurisdictions investors, type offering under relevant regulations, hold time before tokens can resold) well the legal delegates' bounty (see appendix successful issuances). acme corporation reviews these bid details, and ensures that enough poly sent the security token contract cover the costs the chosen bid. then acme and the legal delegate work together through the compliance process. polymath provides web interface for sharing documents structured way and generating merkle hash trees from documents. acme can choose which these documents they share with the public. this allows the polymath system used get longevity digital documents faster, easier, and more secure format than previously possible--i.e., security token offering audited, the issuer can provide documents that are cryptographically signed and timestamped the blockchain, and can explain the process which was taken (see appendix proof process). once all steps the compliance process have been completed and verified the issuer and the legal delegate, the delegate will advise the issuer the investor requirements (jurisdictions and accreditation flags) for this security token offering. the investor requirements will limit who can hold tokens residents certain jurisdictions, set limits whether non-accredited investors may invest, and place other restrictions the issuer deems appropriate. this stage the issuance process, bounty assigned the legal delegate, but locked until successful issuance other event payment occurs pursuant the smart contract (see appendix successful issuances). note that each sto its own smart contract. this contract ensures that all security tokens related that contract are traded accordance with any rules that result from the compliance process, and the smart contract can updated the issuer reflect corporate events and the like. these contracts use the kyc registry contract authority identity/address pairs. this allows investors participate multiple offerings without going through the kyc process multiple times, tracks that investor's limitations, and provides for the updating the kyc process for investor the kyc provider deems appropriate. token purchase story sophie interested purchasing shares common stock issued acme part its security token offering. she has already completed the kyc process and reviewed the offering documentation with her financial and tax advisors, but she still needs check that she allowed participate the offering. because the issuer hasn't blocked her kyc provider, residents brazil, because sophia has the correct level accreditation, and because sophia's broker enables the transaction, she can purchase tokens. acme has posted hash all necessary documents related the offering the blockchain, and made the documents available online. all purchase transactions must come with hash the documents. token exchanges wishing act forum where their customers can invest the initial offering should ensure that purchasers are advised the existence these documents. including the hash the documents, investors like sophie are affirming their understanding the contents. polymath.js includes tool validate that the document hasn't been altered (any alteration would change the associated hash). security token offering contract story order allow more fine grained requirements securities offering, legal delegates work with smart contract developers create new sto contracts. for example, security token requires that all investor tokens locked for one year after the initial offering, the sto contract able enforce this. sto contracts allow the issuer have control over the offering while reducing time and cost market reusing existing contracts that have already undergone security audits and have been used without issue others. developers who create sto contracts using polymath tools are incentivized the ability earn royalties. every time developer's sto contract used, the developer will receive payout from the issuers (also locked until successful issuance other event payment, see appendix successful issuances). additionally, because there record the blockchain previous stos the contract has been used for, there incentive build reputation for associated contract developers. the issuer able approve the security token for initial offering calling the setsto function with contract address, start time, and end date the offering. the issuer also has the discretion execute independent reviews the sto contract and once satisfied, can transfer the security tokens owns the sto contract, making the securities available for sale after the start time. kyc provider story kyc provider can join the polymath network calling the newprovider function with its desired fee per verification and url that points page explaining its services for polymath users. kyc providers are notified when investor requests verification runs algorithm determine jurisdiction and accreditation status, and calls the verifycustomer function set the investor's verifications. the investor will also include sufficient fee specified the kyc provider that held escrow until successful issuance other event payment. legal delegate story order join the polymath platform, legal delegate sends transaction with its base poly fee and details about the law firm. among other things, would include url that points page its website with information about its services for issuers the platform. this web page should also include the ethereum address the law firm prove that the firm has authorized the individual lawyers act with respect the polymath platform. once the platform, legal delegates can receive notifications when new posts for new issuances arrive, and bid them. addition their bids, legal delegates can post bond poly. this bond indicates the issuer that the legal delegate willing ensure the quality its work some limit. the legal delegate would set amount poly, how long the bond would force (from the time the security sales begin), and "burn" threshold. order destroy the legal delegate's bond, percentage the total security tokens greater than this threshold would have vote burn the delegate's tokens. the votes burn exceed the threshold within the bond period, all poly tokens the bond are destroyed. not, the poly moved back into the delegates main account and can used for any other purpose. the security token holders have built-in incentive burn the delegates' poly, and would have take positive steps so, expected that voting burn would only happen significant issues made token holders want strip the delegate its bond. token sale story sophie ready rebalancing her investment porfolio and wishes sell her acme tokens. polymath open protocol, meaning sophie can visit any supporting exchange sell her tokens long her broker (if required) has enabled the transaction. each exchange will have its own rules for who may buy and sell security tokens it; for example, some jurisdictions, the exchanges will limited those that have registered appropriate capacity with the local security regulator. the protocol rules allow sophie sell her tokens any qualified buyer, provided any hold period the tokens has expired and other restrictions are place. james buyer the marketplace who wishes purchase the securities sophie intends sell. order enable the transfer these security tokens james, the polymath platform exposes public interface for any exchange validate james' accreditation and jurisdiction status based his public ethereum address. once validated, and subject any required enabling james' broker, transfer james' public ethereum address able occur. the issuer's transfer agent will then oversee the automated updating the issuer's share registry and fulfill any related regulatory requirements. how token sales are restricted for purpose regulatory compliance security tokens are different from the current blockchain model, where tokens are freely tradable after the primary issuance. bearer securities, meaning securities that are deemed owned whoever holds them, are illegal most jurisdictions. various numerical and other thresholds can, exceeded, result significant regulatory obligations for issuer. issuers and financial intermediaries owe duties with respect tax reporting. regulations provide protections some cases from hostile takeovers and other actions shareholders who may seek acquire, control influence company. corporate documents securities terms provide for various rights voting, tender offers, dividends, income and other rights that must reach the relevant security holder. the pro- vision ongoing information the public the security holder tends required. the uniform commercial code and variants many jurisdictions have developed provide process which the successful transfer security from one person another has been formalized and made predictable. for these and variety other reasons, security tokens must trade differently from other erc tokens, bitcoin, virtual currencies, and other digital assets. addition, token exchanges generally not list security tokens order avoid regulatory enforcement for dealing securities. with the advent decentralized and even anonymous exchanges, this form regulation becomes difficult and has caused some governments ban token sales entirely. with freely open secondary trading, issuers would unable determine the identity, jurisdiction and accreditation status its securities holders, and would unable comply with applicable law, with potentially major consequences for the company, its management, its security holders, and the customer base for the company's products. polymath seeks solve this problem addressing secondary markets the protocol level withing the existing regulatory and commercial frameworks. when security token created and issued through polymath, the token programmed verify who can buy and sell the token. the security token restricts token holders from trading any address that has not passed the required verifications. with this baked-in restriction, even decentralized and anonymously run exchanges, such exchanges jurisdictions that not impose substantive regulations, will only able conduct trades authorized participants consistent with the issuer's requirements. the restrictions provide issuers assurance that their tokens will only held authorized investors and will subject those other restrictions that the issuer wishes place the securities. this fundamentally changes the securities market. the need for operating and maintaining centralized exchange disappears almost entirely because the security token self regulating. additionally, ushers securities onto new decentralized secondary market with different fee structure, instant settlement times, and around the clock trading. security, scalability and auditability the document audit trail and data from the security token creation and compliance processes are uploaded the transparent and fully auditable ethereum blockchain. compared with current centralized and vulnerable storage systems for securities offerings such the sec's edgar database the united states, polymath seeks prevent high-profile hacks from occurring isolating the storage each security offering. this all-digital approach allows for much more efficient and scalable system, which important given that the edgar system currently processing million document requests and over million electronic filings per year []. many non-u.s. jurisdictions have similar online system with such easy access. polymath allows for records related the security questions validated, without having validate all other blockchain data that unrelated, thus reducing the validation from hundreds gigabytes data fraction that amount. for documentation that will have uploaded edgar, the hope that issuer's documentation will easier compile for filing purposes once the polymath tools are utilized. polymath tokens (poly) order power this new platform for the issuance and trading regulatory compliant securities the ethereum blockchain, erc standard polymath (poly) token will created and distributed network participants. one billion poly tokens will minted and additional poly tokens will ever minted after that. poly tokens are the underlying economic unit the polymath marketplace. poly token allows value created the system captured the system itself. just almost all countries have their own currency, requiring these transactions poly sets incentives remain the system. all transactions were ether (the native currency ethereum), then participants wouldn't storing value the polymath platform. requiring that people hold (and transact) poly, participants become subject the same forces incentivization that have helped ecosystems like ethereum (and many called "alt-coins") explode into active and diverse communities that their products can remain viable and useful. meanwhile, systems without their own native coin with "pegged" coin (e.g. mastercoin) have struggled develop growing even sustainable communities all-important network effects. the following sections, describe how poly tokens are used throughout the platform. issuers issuers are able post bounties poly tokens, order encourage legal delegates and developers bid providing services towards the issuance. the size bounty posted the discretion the issuer. highly complex securities offerings will likely require greater amount poly. factors that will determine the complexity include issuer jurisdiction, investor jurisdiction(s), accreditation requirements, and token transferability limits. the higher bounty the issuer places, the more likely they will receive wider variety bids from legal delegates and developers. fees will generally payable after security token issuance and also upon enumerated events payment. possible that, over time, efficiencies could make issuance less expensive. developers developers will earn poly for creating sto contracts. order incentivize developers create security token contracts, they will required have these poly fees locked for minimum months after the end date the security token offering. fees will generally payable after security token issuance and also upon enumerated events payment. kyc providers kyc providers pay poly fee join the network. this fee identify legitimate kyc providers who can make this back fees earned over time from investor verifications, potentially even after single successful issuance. furthermore, they can specify fee paid each investor requesting verifications (i.e. set amount poly). investors investors seeking purchase security tokens will required pay poly fee kyc providers for verification. verified investors are then eligible trade security tokens, subject any additional requirements imposed their broker, issuer, exchanges. additionally, where not prohibited law, investors' payment for security tokens may required use poly, but this the issuer's discretion. legal delegates legal delegates are able earn poly tokens (i) proposing bids security token issuances and (ii) being selected the issuer take responsibility for the issuance. along with their bids, they can specify how long they are willing lock their bounty. summary the polymath platform designed lower the barriers for businesses and issuers financial products launch security tokens the blockchain. introducing the tools for simple marketplace for securities issuances and secondary trading, the polymath platform can help bridge the gap between traditional securities and blockchain-based asset ownership and investment opportunities. polymath presents open protocol for issuers, intermediaries, and participants issue and trade security tokens, and could ultimately help usher complex, global, regulatory landscape onto the ethereum block-chain. this technology can lower the barrier entry, could help spur economic growth and opportunities more people and more places than ever before. with the multi-trillion dollar securities industry coming the blockchain, the polymath platform provides technological tools for individuals and companies participate valuable blockchain-based asset ownership and investment opportunities. acknowledgements would also like show gratitude matt asher, eme housser and david johnston for their invaluable feedback and contributions. references harris, the bubble act: its passage and its effects business organization. the journal economic history vol. no. pp. securities act (last edited april retrieved from https://www.sec.gov/about/laws/sa.pdf. securities exchange act (last edited august retrieved from https://www.sec.gov/about/laws/sea.pdf. sweet, dodd-frank act becomes law. the harvard law school forum corporate governance and financial regulation. july https://corpgov.law.harvard.edu////dodd-frank-actbecomes-law/. jumpstart our business startups (jobs) act) (last edited april retrieved from https: //www.congress.gov//plaws/publ/plaw-publ.pdf. five years sarbanes-oxley july). the economist. retrieved from http://www.economist.com/node/. alan. capital markets, derivatives and the law. oxford university press, sept world federation exchanges, annual statistics guide retrieved from http://www.world-exchanges.org/home/index.php/statistics/ annual-statistics. senate and house representatives the united states america congress (enacted december securities act retrieved from http: //legcounsel.house.gov/comps/securities%act%of%.pdf. pwc september). considering ipo the costs going and being public may surprise you). retrieved from https://www.pwc.com/ us/en/deals/publications/assets/pwc-cost-of-ipo.pdf. sec adopts rules permit crowdfunding. retrieved from https://www.sec.gov/news/pressrelease/-.html. cost attack. retrieved from https://gobitcoin.io/tools/cost--attack/. scalability, part metacoin history and multichain. retrieved from https://blog.ethereum.org////scalability-part-metacoin-history-multichain/. barnett, chance september). inside the meteoric rise icos. retrieved from https://www.forbes.com/sites/chancebarnett// //inside-the-meteoric-rise-of-icos/. buhr, sarah.the sec has charged two initial coin offerings with defrauding investors retrieved from https://techcrunch.com////the-sec-has-charged-twoinitial-coin-offerings-with-defrauding-investors/. sec howey co., u.s. (). retrieved from https://supreme.justia.com/cases/federal/us///case.html. investor bulletin: initial coin offerings. retrieved from https://www. sec.gov/oiea/investor-alerts-and-bulletins/ib_coinofferings. sec exposes two initial coin offerings purportedly backed real estate and diamonds. retrieved from https://www.sec.gov/news/press-release/--. clayton, september). statement cybersecurity. retrieved from https://www.sec.gov/news/public-statement/statementclayton---. appendix encryption the ethereum platform can leveraged send encrypted messages. ethereum addresses are based public keys, and these public keys can recovered from the signature transaction from that address (e.g. using the ecrecover_to_pub function). number tools (bitcore-lib, bitcore-ecies) can then used encrypt messages directly the web browser, without sending private information over the network. appendix proof process the legal process outlined this paper generates digital documents. times those documents may need audited, and participants may need provide proof that the documents haven't been altered fabricated later date. they can with merkle hash tree. the diagram shown below (fig. one more participants process create chain documents related the process. they create sha- hash each document they go, and publish the root hash their tree smart contract every time changes. the first root hash just the hash document the next one the hash the combination the hash document with the hash document and on. these documents might encrypted first using the scheme from appendix encryption. however, even participants never share the raw documents themselves, the timestamped root hashes are audit trail which provides cryptographic proof that documents through existed the time their related hashes were sent the smart contract, and that the documents have not been altered. should noted that this process works for single document well set related documents. particular, hashing useful tool for recording immutable witness public document. storing this hash the blockchain, anyone who receives copy the document can hash themselves and make sure that hasn't been altered since it's hash was recorded the chain. figure keeping track the merkle root hash. appendix successful issuances order disincentivize fraudulent activity from legal delegates and sto developers, bounty payments poly may held until successful issuance takes place other event payment occurs under the terms the smart contract. situation where the quality these service provider's work doubt, the bounty payments are still vesting, original token holders can vote freeze legal delegate and sto developer funds, the issuer's token have been set allow for that. this vote calculated when sto has ended: snapshot each security token holder's balances taken and votes are weighted based those balances. the threshold required freeze funds would have specified advance the legal delegate and developer bids. this reduces economic incentive attempt fraud the network.