decentralized cyber threat intelligence market. version table contents polyswarm seconds background. reinventing the threat intelligence market. the participants prediction markets, arbiters mediated consensus determining ground truth the instruments rewarding accuracy. fees. protocol details bounty lifecycle. offer lifecycle. reputation. worker registry. artifact confidentiality. additional markets. roadmap. token sale. disclaimer. version polyswarm seconds polyswarm decentralized threat intelligence market made possible ethereum smart contracts and blockchain technology. polyswarm incentivizes rapid innovation the $.b/yr anti-virus and automated cyber threat intelligence space with precise economic incentives that reward timely and accurate threat intelligence concerning the malintent files, network traffic and urls. polyswarm defines real-time threat detection ecosystem involving enterprises, consumers, vendors and geographically-diverse security experts. experts develop and hone competing "micro-engines" that autonomously investigate the latest threats, attempting outperform their competition. polyswarm's "proof work" threat detection accuracy: the market rewards experts who are best able defend enterprises and end users. relative today's hoc market, polyswarm will lower the barrier entry, provide broader coverage options, discourage duplicative effort and ensure interoperability among products and threat intelligence feeds. economically, polyswarm functions skill-required twist prediction market with thousands micro-engines ("workers") investigating the latest malware evolution machine speed human the loop. polyswarm will developed polyswarm pte. ltd. with funding derived from the sale erc-compatible nectar ("nct") utility tokens. utility token, polyswarm economically disincentivizes nectar speculation rewarding honest market participation through the collection and distribution fees (details page valueadding, active participants. jefferies cyber security primer. january https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prediction_market version background today's enterprises rely ad-hoc mixture anti-virus subscriptions, threat intelligence feeds, and assorted dynamic analysis engines defend against evolving adversarial cyber activity. users must weigh the benefits and drawbacks presented each solution and decide the least-worst fit for their environment. today's market discourages solutions that provide broad threat coverage. today's solutions focus comfort zone threats direct result today's market economics. figure the black rectangle represents all the threats enterprise may encounter; white circles are anti-virus product and respectively. it's easy (and perhaps justifiable) ignore anti-virus solution that doesn't detect wannacry, but doing so, today's market effectively rewards overlapping coverage among vendors market inefficiency that causes duplicative cost. this classic tragedy the commons situation. similarly, consider vendor that chooses develop expertise outside this comfort zone. the comfort zone defined the set threats faced most enterprises, sales for this specialized vendor will difficult. how you convince potential customer that they https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wannacry_ransomware_attack version will have deal with malware that you are uniquely qualified detect prevent mitigate? finally, defenders cannot mix and match many today's solutions, making combinatorial coverage impossible many scenarios. contrast, polyswarm will foster ecosystem broad coverage powered "micro-engine" workers, authored geographically diverse security experts. figure polyswarm will foster ecosystem that produces broad threat coverage. polyswarm provides legitimate revenue stream for security experts. when local economics cannot support sufficient honest work, some security experts develop ransomware, operate bots and otherwise use their skills for evil. polyswarm provides region-free alternative: unencumbered reward for honest work. experts compete make the internet safer place. polyswarm puts the user first. the polyswarm market directs economic incentives where matters most: toward accurate malintent detection ("threat intelligence"). accuracy determined via novel process call mediated consensus (details page short, polyswarm provides users with timely access broad, crowdsourced security expertise. need quickly triage suspect file? just swarm ittm. version reinventing the threat intelligence market polyswarm's nectar ("nct") tokens form the basis new market that introduces novel instruments for satisfying demand for timely and accurate assertions regarding the malintent files, network traffic, and urls, collectively referred artifacts. these new instruments are structured directly incentivize innovation the threat intelligence space with feedback loop driven accurate results. enterprises experts ambassadors arbiters polyswarm employs fees discourage spam and incentivize honest and active market engagement. fees are assessed transaction types that may abused for spam, and then distributed active ecosystem participants; those who are introducing artifacts and determining ground truth regarding the malintent artifacts. this participation measured sliding window fashion, "ageing-off" older market contributions, thereby incentivizing continued market participation. polyswarm (and this document) will focus exclusively boolean (malicious benign) determination, but the polyswarm team has bigger plans than disrupting boolean malintent determination. during polyswarm development, the team will investigate methods incentivize the production artifact metadata such malware family and how core polyswarm concepts such smart contract market design, mediated consensus and information security focus can disrupt related markets such vulnerability bug bounties. before introducing polyswarm's instruments, introduce the participant classes that will utilize them. "hackerone but distributed, pseudonymous, and unfettered jurisdictional encumbrances. powered blockchain." not covered this document. version the participants arbiters ambassador security expert (infosec company) ground truth security expert bounty reward offer security expert end users (enterprises) figure overview polyswarm's bounty and offer lifecycles. end users: enterprise and home users with suspect artifacts. end users participate the polyswarm market via bounties and offers (more these moment) and extract timely and accurate malintent classifications security experts ("experts"): geographically diverse malware experts and reverse engineers. experts dissect the latest suspect artifacts and maintain polyswarm-connected detection engines ("workers") that determine malintent. experts commit "assertions", public statements that reflect the results their analysis into the malintent the artifact. those that have committed accurate assertion are rewarded (in nct) for their efforts. far core participants go, that's actually it. simplicity good, but this pretty far from the full polyswarm story. technically, polyswarm could work with only these two classes participants. realistically, won't because most end users will prefer outsource the nitty gritty interfacing with the polyswarm market. before going further, must introduce ambassadors (another participant) and certain subclass these ambassadors. version ambassadors: companies that make easy for end users benefit from the polyswarm market. ambassadors collect traditional fiat (e.g. subscription fees) and suspect artifacts from their clients (end users) and introduce bounties and offers into the market their clients' behalf. the ambassador's responsibility distill the assertions various experts into simple malicious benign verdict that they deliver their clients. trivial, perhaps naive approach for this distillation might simply average the assertions provided experts. unlikely, however, that such algorithm would compete favorably against bayesian analysis, let alone expert human involvement. expect existing antivirus and threat intelligence firms participate the polyswarm market early ambassadors, augmenting their in-house expertise with polyswarm-enabled triage suspect artifacts. from the user's perspective, upgrading polyswarm-backed protection easy process: choose reputable ambassador and pay subscription fee. ambassador's reputation based past verdict performance relative ground truth. ambassadors are incentivized make their verdicts public due their inherent desire build reputation and attract new clients, well take advantage discount fees (this process detailed later). these public verdicts enable the creation ambassador "scorecard" that rates real-world performance against non-synthetic artifacts with data that simply not available today's market. arbiters: top-echelon ambassadors that are responsible for determining malintent ground truth. certain percentage ambassadors (in terms fees generated) will considered "arbiters". during development, polyswarm will assign arbitership existing, reputable threat intelligence vendors that are willing maintain frequent engagement with the polyswarm team, help identify and address platform bugs, and help build interest the ecosystem. once polyswarm ready for launch, these designated arbiters will need maintain top-echelon ambassador volumes maintain arbiter status. kantchelian, alex, al. "better malware ground truth: techniques for weighting anti-virus vendor labels." proceedings the acm workshop artificial intelligence and security. acm, the closest analog comparatives (https://www.av-comparatives. org/). version prediction markets, arbiters mediated consensus the polyswarm ecosystem, security experts develop micro-engine workers that compete quickly accurately investigate suspect artifacts. this investigation occurs machine speed well before the ground truth concerning artifact's malintent has been established. this design shares some similarities with prediction markets, i.e. rewarding past assertions based accuracy, but differs two critical respects: future data required accurately classify artifact. the "correct" answer whether artifact malicious can always determined with certainty the time made available workers. polyswarm skill-based design where nothing left chance. determining ground truth will always require expertise. this contrast the "universal observability" prediction markets (including crypto markets such augur) that rely unskilled participants observe and record events they occur. item polyswarm's gambling deterent. item introduces technical challenge: what the best way incentivize authorities continually produce ground truth? polyswarm's answer the arbiter class and process refer mediated consensus. mediated consensus generic design paradigm that hope will find home other market design projects. short, mediated consensus market design that entrusts critical task subset participants. these participants: are qualified complete the task (possess expertise). have their interests aligned with the overall health the market (avoiding tragedy the commons). theory. practice, least two events may introduce uncertainty: arbiters incorrectly determine ground truth resulting reward distribution wrong experts, the expert's analysis accurate according ground truth, but the expert disagrees the boundaries malintent semantic issue that larger than polyswarm. adware malware simply potentially unwanted application? neither these variables fundamentally detracts from the skill-based nature the polyswarm ecosystem. https://augur.net/ guessing, betting, gambling other chance-based wagers artifact malintent bad for everyone and polyswarm specifically designed inhospitable this misuse the platform. version we've designed arbiters satisfy these two constraints. definition, the arbiter class defined the most active ambassadors the polyswarm ecosystem any given time. ambassadors, arbiters are contracted their customers distill security experts' assertions into verdicts. customers trust them possess and exercise automated and when necessary human expertise. these companies already have vested interest maintaining public record accuracy (item #). the most active ambassadors, arbiters have the most gain lose honest dishonest polyswarm ecosystem. their large stake the faith the ecosystem aligns their financial interests with the health the market (item #). we've designed fees supplemental defense against arbiter abuse such arbiter-security expert collusion. determining ground truth most the technical details the arbiter voting process are intentionally left undefined this time. the reason for this simple: the specifics the arbiter decision process are predicated the specifics virtually all other polyswarm processes and expect variations other processes. that being said, expect the following high level design choices provide value this process: arbiters reach consensus ground truth via majority vote. these votes are mined onto the ethereum chain masse (many votes per cycle), saving time and money (ethereum gas) for the polyswarm ecosystem. encourage participation, arbiters are rewarded with fees for voting the ground truth artifacts. arbiters may abstain from voting any particular artifact. arbiters may choose this if, for example, they feel unqualified determine the malintent particular artifact. necessary, arbiter voting privileges are automatically delegated additional ambassadors (in order volume) ensure quorum all ground truth determinations. version necessary, expect participants challenge arbiters' determinations done today: with blog post technical paper describing the malintent benign nature artifact that authority such arbiter had miscateogrized: external prdriven feedback loop. the polyswarm team will iteratively develop the details concerning arbiter voting and incentive structures during development. expect early arbiter feedback will instrumental this design. topics research include, but are not limited to: minimum arbiter quorum percentage arbiter deferral procedure (for when quorum cannot achieved) appropriate fee reward structure incentive for timely ground truth determination, e.g. only first arbiters vote receive reward penalty for non-participation, e.g. arbiters must vote ground truth for artifacts time window, else their arbiter status revoked (as necessary) additional deterrents against perverse incentives the instruments polyswarm exposes two core instruments end users and ambassadors that increase the efficacy the threat intelligence market: offer polyswarm offers: requests made directly reputable security experts for their malintent prediction. polyswarm provides frictionless access thousands such researchers, enabling traditional information sharing agreements with non-traditional participants. this interaction happens inside raiden-style offer channels (detailed later). once channels are established, offers provide millisecond-scale latency for artifact investigation. hereafter, end users and ambassadors shortened ambassadors. end users may act their own ambassador. expect some large enterprises participate this manner. http://raiden.network/ version bounty polyswarm bounties: wild-west style "wanted" poster with accompanying artifact contents (e.g., wanted: this artifact: malicious benign? reward: nct). security experts make name for themselves (build reputation) successfully competing for bounties. direct analog exists today's market. offers are the closest analogue today's on-demand scanning market and operate with millisecond latency. ambassadors issue offers and artifacts directly chosen security experts, optionally under non-disclosure agreement. each expert chooses whether accept the offer based their confidence rendering accurate assertion for the provided artifact. experts may choose decline they are not confident avoid adversely affecting their reputation. the expert accepts the offer, the expert commits providing malintent assertion timely fashion. token collection and awards for all instruments are managed and executed entirely distributed smart contracts. issuing offer requires certain familiarity with experts best equipped dissect the artifact question. ease this matchmaking, experts advertise their specialties via listings the polyswarm worker registry polyswarm's analog ethereum dapp registries and build public reputation successfully participating similar bounties. bounties are cheaper than offers and require upfront familiarity with specific experts, but bounties are not for everyone. first, bounties must mined into ethereum block, which occurs approximately every seconds far the dominant time cost this arrangement. second, when placing bounty, the artifact must made public. after all, wild-west "wanted" posters wouldn't much help they weren't posted public place with all known information. similar manner, bounties represent public, smart (as contract) commitment reward providers information that leads the quarantine exoneration artifacts. bounties also form critical component the feedback loop that establishes ground truth. see the worker registry section page for more details. true polyswarm not necessarily true future iterations. see artifact confidentiality. version rewarding accuracy departure from today's market, the polyswarm market offers precise rewards based solely the accuracy threat intelligence, incentivizing experts optimize exclusively for detection accuracy (minimal false positives and false negatives), and enabling ambassadors extract maximal value behalf their clients. polyswarm defines accuracy agreement (or not) between experts' assertions and arbiter-defined ground truth. this accuracy feedback loop driven polyswarm bounties. each bounty rewards experts who render accurate assertion and penalizes experts making inaccurate assertion all whilst avoiding the introduction collusion incentives between ambassadors and experts. polyswarm offers provide convenient means achieving traditional business relationships, but not factor into this accuracy equation. ground truth produced and consumed the polyswarm marketplace the following manner: ambassador places bounty artifact, submitting fee so. various experts render assertions this artifact prior the bounty's assertion deadline. each assertion accompanied expert-chosen nct amount "bid") that reflects the expert's confidence their assertion. fee assessed percentage this "bid". these assertions are confidential until the assertion deadline. the ambassador produces verdict, taking experts' assertions into account however they see fit and delivers this verdict their client. the ambassador incentivized make this verdict public order build their reputation and take advantage fee discount (detailed later). later time (e.g., days after the artifact was placed bounty), arbiters are offered the opportunity vote whether the artifact fact malicious benign. this later-determined ground truth not blocker for rapidly returning artifact verdicts. other words, ambassadors need not (and should not) wait for ground truth determination before returning result their customer. this includes potential collusion interest between experts and arbiters who vote their own bounties. the polyswarm fee structure designed such that single arbiter could sway ground truth sufficiently cause colluding expert receive bounty greater than the arbiter's cost for introducing doubt into the market. version quorum arbiters determines the ground truth status the artifact. the details this vote ground truth conversion process are yet determined. possible arrangements are simple majority vote proportional majority vote (e.g., based amount market participation). these specifics will determined during prototype development. with ground truth established, the bounty smart contract awards nct experts who rendered accurate assertions. the amount nct awarded proportional the expert's bid amount relative the total pool accurate bids. the surface, may seem that classic prediction market would fit well here: experts render assertions and, later date, these assertions are compared against ground truth, ultimately triggering rewards and penalties based their accuracy. the trouble for polyswarm that classic prediction markets implicitly assume source ground truth that verifiable all participants. prediction market that asks who will win election whether the price gold will exceed amount certain day easily settled because all participants can verify these data points after the prediction period has closed: who won the election? did gold exceed the strike price? determining the malintent suspect artifact demands expertise that not uniformly shared among polyswarm participants. this conundrum has analogues prediction markets applied medical diagnoses, where doctors bring varying degrees expertise bear. polyswarm entrusts ground truth determination arbiters. today's market, the role the arbiter effectively filled traditional anti-virus companies. these companies "vote" (and are held publicly accountable) "ground truth" via services like virustotal. the polyswarm market, the set arbiters determined solely market participation, offering opportunity for newer players shake the establishment. summary, believe this process properly incentivizes arbiters commit resources conduct due diligence when determining ground truth for the benefit the market whole. this concept elite group ground truth "verifiers" has applicability other sectors. anticipate that others will explore the feasibility using this mechanism other token platforms that demand specialized knowledge arrive ground truth. kurvers, ralf hjm, al. "boosting medical diagnostics pooling independent judgments." proceedings the national academy sciences (): []. version fees fees are assessed for various transactions the polyswarm market and are designed achieve two goals: promote efficiency the polyswarm market incentivizing actions that incur minimal ethereum gas cost. fixed-rate fees are applied polyswarm transactions discourage behavior that would generate superfluous transactions (including spam transactions) and therefore incur unnecessary gas cost across the market. polyswarm's need scale these fees independently ethereum gas cost one several reasons the creation nct essential the existence the polyswarm market. reward active polyswarm market participants proportion their (honest) participation. fees are awarded participants that are actively utilizing the polyswarm ecosystem via the introduction artifacts (ambassadors placing bounties) and the determination ground truth regarding the malintent artifacts (arbiters reaching quorum ground truth). during network development, the polyswarm team will red team the fee structures presented above, iterating necessary best encourage healthy market. bounty placement fees paid ambassadors when ambassador lists bounty the polyswarm market, the following fees are rendered the funds that are held the smart contract: fixed listing fee. this fixed fee encourages the ambassador group multiple artifacts into single bounty, reducing strain the network and gas costs for all. fee proportional the bounty amount. bounties with higher initial bounty amount will likely attract more expert responses. this proportional fee assessed scale the fee with expert interest (and network strain). bounty assertions fees paid experts when expert renders assertion against bounty, the following fees are rendered the funds that are held the smart contract: version fixed assertion fee. this fixed fee disincentivizes repeated assertions that may slow down the network. fee proportional the bid amount. offer channel settlement: ambassador fees offers occur within raiden-style offer channels, established directly between ambassadors and experts. when ambassador and/or expert decide settle their offer channel onto the blockchain, the following fee assessed the channel smart contract: percentage the net nct transfered over the channel. this fee assessed the ambassador-supplied tokens when the channel opened. when the channel closed, these fees are refunded the ambassador proportion unused channel tokens. protocol details here detail polyswarm bounties, offers, assertions and verdicts. bounties and offers are collectively referred polyswarm listings. polyswarm statement any of: bounty, offer, assertion verdict. bounty offer bounties offers assertions verdicts version bounty lifecycle bounty when ambassador wishes place bounty the market, the ambassador registers statement via call the polyswarm bounty smart contract. the bounty statement contains the following items: listing guid: globally-unique identifier for the listing. the ambassador's identity. this takes the form signature the statement, verifiable anyone possession the ambassador's address (public keys are derived from addresses). bounty placement fee. this fee fixed amount percentage the bounty amount (described "fee" section above). discount applied the ambassador later publicly commits verdict. the bounty amount. this amount placed into the smart contract alongside the bounty placement fee and awarded experts that render accurate assertions (or refunded experts respond). this amount akin transaction fee ethereum bitcoin and useful call attention the bounty. cryptographic hash the artifact. configurable, but currently sha. this uniquely identifies the artifact. the uri the artifact. due storage costs, artifacts are not stored on-chain. anticipate secondary market arise for outsourcing storage and delivery artifacts and that some ambassadors will choose retain copy all swarmed artifacts for later competitive analysis. assertion deadline: deadline for assertion. the ambassador may choose shorten lengthen analysis periods based their requirements for the particular artifact. artifacts that require more in-depth analysis likely require more time (and also likely higher bounty amount attract attention), whereas other artifacts may require quick turnaround. once the bounty listed, experts will determine whether the artifact fits their skillset and whether their expected reward warrants their attention. this expected reward function their confidence interval regarding the malintent the artifact. commentary this and other anticipated secondary markets provided later. version experts that choose participate place bids their assertions that represent their level confidence (and risk tolerance). the bounty amount plus the sum total all inaccurate bids are awarded accurate bids proportion their bid amount relative the total accurate bid amount. consider the following example (fees are omitted here for simplicity): ambassador places bounty with nct. this nct placed into the bounty smart contract. thus far, this nct bounty amount constitutes the entire "pot" potential winnings for accurate experts. experts and study the artifact and decide assert that the bounty artifact benign. they place and nct bid their assertions, respectively. experts and study the artifact and decide assert that the bounty artifact malicious. they place and nct bid their assertions, respectively. some later time, the arbiters establish ground truth and determine that the artifact was fact malicious. experts and therefore rendered inaccurate assertions; experts and rendered accurate assertions. the bounty amount plus the bids placed experts and make the "pot" that proportionally awarded experts and this pot nct. expert made accurate assertion and her bid represented the total accurate bid amount. expert has her bid returned plus her portion the pot: nct. expert made accurate assertion and his bid represented the total bid amount. expert gets his bid back plus his portion the pot: nct. bounty assertions contain: listing guid cryptographic hash: unique reference the prompting bounty listing. the expert's identity: again, signature the statement. assertion fee: this fee fixed amount percentage the bid amount (see "fees" section). version bid amount. the assertion: boolean "malicious" "benign" determination regarding the malintent the artifact. assertions are kept secret until the bounty's assertion deadline expires. anticipate using blind commitments reveal phase achieve this property. (optional) metadata: information derived during assertion generation and offered value-add the ambassador utilize their verdict computation (e.g., malware family). experts may volunteer this information means differentiate themselves and attract future business. with assertions streaming in, the ambassador weighs assertions and incorporates their own internal due diligence efforts, producing "malicious" "benign" verdict. the ambassador delivers this verdict their client their ultimate response regarding the malintent the artifact. the ambassador may also choose make this verdict public (and incentivized via fee discount) before the verdict deadline. public verdicts contains the following items: listing guid: reference the prompting listing. the ambassador's nct identity: again, signature the statement. the verdict: boolean "malicious" "benign" determination regarding the malintent the artifact. some later time, the arbiters reach quorum the ground truth regarding the artifact. this ground truth compared against each experts' assertions and nct awarded for accurate assertions. version offer lifecycle offer when ambassador wishes issue offers chosen expert, the ambassador opens raiden-style channel with the expert. this done instantiating offer channel smart contract with the expert that includes the following: identities ambassador and expert. channel balance: the maximum net nct that the ambassador comfortable settling with the expert channel close time (plus fees). with the offer channel established, the ambassador issues zero more offers the expert. each offer includes the following: listing guid: globally-unique identifier for the listing. the offer amount. this amount must not exceed the remaining balance the offer channel smart contract (minus fees). cryptographic hash the artifact. the uri the artifact. the artifact optionally encrypted the offeree's identity otherwise access protected ensure confidentiality. engagement deadline: deadline for engagement response (described below). assertion deadline: deadline for assertion this offer. when presented with offer, the expert (offeree) may choose engage with the offer ignore it. each offeree determines whether this artifact worth evaluating for the offered amount the time allotted. the offeree's future business based their ability produce accurate results. the offeree not confident her ability produce accurate result the time allotted (e.g., the artifact filetype that the offeree ill-equipped analyze), she may choose reject the offer. version the offeree decides reject the offer, she either actively issues "decline" engagement statement simply waits for the engagement deadline expire. likely behooves the offeree actively reject, rather than wait for the engagement deadline, ambassadors will likely favor experts who not force them wait until the engagement deadline determine next steps. the offeree accepts the offer, she issues "accept" engagement statement prior the engagement deadline. engagement statements contain the following items: listing guid hash: reference the prompting listing. engagement commitment: boolean "accept" "decline" that states whether the offeree will engage with this offer and commit assertion prior the offer's assertion deadline. once the offeree accepts offer, the offeree has until the assertion deadline render assertion against the offer. these assertions contain the following: listing guid hash: unique reference the prompting listing. the assertion: boolean "malicious" "benign" determination regarding the malintent the artifact. (optional) metadata: information derived during assertion generation and offered value-add the ambassador utilize their verdict computation (e.g., malware family). experts may volunteer this information means differentiate themselves and attract future engagements. after the expert delivers her assertion the ambassador, the ambassador signs raiden-style message that commits also deliver the offer amount, time the expert risking more than the output single analysis. the sum all such delivered amounts are settled the blockchain when the offer channel closed. unlike bounties, offers not incorporate on-chain ground truth feedback mechanism. instead, offerees who either fail render assertion before the deadline render inaccurate assertion (as determined later off-chain analyses) may not attract future engagements. reputation maintenance therefore becomes akin off-chain feedback loop that uses market pressure keep offerees honest. version when offer channel closed, fee collected the net nct transfered. with all fees, this fee awarded active market participants. the fee enforced the master offer channel smart contract which refuses establish non-conforming offer channels. reputation contrast with other token platforms (e.g., augur), polyswarm does not attempt formalize the notion reputation and build into market transactions. the reason for this simple: incredibly difficult anticipate which data points various participants value and how these data points are weighed. the best fit for ambassador may not the best fit for ambassador and would futile try get them both operate under the assumption that was. instead, polyswarm mechanics simply mandate incentivize disclosure the kinds data that likely represents useful input into reputation function. reputation algorithms will likely regarded trade secret the same manner assertion verdict distillation algorithms. ambassadors will differentiate themselves engaging with optimal experts for their artifact workload. experts will differentiate themselves maintaining favorable track record correct assertions when compared against ground truth. and, optionally, providing metadata, for example, the malware family they believe particular artifact belongs to. the prototype ambassador implementation developed will distill various data points into simple reputation "score" and easyto-understand color scheme. this reference distillation will likely helpful many, but may replaced modified participants see fit. experts will likely also want implement reputation system for evaluating ambassadors, but the business logic such system are expected more complex and differ more substantially among participants. the reference polyswarm daemon will "decay" old data, maintaining "sliding window" into participants' reputation. believe sliding window approach necessary avoid lockout new market participants. anticipate making use the following data points reference ambassador implementation: version assertion accuracy (relative ground truth and/or off-chain analyses). frequency and average response times for both bounties and offers. the case offers, ambassadors may choose publish aggregate data that normally only observable within offer channel. ambassadors may favor experts who demonstrate rapid and consistent response times. ability maintain confidentiality artifacts delivered under offers. this likely hybrid on-market, off-market analysis. ambassadors may choose review their competitors' past verdicts and attempt uncover errors (e.g., ambassador stated that the sample was benign when fact was malicious). experts may seek avoid doing business with ambassadors whose due diligence fails hold such scrutiny general more frequently incorrect under specific circumstances (e.g. ambassador frequently miscategorizes microsoft word documents resulting certain experts avoiding analyzing word documents behalf ambassador a). other words, among other inputs, experts may interested ambassadors' verdict accuracy. consumers will likely rely aggregate consumer reports comparatives-style websites and publications that report each ambassador's track record, perhaps with sample inputs with known malintent and verification that ambassador's verdicts always match what represents back its clients. worker registry experts the polyswarm ecosystem will, many cases, choose encapsulate their expertise into automated workers. workers are systems that automatically respond bounties and offers, perhaps with expertise for certain filetypes network traffic. the polyswarm marketplace will provide distributed worker registry ease discovery experts' offerings. will develop common interface and description language for publicly registering workers. these components will interact with polyswarm registry that modeled after initial ethereum dapp registry smart contracts. polyswarm's worker registry will contain descriptions that advertise particular skillsets (e.g., "i'm good with mac mach-o binaries" handle microsoft word documents"). version artifact confidentiality confidential disclosure artifacts first class feature the polyswarm marketplace via the offer instrument. nevertheless, without taking additional precautions, ambassadors utilizing offers must trust security experts' motivations and technical ability ward off attackers, possibly perpetuity. expect this trust requirement give rise secondary markets and novel applications technology with the goal minimizing consolidating trust. the following are several examples instruments built top polyswarm further address confidentiality requirements. trust minimization via intel sgx intel sgx new technology initially shipped with the skylake family processors. high level, sgx provides opaque computation environments inside "enclaves". memory contents sgx enclaves are unavailable other software and users the same system, irrespective permission level. the context polyswarm, sgx enclaves would allow experts scan artifacts without revealing the artifacts the researcher and without revealing the experts' intelligence anyone else. sgx therefore promises mutual trust reduction between ambassadors and experts. experts may choose run accredited (and attested) sgx enclaves that ingest the artifact and their intelligence and produce assertion that may returned the ambassador. there are technical hurdles overcome, but are confident sgx can integrated and scaled with enclaves bootstrapping one another distributed fashion. future iterations polyswarm may allow ambassadors author future "sgx bounty" statements into the polyswarm market, revealing the artifacts only bootstrapped enclaves. trust consolidation via scan-as-a-service (saas) ambassadors experts may choose outsource computation tasks third parties for number reasons that may may not polyswarm-specific. for example, expect many experts make use aws, google compute engine, azure other such on-demand computational services scale their assertion pipeline response polyswarm market demand. this not intrinsically polyswarm-motivated compute decision. version expect polyswarm-specific incentives for saas entities arise naturally. the context confidentiality, participants will create saas companies that serve trusted third parties sitting between ambassadors and experts and maintaining nondisclosure agreements with both. these saas companies would serve the same purpose sgx enclaves protecting artifacts from experts and intelligence details from ambassadors. ambassadors may find easier trust third party saas entities with public reputation rather than large number individual experts whose identity may not known. such ambassadors will author more offers targeted saas entities rather than directly experts. additional markets the polyswarm market will create demand for number additional markets. one such market (scan-as-a-service) was previously discussed the context enabling additional confidentiality controls. below are some additional expected markets. ambassadors this obvious market and one heavily discussed throughout this document. many consumers will choose business with the market through ambassador, but working through ambassador not strict requirement. artifact publishing services when placing bounty offer, the ambassador must make their artifact available experts. artifact hosting entities will offer this service, making such sharing seamless. their clients will consumers and ambassadors. expect many ambassadors also offer artifact publishing services. reputation tracking services the united states, three credit bureaus are trusted banks maintain ledger "facts" regarding individual trustworthiness. the polyswarm market will present similar demand; market participants will want quantify the trustworthiness other participants for variety reasons already discussed. likely that reputation services will arise that track trustworthiness participants and offer this information mitigate counterparty risk. version roadmap here present preliminary polyswarm development milestones. each milestone will: offer new functionality and provide documentation and tests that enable new ambassador, expert, and end user transactions. polyswarm distinct developmental advantage relative networks like bitcoin and ethereum that must retain all transactions perpetuity. once ground truth determined offer channel settled the chain, ambassadors and experts have received what they need out that transaction: intelligence regarding the artifact and nct, respectively. this atomicity provides leeway and allows make backwards-incompatible changes, until the release, without cost and consensus challenges experienced other networks. alpha april polyswarm alpha will focus delivering prototype end-to-end workflow for bounties after successful token sale. this initial release will allow the polyswarm team begin the bootstrapping process earnest. ambassadors and experts will able transact via polyswarm test network ("testnet"). the basic bounty smart contracts will available the polyswarm testnet, allowing ambassadors place bounties, experts render assertions, and ambassadors render verdicts. anticipate that polyswarm alpha will accomplish the following: "bounty manager" smart contract which holds bounty amounts and fees, accepts assertions, publishes verdicts, and rewards accurate experts artifact posting and retrieval from off-polyswarm storage (e.g. and/or ipfs) prototype algorithm for selecting arbiters bounty expiration reference implementations for bounty publishing, assertion response, and arbiter ground truth determination beta may polyswarm beta will focus delivering polyswarm offer support over raiden-style channels. offers are designed facilitate higherthroughput artifact evaluation relative bounties and such demand more efficient blockchain settlement for each transaction. polyswarm beta will implement offer smart contracts. anticipate implementing this functionality direct, peer peer, raiden-style channels established between ambassadors and experts which utilize the testnet. version anticipate polyswarm beta will accomplish the following: offer channels distributed channel establishment multiple offers via single channel nct settlement channel close reference implementation for offer production and response reference implementation for arbiter ground truth notification and response fee collection and distribution smart contracts research and quantify trust (in nct) required for specific artifact volume offer/bounty development toolkit: test and implementation framework for experts and ambassadors automate servicing bounties and offers gamma july polyswarm gamma will focus providing matchmaking features that facilitate collaboration between ambassadors, experts, and arbiters. experts will able encapsulate their expertise into workers tuned specific types artifact. expect them able advertise these workers polyswarm registry. this worker registry should allow ambassadors engage with workers risk-free manner prior the stable release (gamma will continue utilize the polyswarm testnet). additionally, this release will consider enhancing and extending the bounty instrument light alpha and beta feedback and experience. one example, anticipate that bounties will benefit from the ability solicit assertions that are kept confidential from other experts and revealed only after the assertion deadline. anticipate polyswarm gamma will accomplish the following: worker description language (wdl) describing artifact analysis capabilities and expert authorship attribution (for reputation) distributed, searchable, registry workers and their capabilities. confidentiality for pre-deadline bounty assertions finalize arbiter selection, response, and end end bounty feedback loop anticipate that gamma will feature complete. version polyswarm polyswarm stable will focus eliminating bugs polyswarm gamma prior migration from the polyswarm testnet (test tokens) the real polyswarm market. stretch goal and time funding allows, stable may introduce first-class artifact confidentiality via limited-audience bounty. polyswarm polyswarm's second stable release currently has two main goals: expanding offers and bounties handle wider range artifact types (e.g. urls and network streams) and easing polyswarm utilization for the enterprise and home user. artifact type expansion future polyswarm releases should make possible handle, for example, automated phishing attempt detection end user urls placing bounties and offers directly hosted content. extending polyswarm's protections directly the endpoint will priority for post-stable development. anticipate developing open source reference implementation endpoint protection suite which automatically blocks malicious artifacts based polyswarm's intelligence. see this open agent framework key widespread end user adoption. future features polyswarm's future releases will mirror the evolving threat landscape and real-world usage the network. see several opportunities, contingent observed polyswarm usage, for the following features benefit the network and the ultimate goal end user protection: flexible artifact confidentiality basic: artifacts selectively disclosed experts saas providers advanced: artifacts never revealed anyone outside sgx enclaves fully homomorphic engines new instruments (e.g. subscription-ready threat feeds) deployment support for endpoint-resident worker containers that supplant today's endpoint protection suites. version token sale technical development, community engagement and participant outreach for the polyswarm ecosystem will conducted polyswarm pte. ltd. with funding derived from the sale polyswarm's nectar utility tokens (nct). these tokens will exchanged participants for threat intelligence. nct powers all the major polyswarm interactions: bounty placement, offer channel establishment teardown exchange, assertion registration and ground truth determination. selling utility-specific nct tokens, exchange rates for nct threat intelligence should enjoy isolation from the volatility the larger eth market, ensuring active participation polyswarm without concern for fluctuations eth. this section intended give high level overview polyswarm's tokenomics. should any conflict between this document and the token sale agreement ("agreement") arise, the agreement shall take precedence. the token sale agreement available online. schedule polyswarm pte. ltd., inc currently operating token presale for invited participants. the public nct sale scheduled open qualified buyers february utc. scheduled close march utc. purchase requirements nct will made available exclusively for purchase with ether (eth). potential buyers are advised secure sufficient eth advance the sale. the token sale will employ know your customer (kyc) controls with unique technical mechanism tie specific purchases kyc data points including, but not limited to: country origin, email address, full name, address and acceptance the terms the token sale agreement. version caps limits new tokens will created after the close the token sale period. the total number nct tokens will determined during the token sale. the maximum number tokens capped. this cap based the maximum funding usd cap, the price nct (in eth) and the current eth usd exchange rate. refer the token sale web page for specifics nct caps, price, funding tranches and more. allocation nct tokens will sold during the token sale. the remaining will distributed enterprises, vendors and security experts interested helping bootstrap the polyswarm ecosystem. recipients will chosen polyswarm pte. ltd.. sole discretion. the final tokens will used polyswarm pte. ltd. manner that best accelerates adoption the polyswarm ecosystem. illustrative example, tokens may offered incentive participate polyswarm "hackathons". this allocation will polyswarm pte. ltd.. sole discretion. version distribution envision that eth derived from the sale polyswarm's nectar utility tokens ("nct") will allocated the following manner: legal marketing protocol software development tax office expenses operational overhead protocol and software development office expenses operational overhead (travel, hosting, etc) legal marketing tax the polyswarm team expects legal spending decrease fy/. the surplus will redistributed into marketing, overhead and developer salaries. our estimated tax low, but not unreasonable. this good for participants: more funding will allocated directly the development and promotion polyswarm. version disclaimer this whitepaper intended provide technical background would-be token purchasers. the polyswarm token sale will fund initial prototype development and testing the economic instruments presented here. expect, would any prudent participant, that the details presented this document may change during pre-stable development and testing periods. polyswarm pte. ltd. and token purchasers' interests are aligned make polyswarm viable marketplace that truly disrupts the threat intelligence industry. conclusion polyswarm novel market and associated erc token, nct, that posed disrupt the threat intelligence industry facilitating new methods interaction between security experts, vendors and enterprises. the polyswarm team will conducting token launch fund software development and cultivate community around this new marketplace. hope you'll join protecting users from all angles(tm). version polyswarm.io version (c) polyswarm pte. ltd.