osom product lightpaper designed polybius intro polybius financial company, founded and publicly funded tallinn, estonia. throughout the following year, polybius' team has expanded belgium, headquartering the capital the european union brussels. during the period, the team has been designing and developing the strategy and the main product the osom app. osom designed universal, currency-agnostic and legally regulated finance management tool for first european, and then global markets with more than two bank accounts per capita. that appears the case many regions europe, with new financial products seeing growing demand, expected that the product and services will gain the popularity required for further advancement throughout the eu. the core pillars the project are regulations and technology, which allow the planned product compatible with other market participants and potential customers. the backbone planned services the payment services directive issued the european central bank, well growing demand for aggregation services and increased integration new payments mechanisms. growing smartphone adoption across the provides the required infrastructure for osom app operate. the team behind the project involves individuals with high expertise finance, digital innovation, product development and marketing, coming from companies such credit suisse, solvay, pipedrive and l'oreal. this lightpaper will cover the pillars that base the foundation, provide product specifications, outline the project roadmap and note the licenses required for operations. osom app osom brand-new tool for managing personal finances, that comes straight out the latest european regulations and some clever innovations around user experience. using the emerging technologies well research, osom aims offer refined money-management opportunities its european customers. among the top planned features osom are: currency-agnostic aggregation debit and credit balances, integration both classical and modern financial assets across banks, crypto wallets and exchanges, per-transaction spending/saving analysis and some other, more traditional products. aggregation financial information within single dashboard only the first step the list planned value-adding features. one the main goals help people not just navigate through finances, but stay full control over the personal financial liquidity, leveraging the finest offers the market has offer. the product will stay the development stage until when planned live and onboard its first customers. closed alpha test has been initiated december during this phase, feedback from the pre-selected batch users will collected and implemented the development plan. among the primary markets for the service are belgium, netherlands, germany and france, with more countries follow regulations the european commission has proposed new set regulatory standards for the financial markets, aiming diversify the instability risks among the market participants. january psd has entered force, requiring european banks issue apis which would allow account data collection third-party financial services upon user request. this creates legal environment for three new types financial services providers: account information service providers aisps (i.e. polybius) payment initiation service providers pisps (i.e. paypal) account servicing payments services providers aspsps (i.e. hsbc) the aim polybius' product act aisp, providing full overview and control over funds that are located within the regulated financial entities like banks. the market infrastructure board (the mib) has proposed draft for updating the transaction settlement across the eurozone. two years later, the system entering the operations phase, offering euro users more sophisticated money remittance service. the new system target instant payment settlement, tips, will allow banking customers send and receive funds their accounts instantly. technology osom, the main polybius' product, will operate the principle acquiring, aggregating and sorting information from variety vendors single interface. collect information, users will need establish either direct api-based connections the services their choice. product development will iteration-based, starting with aggregation cryptocurrency-related services and tools, and then spreading onto banks and other payment institutions within the eu. integration other centralized financial service providers, such credit and insurance agencies, will need based intercorporate agreements, arranged after acquiring the payments institution license throughout and enabling access and control over such services cryptocurrency wallets will not require any specific yet underdeveloped technologies procedures, most the information accessible through public blockchain addresses (read-only) and private keys. cryptocurrency exchange user accounts are accessible via api keys provided the service providers upon user's consent. osom will offer its services via desktop progressive web apps well mobile apps. roadmap target market years: all eurozone countries, eurozone residents customers only. phase brussels established core team onboarded new website and product design platform development application for token wallet license estonia application for psd license belgium phase set marketing efforts polybius platform closed testing launch platform open testing launch account aggregation functionality (belgium) integration token wallet from polybius wallet into the interface phase market launch payment initiation functionality (belgium) phase other functionalities subject obtaining necessary licenses partnerships: insurance brokerage, investment advice (belgium) market expansion (france, netherlands) phase other functionalities subject obtaining necessary licenses partnerships: wealth management, brokerage account (belgium) market expansion (estonia, germany, italy, luxembourg, spain, uk) phase further market expansion (rest the eu) market licenses token wallet license indicated above, the polybius group will offering cryptographic token wallet service. this will done through dedicated company, polybius wallet ou, which was incorporated estonia october against this background, polybius the process applying for license token wallet operator with the estonian regulator. estonia is, the time writing, the only member state have introduced licensing system covering such activities. the country the forefront innovation, and has many ways anticipated the entry into effect the eu's fifth anti-money laundering directive ("amld"). this piece legislation brings token exchanges and token wallet services such polybius' own service within the scope aml rules. will therefore amld compliant and subject the estonian regulator's strict conditions aml, security wallets, know-your-customer ("kyc") obligations etc. soon polybius obtains regulatory approval from the estonian regulator (expected will launch its token wallet solution. subsequently, once polybius obtains its separate belgian psd license (expected will integrate this feature its upcoming financial management app, alongside users' traditional payments accounts. payments institution license the abovementioned payments services which polybius intends offer are regulated under psd. our belgian arm polybius fintech sprl currently seeking license authorised payments institution with the national bank belgium ("nbb"). concretely, psd allows authorised payments institutions obtain access banks' infrastructure and customer data encourage competition and innovation payments services. prerequisite obtaining license, aspiring payments institutions first need demonstrate regulators that they comply with strict conditions relating their internal governance arrangements, security systems, handling personal data aml, business continuity and disaster recovery setups etc. once polybius obtains approval from the nbb (expected will roll out our product and service offerings belgium, before moving neighbouring france and netherlands the end beginning our license will eu-wide and passported into other member states.