postoken whitepaper the world's first proof---of---stake smart contract token. table contents background introduction specifications pos mining distribution free airdrop roadmap resource postoken whitepaper the world's first proof---of---stake smart contract token. .background the world crypto currency, proof---of---work(pow) and proof---of---stake(pos) are the two most important algorithms, although more and more algorithms are being proposed. bitcoin the first crypto currency and also the first crypto currency use proof---of---work algorithm. soon after, peercoin was created and the first implementation proof---of---stake algorithm. simple terms, coin holders can earn some extra coins just holding some coins for period time the proof---of---stake system. ordinary users, this the biggest difference between proof---of---stake and proof---of---work. now, postoken first implements the proof---of---stake mechanism ethereum token. holders postoken can get revenues holding postoken for period time. works the same way peercoin and any other coin with proof---of---stake algorithm do. .introduction postoken postoken the world's first proof---of---stake smart contract token ethereum platform. it's based the erc token standard and implements all standard methods. ethereum token, postoken first implements the proof---of---stake mechanism, meaning that every holder can earn some extra tokens just holding postoken for period least days, greater than equal the minimum coin age. postokenstandard furthermore, the idea postoken not only issue simple ethereum token with proof---of--- stake but also define brand new token standard for proof---of---stake tokens. interface including some standard functions was defined the code postoken, call postokenstandard, which like the erc standard. postokenstandard new token standard devised specifically for issuing proof---of---stake tokens and maintained postoken dev team. although it's unofficial token standard, will our best build entire and healthy ecosystem based postokenstandard. series services and applications that use postokenstandard will created the near future. this future proof---of---stake tokens starts here and believe that new era crypto tokens coming. specifications name: postoken symbol: pos decimals: standard: erc postokenstandard platform: ethereum maximum total supply: pos postoken whitepaper the world's first proof---of---stake smart contract token. initial supply: pos distribution: free airdrop minimum coin age: days maximum coin age: days pos annual interest: year annual interest total supply after yr. mil. yr. mil. --- yr. mil. max total supply the max total supply postoken set million, but just created million pos the initial supply. the max total supply will only reached about years little longer the set pos interest rate. once million reached, more postoken will generated via pos. pos mining considering the convenience use and the consumption less gas, postoken provides two methods trigger pos mining. however, the basic premise starting pos mining that you must have held some tokens least days. then you can start pos mining by: sending transaction your own address with any amount pos. using myetherwallet.com mist any other software that can interact with contracts execute mint() function postoken smart contract. the following the contract code for mint() function: postoken whitepaper the world's first proof---of---stake smart contract token. query tools you are not sure about your account's coin age current pos interest? postoken defines two functions for query: annualinterest(): return current annual interest. coinage(): return coin age your account. return means that your coin age doesn't meet the min coin age now. postoken whitepaper the world's first proof---of---stake smart contract token. .distribution after the contract deployed, only million pos, the max total supply, will created the initial supply. development: marketing:k bounties:k free airdrop: .free airdrop pos will distributed the community through free airdrop. read more details about airdrop, please visit our official website. .roadmap pos token creation service multi---pos---token wallet pos token block explorer pos token decentralized exchange pos mining pool this summary our roadmap, more details will updated soon. .resource website https://postoken.org github https://github.com/postoken twitter https://twitter.com/postoken email: contact@postoken.org