potcoin update juice, seeds, rewards more.... prepared for: potcoin community prepared by: potcoin development team april potcoin executive summary objective potcoin was the first cannabis related blockchain currency and intends remain leader the space. moving forward potcoin will focused marketing, creating business partnerships and developing merchant relations. the development team will also explore the possibilities smart contracts, and how this may benefit merchants and consumers the legal cannabis industry. potcoin has the intention adopting and taking advantage the continuously evolving developments and technologies the blockchain space. are also looking various methods incentivize potcoin users and merchants adopt and use potcoin. goals with daily developments and the constant evolution new blockchain technologies, potcoin intends stay date with current security, consensus and technological developments. aim increase adoption and acceptance potcoin with the use rewards, incentives and exciting new services. solution order take advantage new technologies and potential security advantages potcoin will explore the possibility migrating the bitcoin potentially the ethereum blockchain. our future development plans involve smart contracts, cannabis tracking solutions for merchants, point sale technology and tokenization seeds, strains and more. order best accomplish this, migration secure network that will allow for blockchain applications the best and most logical evolution for potcoin. this will allow for the creation future decentralized autonomous organization (d.a.o.) implement voting, fund raising development for potcoin and the potcoin community. project outline potcoin will explore the possible benefits leveraging the security and features the ethereum decentralized network well other platforms such counterparty rootstock. strongly believe that these next level blockchain platforms precisely what needed for the potcoin community grow. the ethereum virtual machine allows for the creation decentralized autonomous organization (dao) which will allow for community voting, decentralized development, the creation and implementation blockchain technology and smart contracts. there are already are numerous ambitious projects being built the ethereum platform. potcoin having the ambition and mission economize the legal cannabis industry will explore the use the ethereum network equivalent technology the bitcoin network allow potcoin leverage the security and development benefits the cannabis industry, it's users and merchants. potcoin potcoin shop what the potcoin shop? the potcoin shop will feature variety products, any profits from the sales will fund potcoin development. all products will available for purchase with fiat with potcoin. all purchases made using potcoin will receive discount! potcoin energy drink introducing crypto juice potcoin proud introduce hemp powered energy drink able fuel all your crypto needs. this all natural great tasting beverage will keep you energized throughout the day and great for mixing with wide variety juices and flavours. where can get crypto juice? crypto juice will available for pre-order starting april the potcoin shop here:http:// www.potcoin.com/shop/. crypto juice will begin ship may potcoin potcoin seed bank what the potcoin seed bank? the potcoin seed bank simple and easy way turn your potcoins into real cannabis seeds. simply join the potcoin seed bank, stake your potcoins and you will generate "seed" tokens based the number seeds available the bank. each seed token redeemable for cannabis seed from the potcoin seed bank any time and will shipped free charge. how turn potcoins into cannabis seeds? the potcoin seed bank will launch april th, and allows potcoin holders generate cannabis seeds based their potcoin holdings. simply use the application form and follow the simple steps here:http://www.potcoin.com/seed-bank/ important note you remain control your potcoins all times and you can opt out the seed bank anytime. how does this work? potcoin has partnered with leading cannabis seed producers offer this amazing opportunity the potcoin community and cannabis enthusiasts. potcoin holders will eligible for generated seeds based their holdings. the more potcoins you stake the more seeds you earn. how many seeds can get? there currently limit your contribution the potcoin seed bank, however popularity grows this may change. for each day period the seed bank will display the total number seeds split among it's members. potcoin how join? when you apply the potcoin seed bank you must submit potcoin address that contains potcoins. once your application submitted you will required send small transaction (+/-.pot) from your submitted potcoin address prove you control that account. you will receive confirmation email and your potcoin address will added the seed bank. you will now generate seed tokens and will sent cannabis seeds your request. are there requirements? yes! anyone can join the potcoin seed bank, however sent the cannabis seed, you must live one the participating geolocations listed. this why we've chosen distribute seed tokens which can exchanged and redeemed for cannabis seeds anytime. once potcoin address accepted into the seed bank the coins must staking that address for days generate seeds. the amount seeds generated depends the total number seed bank members. here's distribution example seed tokens for day period. example seed bank potcoins seed the bank seeds generated per potcoins situation seeds situation seeds situation seed potcoin what the potcoin reward program? the potcoin reward program will allows merchants and businesses reward and incentivize their current clients use and familiarize themselves with potcoin distributing free potcoins with every purchase made. who, when where? the potcoin development team exploring partnerships with existing businesses targeted geographic locations which are best suited for potcoin. these merchants will receive free potcoins and redeemable coupons codes they can distribute existing customers. potcoins that will given merchants will taken from the development fund which can seen here: pnjejhjytbakaqbrktjlahheyfthcz community contributions can made the address above and all funds will distributed merchants rewards. potcoin looking partner with limited number merchants one city maximize the impact marketing and the rewards program. there will most likely levels rewards for merchants based their volume customers. example potcoins customers potcoins per customer level pot level pot level pot using the scenarios above million potcoin should able reach thousand potential users. potcoin potcoin smart how? strongly believe the creation potcoin decentralized autonomous organization (dao) which will allow for community voting, decentralized development, the creation and implementation blockchain technology and smart contracts. there are already are numerous ambitious projects being built the ethereum platform. potcoin having the ambition and mission economize the legal cannabis industry will use these explore the most secure way transition potcoin decentralized autonomous organization. ethereum? the ethereum network based blockchain technology but seen virtual super computer with much wider scope and many more possibilities. bitcoin still the most resilient and tested network however, the ethereum virtual machine could eventually allow for greater development possibilities for potcoin. also feel that the growth, scaling and development possibilities permitted the ethereum platform offer significant advantages. with this being said there are still numerous risks and unknowns associated with new technology. the ethereum network immature but experiencing daily growth. the potcoin development team closely monitoring network growth this new technology has the potential fulfill the many goals and aspirations blockchain technology. counterparty? the counterparty platform has been tested and proven terms security, ease use and development however there are limitations which are overcome the ethereum platform. there are currently many projects that leverage the security the bitcoin network via the counterparty protocol. storj, gemz, bcy, fldc and many more projects use the counterparty platform. these projects are limited bitcoins minute confirmation time and face the current scaling challenges the network. there are also projects like rootstock which trying implement all the advantages ethereum the bitcoin network may prove the best solution for the potcoin community but still the development stage. potcoin potentials blockchain technologies and smart contracts network scalability security development smart contracts decentralized autonomous organization community development, voting and dividends merchant client rewards merchant product tracking part software developments increased integration flexibility much more... timeline details potcoin will transition blockchain technology over prolonged period time allow all users upgrade. are the process evaluating all possibilities, weighing the pros and cons and how technology upgrade could benefit the potcoin community. you would like keep date with the discussion please send request support@potcoin.com for invitation the potcoin development slack channel. conclusion the potcoin development team continues make advancements and always exploring new options and potentials for potcoin. hope the community enjoys these new potcoin services. these services will open new development opportunities and allow potcoin reach broader customer, user and merchant base. potcoin wishes all happy april th, all future updates and posts can found community news section our website. the potcoin development team grow with