whitepaper believe empowering individuals and communities co-create their energy future will underpin the development power system that resilient, low-cost, zero-carbon and owned the people the world. power ledger white paper disclaimer ..................................................................................................... business and industry overview .............................................................. the power power ........................................................................ the market size ................................................................................ stationary energy ....................................................................... non-stationary energy ............................................................. energy revolution .................................................................... trustless trading platform ..................................................... what blockchain technology .................................................. smart contracts .......................................................................... why society needs energy trading platform ..................... human energy ................................................................................ the power ledger platform ....................................................... achievements ................................................................................. platform applications ............................................................................ trading..................................................................................... neo-retailer ................................................................................... microgrid/embedded network operator/strata ................... wholesale market settlement .................................................. autonomous asset (aa) managment .......................................... distributed market management .............................................. electric vehicles .......................................................................... power port ..................................................................................... carbon trading ............................................................................. transmission exchange .............................................................. power ledger's achievements ............................................................... introduction.................................................................................. the board directors................................................................ the team .......................................................................................... technical overview ................................................................................ introduction.................................................................................. powr token ..................................................................................... dual token ecosystem ................................................................. powr tokens are access permission tokens ........................... powr functions and smart bonds ............................................ powr tokens are incentive tokens: virtuous cycle ........... powr and exchanges .................................................................... technology application layers ............................................................. ethereum blockchain public layer ........................................ power ledger core ........................................................................ ecochain services consortium blockchai ............................ state channels ............................................................................. the power ledger applications layer fusebox ................... power ledger pty ltd copyright (c) meter readings ............................................................................ trade engine ................................................................................. trading group builder ............................................................. blockchain ..................................................................................... geo-location priority (under development) .................. consumer choices ...................................................................... autonomous assets and asset germination events ... roadmap milestones .......................................................................... power ledger development roadmap ....................................... .............................................................................................. .............................................................................................. .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................. power ledger pty ltd copyright (c) disclaimer this document technical whitepaper setting out the current and future developments the power ledger platform and power ledger ecosystem power ledger pty ltd (power ledger). this paper for information purposes only and not statement future intent. unless expressly specified otherwise, the products and innovations set out this paper are currently under development and are not currently deployment. power ledger makes warranties representations the successful development implementation such technologies and innovations, achievement any other activities noted the paper, and disclaims any warranties implied law otherwise, the extent permitted law. person entitled rely the contents this paper any inferences drawn from it, including relation any interactions with power ledger the technologies mentioned this paper. power ledger disclaims all liability for any loss damage whatsoever kind (whether foreseeable not) which may arise from any person acting any information and opinions relating power ledger, the power ledger platform the power ledger ecosystem contained this paper any information which made available connection with any further enquiries, notwithstanding any negligence, default lack care. the information contained this publication derived from data obtained from sources believed power ledger reliable and given good faith, but warranties guarantees, representations are made power ledger with regard the accuracy, completeness suitability the information presented. should not relied upon, and shall not confer rights remedies upon, you any your employees, creditors, holders securities other equity holders any other person. any opinions expressed reflect the current judgment the authors this paper and not necessarily represent the opinion power ledger. the opinions reflected herein may change without notice and the opinions not necessarily correspond the opinions power ledger. power ledger does not have obligation amend, modify update this paper otherwise notify reader recipient thereof the event that any matter stated herein, any opinion, projection, forecast estimate set forth herein, changes subsequently becomes inaccurate. power ledger, its directors, employees, contractors and representatives not have any responsibility liability any person recipient (whether reason negligence, negligent misstatement otherwise) arising from any statement, opinion information, expressed implied, arising out of, contained derived from omission from this paper. neither power ledger nor its advisors has independently verified any the information, including the forecasts, prospects and projections contained this paper. each recipient rely solely its own knowledge, investigation, judgment and assessment the matters which are the subject this report and any information which made available connection with any further enquiries and satisfy itself the accuracy and completeness such matters. whilst every effort made ensure that statements facts made this paper are accurate, all estimates, projections, forecasts, prospects, expressions opinion and other subjective judgments contained this paper are based assumptions considered reasonable the date the document which they are contained and must not construed representation that the matters referred therein will occur. any plans, projections forecasts mentioned this paper may not achieved due multiple risk factors including without limitation defects technology developments, legal regulatory exposure, market volatility, sector volatility, corporate actions, the unavailability complete and accurate information. power ledger may provide hyperlinks websites entities mentioned this paper, however the inclusion link does not imply that power ledger endorses, recommends approves any material the linked page accessible from it. such linked websites are accessed entirely your own risk. power ledger does not accept responsibility whatsoever for any such material, nor for consequences its use. this paper not directed to, intended for distribution use by, any person entity who citizen resident located any state, country other jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availability use would contrary law regulation. this paper only available www.power ledger.io and may not redistributed, reproduced passed any other person published, part whole, for any purpose, without the prior, written consent power ledger. the manner distributing this paper may restricted law regulation certain countries. persons into whose possession this paper may come are required inform themselves about and observe such restrictions. accessing this paper, recipient hereof agrees bound the foregoing limitations. power ledger pty ltd copyright (c) usiness and industry overview the power power the energy industry used simple. vertically-integrated utilities sat the middle the system, like benevolent spiders spinning web out the last consumer requesting connection: they decided where and when build generating capacity; they decided how bridge the distance between generators and loads; they kept the system balance through the deft application the levers available centralized controlling entity. while progressive utilities and regulators try position themselves consumer-focused consumer-centric, the reality is, even the most progressive are only rephrasing narrative that pushes citizens into categories consumers. figure ..: out the trillion dollars invested electricity generation, trillion will from renewable sources. source: bnef clinging the umbilicus the power network, consumers are fed steady diet price and product. the cost energy security can counted terms control, certainty and economic independence. but global technology revolution has changed the power balance between consumers and centralized power authorities. the booming market distributed energy resources (der) like solar photovoltaic systems (pv), batteries, microgrids and embedded networks has moved the power balance from central authorities the edges the grid, where citizens have control. and not just about controlling the cost energy consumption, reflection peoples' desires that their energy supplies are more sustainable, more socially-responsible, more local, more resilient and more democratic (see figure ..). all that needed move the revolution into the mainstream model for energy trading that takes control out the hands central players and puts everyday citizens charge co-created energy future. the power ledger ecosystem that platform. the market size power ledger pty ltd copyright (c) stationary energy electricity critical enabler. the current electrification state the global population advanced and transitional economies require secure access modern sources energy, underpin their development and growing prosperity. developing countries, access affordable and reliable energy fundamental reducing poverty, improving health, increasing productivity, enhancing competitiveness and promoting economic growth. hundreds millions people have attained modern energy access over the last two decades through distribution networks, especially china and india. this means that more people earth than ever before are now connected ever-growing and interconnected electricity networks. this creates enormous appetite for innovative new energy peer-to-peer (pp) energy transaction platforms. non-stationary energy addition stationary electricity consumers (buildings, factories, apartments and houses), non-stationary electricity users are driving electricity demand across the globe. the year saw the global threshold exceed million electric vehicles (ev) the road, with the total number closing million. service this growing fleet, there were estimated total million electric car charging points worldwide evs are forecast reach price parity with combustion engine cars largely due falling battery cost and increasing fuel density. the deployment scenarios for the stock evs range: between million evs use worldwide between million and between million energy revolution new york city, hurricane sandy destroyed the century-old concept utility power supplies and heralded new era distributed energy supplies that value resilience over tradition. australia, the years between and more new generating capacity was installed residential roofs than was connected transmission networks. regulator forecasts are accurate, network businesses face the prospect leaking hundreds millions dollars revenue result the load defection brought about through the proliferation rooftop and the uptake distributed energy storage. power ledger pty ltd copyright (c) there inconvenient truth facing the traditional energy supply industry: some stage, will cheaper and more effective self-supply than rely the network provide low-cost and reliable and clean energy. might happen five years, might happen two (according research for some consumers has already happened, see figure ..) but need accept the fact that the only purpose energy networks the provision energy, then are putting them against some stern competition the form ders. figure ..: the countries analyzed deutsche bank had reached grid parity: where solar generation was equal less than local retail electricity prices. there alternative this steadily emerging obsolescence and, oddly enough, can help preserve the value existing network assets while reducing the risk investment for those co-creating the energy system the future. re-imagining the network decentralized and "trustless" trading platform. the rapid penetration ders means now have distribution system characterized bi-directional flows energy and millions active prosumers. residential level, consumers are spilling energy into the network and feeling under-rewarded for their contribution. network that allows consumers realize value from their investment der presents additional value proposition that could encourage even greater investment distributed renewables and new era network management. this new paradigm will see ever increasing levels automation and resilience led, not small number large-scale centralized investments, but millions micro-investments distributed across the system. power ledger pty ltd copyright (c) prosumers: consumer who becomes involved with producing storing electricity for their own needs. trustless trading platform trading platform network that allows consumers sell energy their peers trustless environment. new component the distributed economy that allows consumers realize the value their investment der allowing them monetize their excess energy much the same way uber and airbnb allow people monetize their cars and spare rooms. and trustless? trading platform that requires third-party settlement and reconciliation millions transactions between hundreds thousands traders across minute trading intervals would almost impossible support without central player taking control all parties' data, prescribing fees, requiring trust, proving accuracy and binding the market red tape and bureaucracy. but the blockchain agreement machine that can facilitate the financial settlement these transactions, the same trading intervals which the energy produced and consumed, and can achieved speed not possible using current market settlement technologies. blockchain-enabled energy trading will transform energy networks into trading platforms and invoke transactive economy that moves away from bilateral retail arrangements multi-lateral trading ecosystems, preserving networks' relevance consumers. what blockchain technology blockchain software innovation for establishing digital trust between users facilitating transactions value, over network. the blockchain enables trust distributed throughout network, without the need for central intermediary track, verify and approve the digital exchange value. the notion authorizing trust from central intermediary currently underpins both private and government institutional structures, however this proving costly, slow, and also vulnerable attack. the blockchain overcomes these issues operating decentralized distributed database, maintaining continuously growing list records called blocks. although blockchain technology still emergent one, current applications show can better, more efficient and more secure than traditional systems, which why banks and governments globally are beginning experiment with it. smart contracts on-chain computer code "smart contracts" are computer protocols that facilitate, verify, enforce the performance contract making contractual power ledger pty ltd copyright (c) trustless: trustless system one designed that nobody has trust anybody else order for the system function. makes possible trust the outputs system without trusting any actor within it. clause unnecessary. smart contracts often emulate the logic contractual clauses. smart contracts can exchange money, property, shares anything value transparent, conflict-free way, while avoiding the services middleman. ordinarily, process would require payment middleman, government agency, bank, lawyer notary, and then processing time before the receipt goods services. however, with smart contract technology can all automated. smart contract technology can compared that automated vending machine. with vending machine, money deposited into the vending machine and the desired item drops for collection, provided that the correct amount deposited. comparable that, with smart contract, the money deposited into escrow the blockchain for receipt transfer token (e.g. digital certificate title for house), which instantaneously transferred into counterparty's control once conditions are met. smart contracts not only define the terms and conditions around agreement the same way that traditional contract does, but also provide enforcement those obligations. why society needs energy trading platform not just network service providers that benefit from maintaining the relevance one our most important social assets. the people that have the most lose the face falling network utilization are the people that have the least ability influence their exposure rising network costs and the impact grid-supplied energy. the financially and socially marginalized renters, the huge number tenants living group housing developments and even those whose homes are oriented the wrong direction are exposed shading from nearby buildings trees, are the people who will bear the impact falling network utilization not find way incentivize prosumers stick tight the network. unlike the centrally-managed power systems the past, the future the energy system, will co-created the prosumers and investors that will decide where and when install der. power ledger pty ltd copyright (c) human energy energy trading between citizens brings humanity the energy system. instead faceless traders hedging their positions, citizen utilities return profits communities, incentivize community investments generating assets, and allow the sharing gifting energy. ultimately, dynamic distributed energy markets become mainstream, the owners ders can earn income, not just from the energy they sell but from the network services they provide such frequency and voltage control, load shifting, load shaping and load sinking. evs will become the back-up power source choice the owners evs monetize their spare energy, not through selling kilowatt hours but selling resilient access the lifestyles take for granted. aspiring communities building modern economies through electrification, citizen-owned microgrids are leap technology that by-passes the mistakes the past and supports the development low-cost, low-carbon, and democratic power systems towns and gated communities all over the developing world. modern cities, neo-retailers, the new species innovative energy retailer, will support trading through effective aggregation consumer preference and demand aligned transparently, with prosumer capacity managing risk and security and providing choice for consumers. human energy will change the face the energy system because instead being focused solely profits, will focus the broader needs communities, aspirations for independence and co-creation, and the longterm sustainability energy creation and consumption. the power ledger platform the power ledger platform (platform) trustless, transparent and interoperable energy trading platform that supports ever-expanding suite energy applications, with exchangeable frictionless energy trading token, sparkz. the power ledger token (powrtm) the fuel the power ledger ecosystem with bespoke private trading applications creating sparkz exchange for powrs. sparkz are currently purchased and redeemed using fiat currencies with individual trading platforms hosting closed-loop exchanges for energy and sparkz. power ledger pty ltd copyright (c) citizen utilities: participants who generate, consume and transact electricity energy trading applications are not just conceptual, they are proven and deployed communities and energy markets around the world including australia, new zealand, europe and asia, such powerpeers. fiat currency: legal tender that backed the sovereign government state that issues it. the australian dollar and u.s. dollar fiat money, are many other major world currencies. this differs from money whose value underpinned some physical good such gold silver (commodity money). cryptocurrency: digital currency which mathematical encryption techniques and network consensus protocols are used regulate the generation units currency and verify transactions (i.e. the transfer funds), operating independently central bank. can used form digital money, purely relying the blockchain ledger and verification through encryption algorithms, rather than centrally controlled entity like central bank. power ledger pty ltd copyright (c) achievements australian blockchain trial the pilot project with national lifestyle villages (nlv) demonstrated the capability our concepts and technology, specifically ecochain. the project was huge success, becoming the first its kind australia. dwellings were connected via the blockchain giving way community energy marketplace. first international deployment after the first successful trial, power ledger deployed the technology with vector ltd., new zealand dso. the partnership with vector confirms power ledger's business strategy not cut out existing market participants, but rather let consumers and utilities drive the disruption feasible way. bank on-ramping power ledger secured financial channel enable direct exchange between sparkz and fiatcurrencies real-time. addition, power ledger developed the functionality exchange energy for sparkz for real-time fiat currency remuneration. providing bank on-ramping power ledger cleared the largest barrier for energy trading, democratizing power way one thought possible. commercial deployment multi-tentanted properties began commercial operations the white gum valley development fremantle, western australia. power ledger was the first company successfully use distributed ledger technology facilitate electricity trading across the meter and manage settlements without going through electricity retailer. partnership with indra australia power ledger has signed partnership agreement with leading global technology provider, indra, jointly develop network management solutions pairing indra's world-leading ispeed network control and optimisation platform, with power ledger's transactive energy platform, thus paving the way for the future development autonomous distributed energy markets that respond real-time network conditions and consumer behaviour. power ledger pty ltd copyright (c) latform applications the power ledger ecosystem supports growing number energy trading applications. the key classes platform applications developed power ledger are listed below, with some already operational, and others advanced conceptual design development. trading this class platform application gives retailers the ability empower consumers (or unregulated environment, the consumers themselves) simply trade electricity with one another and receive payment real-time from automated and trustless reconciliation and settlement system. there are many other immediate benefits such being able select clean energy source, trade with neighbors, receive more money for excess power, benefit from transparency all your trades blockchain, and very low-cost settlement costs, all leading lower power bills and improved returns for investments distributed renewables. neo-retailer this class platform application provides neo-retailers with smart demand and supply management, along with almost instantaneous remuneration and payment settlements while managing consumer exposure the risk nonsupply. microgrid/embedded network operator/strata this type platform application enables electricity metering, big data acquisition, rapid micro-transactions, and grid management unprecedented granular scale. trading embedded networks breaks the nexus between generation ownership and energy consumption, meaning value can derived from investment der even the investor absent doesn't consume all the energy they generate. wholesale market settlement this platform application class offers rapid low-cost and transparent dispatch optimization and management, data aggregation, reconciliation, and settlement for wholesale energy marketplaces. power ledger pty ltd copyright (c) neo-retailer: innovative energy retailer who supports trading through effective aggregation consumer preference and demand autonomous asset (aa) managment this current platform application allows for shared ownership renewable energy assets and trading renewable asset ownership. the able buy and sell its own electricity and distribute its income assigned wallet addresses. distributed market management this platform application provides optimized metering data, the collection big data, right access and dispatch assets, rapid transaction settlement, network load balancing, frequency management, demand side response, and demand side and load management. the optimization network assets made viable the near real-time remuneration asset owners. electric vehicles this class platform application facilitates real time metering data (interfacing with the open charge point protocol (ocpp)), collection data, user identification and rapid transaction settlement. power port class platform application whereby virtual pipeline and roadside assistance type assets may automated via the platform, such evs, and can provide mobile storage discharge facility maintaining energy supplies predominantly self-sufficient energy consumers. carbon trading this platform application class offers smart contracts for carbon traders assure digital transactions across organizations: credibility asset using immutable distributed ledger technology; and transparency and auditability. supports reporting and surrendering carbon credits certificates regulatory authorities. transmission exchange the management transmission networks, the platform can provide real time metering data, collection big data, right access and dispatch assets, rapid transaction settlement, and network load balancing, responding nonstationary energy. power ledger pty ltd copyright (c) ower ledger's achievements introduction after months research and planning, power ledger pty ltd (power ledger) was officially formed may address three the major challenges facing the energy system globally: finding way include individuals high-density housing the booming distributed energy economy; re-inventing electricity networks provide incentive for the connection der; and mitigating the risk stranding multiple billions dollars valuable network assets. power ledger developed and trialled australia's first energy trading network busselton, western australia august the time, that was the biggest and most advanced trial the world. this was quickly followed with the world's first blockchain-enabled energy trading platform across regulated distribution network auckland, new zealand working with new zealand's largest energy network business, vector ltd. power ledger has successfully separated the crypto-nature the blockchain from fiat-currency based financial exchange, satisfying regulated banking institutions the point where are now supporting energy exchange between individuals connected via regulated networks using local fiat currencies. power ledger has developed and deployed commercial energy management system that facilitates the transparent allocation on-site generated renewable energy tenants multi-unit apartments, providing, for the first time, real financial incentive for deployment jointly-owned multi-tenanted dwellings. power ledger working with property developers, one which sustainable settlements the witchcliffe ecovillage, support the creation sustainable urban settlements. using our unique energy-trading platform support the high-penetration der communities, are able exploit the naturaldiversity demand and minimise the use der resources, while still achieving renewable energy use. power ledger has developed series world-leading platform applications, such its energy trading application (interface shown figure ..), meaning businesses, such utilities, can now host trading the platform. power ledger pty ltd copyright (c) our experience, gained from decades work the energy industry and honed working with our partners throughout our trials, has led conceive how best about democratising the world's power systems. believe this best achieved through the rapid implementation our disruptive, consumer-driven transactive techologies, fostering incentives, and enabling collaboration between consumers, prosumers and industry incumbents. power ledger's partners are rapidly increasing number, and more recently welcomed other new application hosts who will host trading the platform accelerate the reach community-focused trading enterprises globally. figure ..: example the data application host would see power ledger's developed interface. power ledger pty ltd copyright (c) the board directors bill tai board advisor originally trained chip designer, bill joined lsi logic, seminal silicon valley startup formed the ceo fairchild semiconductor after earning bsee with honors from university illinois. after completing mba harvard, was issued badge tsmc, now among the most valuable tech companies the world. has been venture capitalist since and today the chairman treasure data, board member bitfury and voxer. bill was founding chairman and ceo iasiaworks (ipo via goldman sachs morgan stanley) and founding chairman ipinfusion. has served board director publicly listed companies that grew from startups funded their formative stages. serves the world economic forum's technology pioneer committee and adjunct professor innovation curtin university. dr. jemma green chair jemma, the chair, provides the strategic external relations, risk management, and leadership development for power ledger. jemma has more than years' experience finance and risk advisory, having worked for years investment banking london. whilst there, she completed masters degree and two postgraduate diplomas from cambridge university. jemma research fellow curtin university sustainability policy (cusp) institute, whose doctoral research into "citizen utilities" has produced unique insights into the challenges and opportunities for the deployment roof-top solar and battery storage within multi-unit developments and the application the blockchain. jemma experienced the challenges sustainable cities through her role independent councilor the city perth. she also the chair climate-kic australia. david martin managing director david manages the daily operations and commercialization power ledger's technology, working build the market acceptance trading and gain the regulatory reforms required for democratization. david has nearly years' experience the electricity industry and has held executive positions two state-owned electricity utilities. david has spent the past years senior consultant industry participants, specializing regulation distribution networks, dnsp consumer engagement, renewable/new technology feasibility studies, and business development. david has significant experience the challenges and opportunities facing regulated dnsps they transition new energydemand paradigm that sees customer behavior leading technology and service demand changes that can present "make break" opportunities power ledger pty ltd copyright (c) for dnsps. david passionate about the development low-carbon electricity system focused the needs all consumers. john bulich technical director john provides the strategic direction for conceptual, system and application design and development for power ledger. john leads the technical team the development the power ledger platform. john director and co-founder ledger assets, perth-based blockchain developer specializing the creation and commercialization technical and commercial blockchain systems. ledger assets has successfully developed and deployed world-first blockchain-based products proving the provenance artefacts including evidence-grade photography, video, document management and medical records management. dr. gov van technical development dr. gov van co-founder director gov works technical development. co-founded ledger assets, leading australian blockchain company. has phd from university manchester total technology and before ledger assets, was managing director number private and listed companies. investor and business founder and launched his first software company gov experienced concept development, systems architecture and design, commercial matters and has expertise human/computing interface design and a.i. jenni conroy company secretary product development jenni power ledger's company secretary and manages regulatory and business services, which includes development products for power ledger's platform. jenni has more than years' experience the western australian energy industry, holds master's degrees both business and commercial law, and the owner future effect, energy sector consulting firm. jenni has provided strategic, commercial, and regulatory advice boards and senior management energy market participants and governments developing energy policy and regulation. she has built enviable reputation the west australian electricity sector for economic and technical regulation, industry development, and electricity entity valuation. power ledger pty ltd copyright (c) the team power ledger pty ltd copyright (c) echnical overview introduction the power ledger platform the ecosystem that enables interoperability between diverse market management/pricing mechanisms and units electricity (kwh) way pre-purchased tokens. the power ledger platform provides transparent governance framework that allows the ecosystem seamlessly interface with energy markets around the globe, bringing innovation and wide range network benefits consumers. this approach means the ecosystem adaptable and scalable for applications within any existing future regulatory environment, achieving the dynamic agility required adapt any number regulatory structures. this dynamic agility, allows redefinition where application hosts (utilities, retailers, property managers, etc.) and customers (users) are positioned the ecosystem and who has market power any transactive arrangement. the market flexibility the ecosystem facilitated deployment dual token ecosystem (powr and sparkz) operating throughout its two blockchain layers. powr tokens are the frictionless blockchain tokens that allow application hosts and participants access and use the platform (like limited software licensing permission). sparkz tokens are issued against escrowed powr tokens, via smart bond, and used the application host onboard its customers. application hosts are entities and businesses that run application the platform. for example, utility company using the platform will application host, ev-charging services business. decentralized autonomous organization can also become application host. "off the shelf" applications may used the ecosystem. applications such fusebox, power ledger's energy trading application which acts "utility box", allowing utilities manage and on-board participants the platform and reap the technology benefits and cost advantages offers. applications may also developed third parties, using the platform's designs and services fast track innovative consumer applications. the power ledger pty ltd copyright (c) powr sparkz ratio for third party developers may adjusted depending their customer feedback and reputation. sparkz, the "low level" token, are specifically limited representing the tokenized value unit electricity varying markets around the world. sparkz and powr tokens will exchangeable, connecting the functions the ecosystem. sparkz maintain steady exchange rate between local market electricity prices and the exchange priced powr token. figure shows the design architecture where application hosts (i.e. energy utility company) will buy powr tokens from the open market. figure ..: the direct peer-to-peer model for working within deregulated market structures figure ..: the retail model for working with existing market structures consumer and prosumers buy and sell energy, which settled with sparkz tokens and may redeem the sparkz for cash via their application host. the level disruption from the ecosystem able controlled application hosts ensuring rapid and early adoption the technology whilst supporting utilities' needs migrate speed that works for their organization. this controlled deployment the disruptive benefits will also help application hosts transfer technology consumers, helping them grow their consumer base using their local market knowledge. figure advances the concept such that powr tokens can used directly trading between prosumers and consumers, with near zero power ledger pty ltd copyright (c) intermediation and this the way markets will operate deregulation the sector moves forward the years come. powr token the powr token will serve the fuel the power ledger ecosystem. powr tokens help facilitate low cost and better returns electricity. they interact with the ecosystem through: providing governance and consumer protection through smart bond technology (section facilitating access use the platform (section providing loyalty rewards participants (see section .); contributing and connecting with renewable energy charities and organizations (see section .); providing access priority asset germination events and benefits from asset's 'powr' generation (see section ..); and dual token ecosystem synchronize the ecosystem globally and create cross-market electricity compatibility, second token, sparkz, used for ecosystem transactions. sparkz tokens are priced, issued, and redeemed the local currency the platform participant. purchasing sufficient amount powr tokens allows application hosts access the ecosystem from where they can convert their powr tokens sparkz and on-board their customer base. powr tokens are required generate sparkz. sparkz are local market level token and are priced for the exchange market they are deployed in, e.g. australia sparkz cent aud. they allow for frictionless transacting throughout the fusebox applications. powr tokens are access permission tokens powr tokens allow the application hosts and their consumers gain access the trading features and other power ledger applications. example, application host would need purchase enough powr tokens generate the necessary sparkz for their consumers transact electricity their home market. the application host will need maintain power ledger pty ltd copyright (c) sufficient number powr tokens generate the necessary sparkz required, for their consumer base. deregulated market, where participants are able trade directly with each other without the need for intermediaries, participants will able convert their powr tokens directly sparkz and transact the platform without application host. use services the platform each application host will require powr tokens transact for sparkz, their local jurisdiction. powr tokens can seen the global token that opens access the platform for all participants, on-board the system. the powr token the access token, like software license, that grants ability for application hosts transact the platform, through trading powr tokens for sparkz. once application host has exhausted all powr tokens they can longer transact the platform until they obtain more powr provide platform access. smart bonds: automated contract bond using smart contract technology, that has built code, enforce compliance the contract bond parties. powr functions and smart bonds for incumbent market participants, the powr token will provide not only access the network, but also the smart bond functionalities. powr tokens from the growth pool will gifted incentivize application hosts use and contribute the development the platform applications and on-board their consumers facilitate its global reach. application hosts such energy retailers and network utilities will required provide the powr tokens surety for the sparkz they receive from the platform. the sparkz are then used transact electricity between their customers their home market. powr tokens will escrowed for sparkz ethereum smart bond, and can only unlocked from the smart bond upon the return the sparkz. expected application hosts will need acquire more powr tokens over time facilitate increase transactions their consumer base grows and the technology becomes more widely adopted. the more powr tokens that are escrowed for sparkz, the more organic demand created for the powr tokens. the smart bond contract will ensure consumer protection the event the failure application host (i.e. bankruptcy). consumers are able redeem their sparkz directly, against the powr tokens previously provided surety and port another application host. power ledger pty ltd copyright (c) powr tokens are incentive tokens: virtuous cycle all prosumers generating and consumers purchasing renewable energy are rewarded powr tokens, under the green energy loyalty rewards program, for using the platform. the incentive formula weighted towards renewable energy producers. the loyalty incentive program funded charging small fee for all transactions the platform. part the fee then used purchase powr tokens exchanges and distribute them under the program, incentivizing renewable energy generation. the goal the powr tokens ensure that incentives for developers, application hosts, and participants are all aligned and, they contribute the democratization energy, they are rewarded for the evolution and future success the power ledger ecosystem. the ecosystem user-base grows, the demand for powr(tm) tokens will likely increase. for the platform truly global and decentralized, the powr tokens may the future facilitate green energy generation initiatives, driving sustainability. customers could donate micro-portions their transactions charities and/or organizations that contribute towards innovative renewable and sustainable energy projects through trading clean energy and the supporting green energy generation initiatives, more users are incentivized adopt the platform creating virtuous cycle for sustainable energy. powr and exchanges the standardized ethereum erc powr tokens may also used public exchanges. exchanges are independent and not operated power ledger. however, exchanges serve further decentralize and add transparency powr tokens, giving the holders powr the choice exit enter the token platform. powr tokens provide efficiency the ease transfer for clean energy. participants with powr tokens will able instantly transact through application host once the platform live their region and the requisite regulatory framework emerges. markets become fully deregulated the participants will able transact directly through the platform without the requirement for application hosts. prosumers and consumers the power ledger ecosystem will able transfer and receive clean green energy credits anywhere the world the power ledger pty ltd copyright (c) platform gradually rolled out globally. prosumer consumer moves another country, not necessary for them close their account and exit the system. the power ledger ecosystem will global platform that allows users migrate between applications and instantly transact with their powr tokens. the transparent governance framework the ecosystems center will inclusive design, enabling easy interface application hosts. this will drive early adoption and allows seamless interfacing with energy markets around the world, bringing innovation and wide range network benefits consumers. its core, the focus providing lower cost energy and better returns energy for citizen investors, whilst providing powerful incentives prioritize the adoption renewable clean energy. power ledger pty ltd copyright (c) public blockchain: anyone with internet connection can set node that then synced with the entire blockchain history. each transaction verified and synced with every node affiliated with the blockchain before written the system. this redundancy makes public blockchain extremely secure. echnology application layers sustainability one power ledger's core values, therefore, aim minimize the energy consumed any proof-of-work algorithm. for this reason, hybrid public and consortium blockchain approach has been selected. powr tokens the public ethereum blockchain and feeless ethereum blockchain handle the high transaction volume energy trading. will transition entirely public proof-of-stake blockchain due course. sustainable public blockchains are the future! ethereum blockchain public layer the public layer utilizes the ethereum blockchain and where the ecosystem interfaces with third party token exchanges. the public layer and third-party exchanges operate independently and are outside power ledger ecosystem's control and provide the most advanced security and decentralization available the erc standard powr tokens. users may choose exchange their powr tokens publicly store them and later utilize them within power ledger's fusebox application software, if/when they become available within the user's local energy marketplace. the public layer provides mechanism for interfacing and transacting with the consortium and application layers through the powr tokens. power ledger core the power ledger core layer the public smart contracts layer which provides trustless and open-sourced implementation the key components the powr token ecosystem: powr/sparkz exchanger and smart bond contract for application hosts; growth pool escrow services for powr token beneficiaries; power ledger pty ltd copyright (c) oracles: where external information accessed smart contracts. the oracle normally gives history and often receives financial incentive report accurate information. customer powr incentives and green energy loyalty rewards program management; renewable energy assets germination and participation events; direct participant powr/sparkz exchange for participation deregulated market structures; and oracles using smart contract gather information external the blockchain protocol required for internal operations and communicating with the consortium chain. ecochain services consortium blockchai power ledger's industry specific consortium blockchain. currently power ledger uses the ecochain(tm) (ecochain) blockchain, private proof stake (pos), low-power blockchain developed in-house and live tested the energy markets during trials and ecochain has been stress-tested high-load environments and has provided valuable insights into blockchain functionality and compatibility, with energy data collection and settlement figure ..: the ecosystem realized number technology layers power ledger pty ltd copyright (c) ***built and beta test **built and alpha test *under development private blockchain: only predetermined private entity writes and verifies each transaction. though does not offer the same decentralized security its public counterpart, exhibits greater efficiency and runs significantly faster. proof stake (pos): concept states that person can mine validate block transactions according how many coins she holds. power ledger successfully developed ecochain, september its own private proof-of-stake blockchain for use the power industry. was deployed western australia, and internationally new zealand, and currently use number other existing trials. power ledger has already commenced the transition modified fee-less consortium ethereum network, while retaining its existing ecochain system benefits for specific platform services where current hosts run applications. both ethereum (consortium) and the original private ecochain blockchain currently run the ecochain services, consortium blockchain layer. the transition means the ecochain services blockchain layer benchmarked against the latest blockchain technology while retaining active settlement layers, and also ensures open future ethereum development and proposed casper pos implementation. the transition also provides further benefits and enhanced token protocol functionality throughout the ecosystem. the ecochain services blockchain layer functions include: sparkz token creation and management; fiat payment processor integration; storage and verification smart meter readings and trading related data; autonomous asset management; and green energy loyalty rewards manager. state channels state channels provide way execute blockchain transactions offchain manner locking the blockchain state utilizing multi-signatures smart contracts. order update the state, specific set participants must completely agree with each other. eventually the state closed and sent the blockchain. due the high frequency nature energy transaction settlement, the platform will increasingly utilize state channels handle these events. power ledger pty ltd copyright (c) consortium blockchain: partly private and partly public. few select nodes are predetermined verify transactions. the power ledger applications layer fusebox the ecosystem's application layer the fusebox. it's where the magic happens! the ecosystem's architecture facilitates easy adaptation for both highly regulated and deregulated energy markets. the ecosystem's most advanced application was developed power ledger and versatile trading application. allows for direct trading between prosumers and consumers with without the inclusion industry intermediaries such market operators, retailers transmission network operators. application hosts are already trialing this application for their consumers. figure ..: example fusebox application: neo-retailers the application was designed configured suit prevailing market structures and existing regulations with the ability reconfigure itself and continue trading seamlessly policy change occurs within the local operating environment. currently, all transacting energy performed via the sparkz tokens, which are pegged the local unit currency. this allows for any number economic and time-based pricing scenarios, applied across all countries and electricity pricing structures. power ledger pty ltd copyright (c) user migration possible via the standard powr token, which has its sparkz conversion rates anchored the currency the financial market where was originally deployed. meter readings meter reading details are recorded intervals minutes depending the application host's requirements and can displayed the participant, near real-time hour delayed depending the hardware and communication network available. trial readings and early were generally taken every minutes, for design and stress testing the platform and provide the most realistic actual trade matching time interval. trade engine power ledger has developed its own unique trade matching algorithms which transact available power equitably, between prosumers and consumers, without favoring any the participants. consumer orders both sides the market are filled equal increments and cycled continuously, until the market has cleared. this allows new consumers on-ramp and immediately receive equal allocation the available pool renewable energy their area, whilst minimizing the distance between consumers. this has impact transmission efficiencies and thus minimizing carbon emissions. trading run cycles are configurable and can selected, based the application host's requirements. they currently range from minutes hours. trading group builder power ledger's trading group priority allows for maximum flexibility the trading configuration the various application hosts. individual meters can grouped and their electricity transacted within market and proximity based priority groups (see example figure ...). platform participants trade within specified trading group configured their application host (regulated) power ledger (unregulated). participants with remaining import/export kwh trade move the trade priority groups until all remaining kwh are sold. retailer neo-retailer may ultimately fill any remaining orders acting the "risk manager" the buyer and seller last resort. power ledger pty ltd copyright (c) trading groups can also determined autonomously pre-configured network condition monitoring. this provides the underpinning framework for dynamic distribution markets, within smart-networks. figure ...: example trading priority groups blockchain currently readings are recorded directly into the ecochain blockchain services interface they are collected from smart power meters, via suite power ledger apis. all energy trading similarly immediately settled via the interface they occur and provides for secure and trustworthy audit trail, for all participants. the existing ecochain was designed run multiple private blockchains (allocated cover geographical areas) with tangling into public blockchain, that also minimize data mining for maximum scalability. geo-location priority (under development) prosumers generate and export electricity the grid, the electricity naturally flows its closest consumption point. power ledger's trade engine currently being designed geo-locate participants and prioritizes proximity assist network load balancing and provide economic incentive for the deployment distributed generation sources, efficient intervals across the distribution network. power ledger's blockchain trade and settlement engine provides the backbone for other fusebox applications. power ledger pty ltd copyright (c) consumer choices power ledger's ecosystem puts choice the hands the consumer allowing them specify where they want purchase their energy from. for example, energy consumer may choose pay premium ensure their energy comes from locally produced solar energy buildings built with ecomaterials, this incentivizes eco-driven choices. autonomous assets and asset germination events power ledger's current autonomous asset (aa) management module allows for shared ownership and trading renewable assets. the able buy and sell its own electricity and distribute its income assigned wallet addresses (see example figure ...) this allows communities collectively invest renewable energy infrastructure increasing the rate move towards zero emissions future. figure ...: example autonomous asset management application manufacturer asset owner apt-: apartment and partial owner apt-bldg: strata company, income only used pay for common areas power consumption apt-pv: asset wallet used fund its own maintenance and replacement power ledger pty ltd copyright (c) oadmap milestones our goal for the adoption the platform and ecosystem globally. aim democratize power: bring the benefits our technology consumers leading lower power bills, better prices for excess renewable power, and use cleaner energy. the same time, aim help businesses host advanced applications and services rapid, transparent, and profitable way. power ledger development roadmap the development funds will allocated towards meeting the following milestones: token generation event the token generation event will ultimately allow the substantially accelerated platform development and incentivization early users onto the platform. application development the first applications beta testing after the token sale will the microgrid embedded network operator/strata and the electric vehicle trading applications. green energy loyalty rewards program the green energy incentive formula weighted towards renewable energy producers will begin and accelerate renewable energy generation begin distribution growth pool early application hosts will gifted powr tokens incentivize their use and contribution the platform technology layers transition power ledger will complete the transition modified fee-less consortium ethereum network power ledger pty ltd copyright (c) first asset germination event power ledger and platform application hosts will begin conducting asset germination events. marketing and partnerships new applications are developed potential application hosts will targeted and/or power ledger may directly deploy the application beta test new applications begin beta test autonomous asset management and neo-retailer and carbon trading applications frequent asset germination events asset germination events will frequently conducted power ledger and its application hosts. transition public blockchain power ledger aims operating fully public pos blockchain. powerport future applications begin beta testing the powerport application, well wholesale market settlement, distributed market management, and other future applications that cannot even imagined yet! power ledger pty ltd copyright (c)