skychain neural network every home! would like bring your attention the skychain project. will provide open infrastructure based blockchain principles and enable development, training, and use medical neural networks. skychain's goal facilitate transactions between four groups participants: owners medical big data required for neural network training; developers medical neural networks; doctors and patients interested accurate diagnoses made artificial intelligence; crypto miners, who can provide their computational resources. ibm estimates that the artificial intelligence market the healthcare industry can reach billion several years. skychain aims grabbing percent that market providing open infrastructure combine the resources many participants. thanks that approach, skychain can outperform any closed, proprietary product. medical neural networks neural networks can already diagnose diseases par with the best doctors analyzing patients' test results, x-ray images, etc. the best neural networks are developed not large corporations, but independent labs and research centers. thousands new participants are going join the neural network development market. skychain will combine their efforts providing three useful services: single marketplace that will allow millions healthcare professionals around the world access neural networks, paying the developers fee for each use their neural networks; neural network training platform that will allow the developers train their neural networks for fee many datasets prepared independent data providers, and get very deep and very accurate neural networks; distributed supercomputer that will host and run more complex and more accurate neural networks than any local data centers servers could ever do. skychain will help medical data providers the following ways: will provide data marketplace allow many data providers provide their datasets service for neural network training. the neural networks trained the medical data providers' datasets will only used within the skychain system guarantee that the data providers will get their share the profits generated training neural networks their datasets; preparing medical datasets for neural network training will become profitable business for the owners such big data. the skychain project cares about the intellectual property neural network developers and data providers. both the trained neural networks and the datasets used for their training will protected from any third parties. skychain will also protect the patients' private data sending them de-identified form and using end-to-end encryption. blockchain and mining blockchain technologies are based crypto mining, which basically means that they combine the computational resources millions participants all over the world. skychain will add social utility crypto mining and make more beneficial for all the parties enabling crypto miners provide valuable service, using their computational resources for neural network training and calculation. have developed the proof-of-deep-learning-training and proof-ofinference algorithms that are the heart skychain. skychain users according the official statistics, least medical diagnoses wrong. the total annual loss from such errors more than billion. skychain will improve the accuracy medical diagnoses and drastically reduce the amount money that insurance companies have pay for their clients' medical treatment. the following parties will benefit from using skychain: healthcare professionals can minimize their reputational risks and the chance being sued for malpractice; insurance companies can reduce their expenses and increase profitability; medical patients can get more accurate diagnoses, which will also reduce the cost and length treatment imagine doctor who has provided medical advice thousands patients, read hundreds scientific papers, and keeps with the latest achievements his area medicine. this healthcare professional superstar, and many patients have wait for months before they can get appointment. combine the experience and skills all the best healthcare professionals, and you will create skychain! its diagnoses and prescriptions will getting more accurate with each new patient. for skychain, the sky the limit! its services will very affordable and available all over the world. mission the project skychain based the concept pure competition between market participants, with view provide high-quality services cheaply possible. the skychain software will open source, any participant can look into the code. result, participants will trust the skychain system even more. skychain will offer users wide selection neural networks developed and run independent labs. many researchers, including college students, will able afford training their neural networks using the computational resources provided other skychain participants. thanks the skychain data marketplace, the best specialists will quickly develop neural networks and train them huge amounts medical data that single company, organization, nation could ever accumulate. result, the number skychain's neural networks and their quality will unattainable for any single private public project. the mission the skychain project provide high-quality, affordable medical diagnostic services lot people; speed the development neural network technologies and make neural networks available for everybody; and create open, distributed ecosystem that will not allow any corporate giants other major players monopolize the market. strongly believe that humanity will benefit from our project. contacts https://skychain.global