whitepaper the community-powered search engine www.presearch.io copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved table contents abstract background the internet search the gateway search engines the gatekeepers current search engine technology search engine transparency role the community decentralization organization the vision product strategy transparent, accessible, open and decentralized community constitution community consensus model participation and rewards key challenges market strategy milestones token model core properties use cases token sales allocation tokens team presearch labs advisors conclusion changelog copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved abstract the internet connects more than half humanity and reshaping industry, society and government unprecedented pace. while most users are happy with the current state the internet due the proliferation 'free' services that enable them research, share, transact and communicate, just handful these services are responsible for the vast majority usage. never before have few organizations controlled the information flow for many people. while this problematic, least with services like facebook, linkedin, and twitter users know they are dealing walled garden and not expect impartiality and neutrality their experience. however, the case google, due their origin academic project, friendly branding, and 'don't evil' mantra, users have been lead believe that google neutral resource that simply guides them the most appropriate answers that are chosen automatically genius algorithm. they expect honest answers and have hard time believing that google's results could self-serving worse, detrimental the searcher. google has become multi-billion dollar business that answers wall street, their ethos seems have shifted from the early days people remember them by. they have become known for promoting their own properties the expense alternatives appropriating others' info and operating secrecy all which blamed 'the algorithm'. the reality that they manually manipulate results while hiding behind their algorithm and justifying all changes being 'best for the user'. it's not ideal environment. search the gateway the web. the world deserves alternative search engine that open, transparent, and that involves the community product development, consensus and quality control. presearch building this open, decentralized search engine. clearly set the ground rules and user expectations front, and will never deviate from our community constitution. presearch ground up, community movement, similar wikipedia. human curation important strategy that combined with scalable machine learning approaches. this curation and overall development the platform incentivized with pre (presearch token) exchangeable tokens that reward participants' efforts. the beta release, which more search tool than search engine, the user able choose which engine they search from the presearch interface. google the default option, minimizing switching costs for the majority users who already use google. users are exposed alternative engines, including duckduckgo, social search engines, domain whois engines and more. presearch funds operations through transparent, unobtrusive advertising system that enables advertisers bid keywords and sponsor results. version one, relevant ads are displayed within the search field auto-suggest results. ads are purchased using pres via auction, driving usage within the ecosystem. http://www.cnbc.com////eu-hits-google-with-a-record-antitrust-fine-of--point--billion.html https://www.theguardian.com/technology//mar//google-illegally-took-content-from-amazon-yelp-tripadvisor-ftc-report https://www.inc.com/jeff-bercovici/google-culture-secrecy.html https://www.forbes.com/sites/jaysondemers////the-definitive-guide-to-google-manual-actions-and-penalties/#bdbed copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved background the internet the internet one humanity's crowning achievements. less than years, the internet has transformed the global economy from industrial information-based, while altering almost every facet social life the same time. with half the global population now online, the internet the link that binds people together, enabling them research, share, transact and communicate instantly and directly. the promise this incredible medium appears have been met thanks services like google, youtube, facebook, twitter, linkedin, and amazon, the market leaders who dominate each their respective categories. there's denying that these services provide incredible value the world, but the fact that many our online activities are monopolized few companies alarming. the internet was created distributed and decentralized platform that could all build upon, but what we've ended with series walled gardens that extract huge revenues and profits from the users who participate their increasingly-closed ecosystems, with very little ability influence the direction the platform, and with little transparency. while most these services originated 'closed' systems which users have consciously chosen participate, and with real expectation neutrality impartiality, one internet giant stands out for its academic roots and brand built upon being arbiter objective truth. that entity, course, google. the quirky stanford project sought organize the world's information, making 'universally accessible and useful', and captivated the world's attention and our searches being better than other search engines the time. and, with its 'do evil' mantra, google built unprecedented degree trust with users. their simple interfaces, lightning-fast response times and utter reliability, combined with what appear amazingly accurate results, have led google obtaining more than global desktop searches and mobile searches more than billion queries per day and generating almost billion annual revenue. but what google's success comes hidden cost humanity, one that continues increase with each passing year? and what google isn't impartial everyone believes? before explore google's practices through critical lens and propose solutions, let's first review the role search engines the internet. https://www.netmarketshare.com/search-engine-market-share.aspx?qprid=&qpcustomd= https://www.netmarketshare.com/search-engine-market-share.aspx?qprid=&qpcustomd= http://searchengineland.com/google-now-handles---trillion-searches-per-year- https://www.statista.com/statistics//googles-annual-global-revenue/ copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved background search the gateway there are primary ways that people access online information: direct generally typing url using browser address bar historically for known information and brands primary channel value quick access referral generally clicking link via another channel social media, website, email, etc. for unknown information and brands primary channel value discovery accessing information you don't know about, and didn't know you wanted search entering query into search engine and choosing result done via search engine website and via browser search fields for known needs, unknown information and unknown brands primary channel value solving pain point and accessing the best result quickly direct traffic known information and brands involves high degree user trust, but because the content known, this channel acts least gateway. referral links content through various channels are meaningful and plentiful, and due the breadth those channels, even the age facebook, there single gateway. blogs, twitter, instagram, youtube and other channels provide many ways discover unknown content and brands. users not have any expectation impartiality relevance, and assume responsibility for their content access, thus trust low. low trust and unknown content reduce the potential for gateway. because search engines help people answer specific needs moment time, they are directional nature, pointing people the direction the resources that can help them answer question solve need. users expect impartiality, relevance and quality. trust high due these expectations, and when coupled with unknown information, the potential for gateway high and standards transparency should therefore also high. interesting note that due the meshing the search and url address bars browsers, the direct channel being disintermediated search, increasing the power the gateway even further. copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved background search engines the gatekeepers the internet the information superhighway, search engines are the on-ramps. while there are number alternative search engines; yahoo bing and baidu being the largest, and number smaller engines such duckduckgo, yacy (peer peer), gigablast, and others; there little usage and innovation (except maybe ddg), and google dominates search. currently for more than all trips onto this highway, everyone squeezing through single ramp. this extreme degree centralization has had two main negative effects: the 'stops' along the highway: content producers, webmasters, marketers, and businesses, organizations, etc., are all extremely crowded alongside that ramp, fighting seen, paying more than billion per year for scraps attention. those who control the single on-ramp are position extreme power and privilege the directors traffic, and have the ability increasingly lock their position, ensuring their ultimate long-term dominance. having one company this position extreme power particularly troublesome because enables them operate very opaque, top-down, almost-oligarchical manner. with great power comes great responsibility; responsible gatekeeper would recognize the need continually more accountable, open and provably fair. unfortunately, google appears abdicating their responsibility the primary gatekeeper the internet becoming increasingly secretive and taking few steps become more transparent, despite having more than years the dominant search engine and billions dollars capital. they default 'just trust us' messaging place processes, information and communication and hide behind their algorithms, justifying their secrecy blaming hackers and spammers who would take advantage any information they share. while there some truth this, and recognize that google different position than many businesses, they also have vested interest not developing better processes prevent gaming the system, and their automated algorithms are actually supplemented human reviewers, which negates many the claims that they are hampered technology and must remain secretive protect the quality their results. http://www.businessinsider.com/google-culture-secrecy-employee-lawsuit-spying-program-novel-- https://www.wired.com///google-talks-out-its-portal/ techdirt.com/articles///googles-quiet-confusing-privacy-policy-change-is-why-weneed-more-transparency-control copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved background current search engine technology there are number key components involved generating results relevant google's. this simplified overview those services: web crawler automated program that scans through web pages and documents all over the internet. looks for links other pages and recursively travels these links, finding more and more pages scan and storing them index. more detailed explanation can found here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/web_crawler index the index where the results web crawl are stored. the information retrieved broken into various components and categorized make faster and easier for the search engine store, access and determine the relevance the data being stored. more detailed explanation can found here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/search_engine_indexing algorithm algorithm set rules process that enables search engine match the user's query information stored the index. more detailed explanation google's algorithm can found here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pagerank personalization google and other search engines look your search history, the type device you're using, your location, well other factors make their search results more relevant you personally. more detailed explanation can found here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/personalized_search all these elements are combined together form the search engine results page (serp), and how this page constructed more less unknown anyone but the very few google search engineers who work the project, and those who provide them with their mandate. addition the organic search results that are the most trusted within the google ecosystem, the company has begun wrapping these results various forms ads, reviews, maps, images, videos, and snippets that take content directly from the top search result and place right google's page. you may have also used google's calculation, conversion, and translation tools, which enable you receive the answers you need without visiting third-party site all. google becoming answer engine, which vastly different than the founding the platform. answer engine, there increasingly only the need for single, definitive answer. approaches that horizon, important think about the implications having one go-to source for truth the internet; especially light recent efforts censor content under the guise 'fake news' and the thought increasing monopoly position and how much trust being put one entity. copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved background search engine transparency despite having years become more transparent and having almost unlimited resources invest, search engines have become increasingly secretive. they offer murky dispute resolution process, almost impossible contact anyone directly and obtain answers, their ranking factors are virtually unknown, and ever-changing. often times massive algorithm updates that impact millions sites are released unannounced, and are even denied obfuscated. this leaves webmasters constantly high alert, waiting for the next shoe drop. left the search engine optimization community try make sense things, almost always after the fact. here's example post discussing recent google update: http://searchengineland.com/new-unconfirmed-google-fred-update-shakes-seoworld- and here's timeline all the tracked google algorithm updates: https://moz.com/google-algorithm-change while this may seem like search engine 'staying ahead the game', that game actually the livelihoods millions people. because search such powerful way for consumers connect with businesses, many now live the sword and die the sword. the lack transparency leaves people guessing and feeling uncertain about how effectively use the internet cornerstone their client strategies. role the community despite the massive impact that search engines have the lives all from business owners students politicians recreational searchers it's remarkable how small role the community plays the world google and other search engines. there's forum for webmasters https://productforums.google.com/forum/#!forum/ webmasters but there are guarantees that anyone related google will reply, and the vast majority cases, they don't. there are third-party search engine optimization groups like http://community. seobook.com/ and https://moz.com/community but again, official recognition participation from google other search engines. google does host number events, including https://events.google.com/io/ and has the google developer program, but these are more announcement-like nature than actually participatory. similarly, there are some top-down info resources available https://www.google. com/policies/ but far actual community voices outside google having voice inside, there isn't much. copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved decentralization from wikipedia: "decentralization the process redistributing dispersing functions, powers, people things away from central location authority." the new yorker reports that although the internet was originally decentralized, recent years has become less so: staggering percentage communications flow through small set corporations and thus, under the profound influence those companies and other institutions [...] one solution, espoused some programmers, make the internet more like used less centralized and more distributed." the context this white paper, are specifically referring the application blockchain and other distributed technologies that utilize node and peer-based networks that operate collectively provide service that both resilient and, ideally, trustless. there are widely-varying degrees decentralization within the technology space, with blockchain technologies such ethereum and bitcoin being completely decentralized with single point failure ability compromise the network. these truly decentralized services run different protocols than the regular internet, which why some refer ethereum particular 'web .'. these services require special software, such wallets smart contracts, participate transactions. more content moves blockchain-based networks there significant opportunity become the primary blockchain search engine, position that presearch able obtain due the project's genesis within the decentralization community. not underestimate the size this opportunity and will make high priority presearch could enjoy first-mover advantage. that said, within the context search engine, decentralization likely best viewed stepped approach, minimizing the current centralization search activity through single provider, and expanding the range choice while simultaneously incorporating innovative distributed technologies into the platform and opening the governance the community users members. due the currently closed nature search, simply introducing transparency, open source technology, community participation and consensus, along with the tokenization and distribution value created would huge step forward. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/decentralization http://www.newyorker.com/tech/elements/the-mission-to-decentralize-the-internet https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blockchain https://keepingstock.net/explaining-blockchain-how-proof-of-work-enables-trustless-consensus-abedf copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved organization presearch multi-phase project: phase one operation company phase two operation non-profit foundation ultimately the community needs control the presearch platform, the community should have voice the actual legal structure the project. such, temporary corporation has been created get started, and presearch will then transition over community-owned and controlled foundation. therefore, are laying out below the current organizational structure the company and potential path for the community consider for the final structure. phase one: the legal entity canadian corporation, presearch.org global limited., which was incorporated july th, there single shareholder for easy voting and transition phase two. anticipate that this structure will persist for estimated months until that transition. will undertake all measures possible ensure clean and timely transition phase two, including the following guiding principles: accumulation significant debt long-term ongoing liabilities single shareholder ensure total responsibility for project assignment any entity other than presearch this company will undertake the early-adopter token sale and operate from that revenue. phase two: establishment the community charter, directors and governance consensus model. establishment permanent foundation country and region with the utmost respect for privacy and data integrity, with favorable tax and regulatory environment, and stable and freedom-respecting political climate. transition all and assets the foundation. this foundation will then undertake the general public token sale and operate from the revenue generated the sale sponsorships. phase one copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved phase two the vision the world deserves awesome, open and community-powered search engine let's build it! product strategy presearch highly-ambitious project. google one the best companies the world, and the internet. improving their results, experience, and integrations will small feat many even say it's impossible. however, believe that collectively the community can creatively and elegantly fulfill its own search needs from the ground and create amazing and open search engine that aligned with the interests humanity, not just one company. the strategy with presearch boot the project and establish the core principles consensus that will enable the community build search engine that will serve the world for decades come. during boot up, the core presearch team seeks give the project the momentum needs get the point where active and engaged community exists. will launch early and iterate rapidly based community feedback. are optimistic and believe that execute the presearch vision and strategy, will provide the world with next generation search engine that driven and controlled the community, and which will provide blockchainbased, decentralized and open source alternative the closed, corporate search engines that exist today. believe the best way realize this vision utilize dual-track strategy, with decentralized search engine being the long-term goal, and with semi-decentralized search tool that leverages existing search engines the short-term. the core, are idealists see more community-oriented, free and open world ahead and are moving quickly possible that direction. the same time, are also pragmatic realists and recognize that sometimes taking step the right direction better than waiting try magically arrive destination. the destination the goal build community-powered search engine framework that enables constituents participate both the creation and success the platform. for instance, teams data scientists could contribute algorithms, subject matter experts could curate collections content, designers could create novel interfaces, and those running nodes could crawl and index the web. all would rewarded with tokens based the value their contributions. the architecture might look like this: copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved the vision presearch.org tokens paid nodes pre token tokens paid searchers sponsors and from presearch incentive pool. tokens purchased sponsors promote engines and run ads. presearch nodes user browser-based (extension app) and industrial-strength nodes running excess data center capacity. mirror controller directs users appropriate community mirror. enables the selection default mirror node. automatic and manual overrides. crawler nodes crawl web, browser based crawler crawls users surf. community mirror community's implementation the presearch platform. web index distributed web hosting ipfs, substratum similar. are evaluating our options. multi-search enables users preserve default search engine while providing better access alternate engines. inverted index with data obtained crawler nodes and stored via ipfs. presearch results results served from presearch's own index (or resource list for v.) sponsored results keyword ads, site sponsorships, etc. that link sponsor media websites. external sites google, bing, amazon, etc., link out directly their results. query director node determines type query and sends the appropriate handler. query handler node combines the appropriate packages, data collections, algorithms uis. pkgs, data, algos uis distributed data stores inverted indexes and data served via ipfs filecoin, dht copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved the vision this model will enable tens thousands smart people participate the creation open search engine that built explicitly serve the needs the community. the cost run full index the web prohibitively large. the index decentralized, however, and distributed way that utilizes the computing resources shared potentially millions people (in exchange for pre tokens), this cost can mitigated significantly. distributed data stores such ipfs and orbitdb will provide access the inverted indexes that will serve the core the presearch decentralized search results. are exploring model that will enable members running presearch browser extension (and potentially standalone browser) act web crawling and indexing nodes that would build the presearch index they surf the web. this would enable presearch get around one the most difficult crawling challenges; getting blocked webmasters. members running nodes will earn pre tokens exchange for utilizing their computers and internet connections for presearch. supplement these consumer-hardware based nodes, presearch will also develop more 'industrial-strength' node that would run standalone app those with excess data center capacity tackle more intensive computations, again exchange for pre tokens. when users enter term into the presearch search box, their query will sent query director that will use natural language processing determine the content and intent the query and match against series query handlers that will retrieve the most relevant results and match them with the most appropriate user interface for display the end user. envision active personalization layer where user could input their preferences reflect their lifestyle choices and beliefs. for example, user could specify that they prefer see local businesses results instead big box stores, whether results need kid-friendly, that recipes and restaurant listings should vegan paleo-friendly. the storage this information will need completely the user's control, encrypted and accessible via private key. turn this index data into relevant results that could match exceed those provided google, presearch will enable teams data scientists plug algorithms into its relevance engine, with those algorithms that test well being rewarded with more traffic and therefore more pre tokens. presearch envisions system whereby subject matter experts could curate collections content that their domain knowledge indicates are most relevant the query. this could the form featured snippet, onebox query refinement result, specific subset the index further accentuate the relevance inferred the algorithm. curators will able monetize this knowledge and effort via pre tokens. addition earning based organic traffic driven their collection the query director, anticipate enabling these participants actively market their collections. fact, envision model where would possible create entire curated versions presearch, with default resources and options configured appeal specific community, for which member could promote and earn tokens, based the usage their version. copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved the vision are exploring number different models for how this could work, including domain-based mirror model that would enable alternate implementations the platform tied together via common token and harmonized mirror controller. this way, the presearch platform can provide communities with significant autonomy over search results, identity and operations while still allowing them participate within larger token economy that would provide access network traffic and revenue from advertisers. members will able select which mirror they wish support, providing them with louder voice than presearch remained with single implementation. this mirror model also provides sponsors with the granular ability specify which communities within the network they would like reach ignore. reach the scale development needed realize the potential the opportunity, presearch will need inspire significant decentralized community developers work the project. will need effectively communicate the vision and invite developers join changing the world. with the proper structure and compensation for work performed, believe can expand and attract the talent necessary build the team needed develop the platform. are developing hackathon program with significant prizes awarded the winning teams way jumpstart the development community. this model both ambitious and novel, with many moving parts. believe that while may take time implement, the benefits all humanity not having single company control the vast majority user traffic worth the work involved its development. the meantime, we've developed beta product that delivers significant value acting layer top existing search engines such google, amazon, facebook, and others. the success this product will pave the way for the introduction the fully-decentralized presearch platform. the stepping stone mentioned above, the next generation search engine that presearch building will take some time arrive the marketplace. rather than wait months years deliver working product, the beta version presearch ready for release and based product that the founder first developed this product has proven highly valuable and will enable presearch drive very thin wedge between users and their existing search behavior, making easy convince people switch away from competitors and minimize the token incentives required motivate new users. its core, the beta version presearch provides users with easy way search the different online resources they use regular basis, ranging from search sites such google and amazon cryptocurrency resources such etherscan and blockchain.info internal services such crm platforms and intranets. copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved the vision start, the presearch results page organized collection links out third-party sites that are grouped category. presearch will develop query classifier that will determine which collections are surfaced the top the results. with many high-quality resources available, and way easily surface the options the current search paradigm, the presearch beta hybrid search and discovery engine that represents new paradigm search. copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved the vision you can probably imagine, there are significant number resources within each collection ex. the shopping collection could easily contain dozens large multi-hundred million dollar retailers, but there limited room for resources listed. this exclusivity will result demand for presearch engine sponsorships that will enable site get featured within the presearch results. other sponsorship units include homepage sponsorships, where sponsor's logo featured below the search field the home page, and keyword sponsorships, where sponsor bids keyword and their advertising displayed the first result the search field autosuggest drop down menu. homepage sponsorships will priced cpm (cost per impressions) basis. estimated pricing will somewhere around pre tokens per impressions start. this unit will the first deployed the simplest and least susceptible fraud. keyword sponsorships will priced cpc (cost per click) basis. pricing will set flat rate pre tokens per click start, and will then determined per-term basis via auction mechanism. the revenue from this will split between the member clicking the and presearch. such, there significant potential for fraudulent clicks, and presearch will work diligently with sponsors and the community beta testers deliver solution that protects sponsors while ensuring that members are adequately rewarded. this unit works well with the presearch beta model most users will directed third-party websites, and presearch will not have results pages display ads on, which where most search engines capture value and generate revenue. turning the autosuggest results into sponsorship opportunity, the presearch beta enables pre-monetization member searches. with the value capture mechanism established, the primary goal with the presearch beta get many people searching possible. this, presearch will incentivize members run their searches through the platform issuing pre tokens when they search through the platform. there are number fraud-prevention mechanisms place the outset, including rate limiting, daily query caps and pattern-recognition measures detect unnatural search behavior. additionally, presearch considering several trust-based mechanisms minimize the impact fraudulent accounts. this includes the use invite-only closed beta trial, whereby new members can only join presearch they are referred trusted member the community. presearch considering number proof-of-stake-type models that would enable those with more significant pre holdings able invite more members and/or have blockchain-style confirmation system place that would require new users confirmed more than one member the network, with more confirmations required the further their inviter from the core trust. pre tokens are available for purchase from presearch via its crowd sales and sponsors will also able purchase tokens directly from other members who have accumulated tokens through the search reward program from those with excess inventory purchased directly from presearch. this beta version already complete and undergoing final testing ahead deployment, its development follows different path than the final version that truly open and decentralized. this version, the code will ultimately open sourced soon it's safe so, information will made available how the various mechanisms work, and blockchain technology will power the token platform. decentralization will more via the method the interface design with multiple search providers than true technologically decentralized version. copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved the vision transparent, accessible, open and decentralized these are powerful and compelling words. but what they actually mean within the scope this project? transparent will make public the web complete details how and why presearch operates the way does. this will include ranking factors, usage stats, roadmaps, and financial results. will provide proper dispute resolution process ensure that any edge case scenarios are handled timely and diligent manner. will open standardized partnership program that all partners, big and small have voice and place within the presearch ecosystem, with deal terms made public. accessible there will always the ability directly contact official representative presearch via phone, live chat, email, online forum and receive personal reply within hours. will quickly expand support every language and every device possible. open ultimately, see huge opportunity for various specialist groups extend the presearch platform and build more focused versions the site. fully open source project, this will possible for anyone. this includes: open source licensing all code will licensed under gnu general public license public repository all code will available public github repo: https://github.com/presearchofficial decentralized full decentralization will take number release cycles. the plan progress from decentral-ish internetbased search tool fully-decentralized search engine over the next three years. copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved the vision roadmap phase one ship, test promote search tool proof concept establish presearch use ease and vision for decentralized, open search engine organization set structure, funding and core team, establish early model for community transition and begin outreach release search tool presearch interface, token integration, engine customization, reward platform, sponsor platform refine search tool security, kill bugs, prevent fraud, improve useability promote search tool begin actively building partnerships and spreading the word phase two community ownership establish consensus model engage the community determine how make transition, lock community constitution establish core roadmap team ensure that key initiatives are outlined and core dev team engaged phase three fully decentralized search engine establish dao convert presearch company decentralized autonomous orginizaton foundation engage community analyze needs and establish frameworks for search engine build build, release, review, refine repeat until beta release working beta release planned for this version limited basic customization, rewards, sponsorship, and token purchases. although the first draft the community constitution will available shortly after the beta release, true voting community matters and crowdfunding will not made available until from search tool search engine mentioned number times throughout this document, and conclusion the product section the white paper, wanted reiterate that this multi-stage project, and that building fully-decentralized search engine from scratch this time premature due rapidly-changing technology landscape that seeing new solutions come market almost daily. such, subscribe the belief that need take baby steps and start small with the search tool model. this incarnation the vision establishes openness and transparency search, while minimizing the need build our own index. over time, the community grows, distributed technology evolves, and more and more internet users become power internet users, can empower these trends with platform that constantly improving and iterating the hands, hearts and minds the community. this transition may take significant time, may surprisingly quick. this point, not want set the expectation that will quick, and for the purposes this white paper remain primarily focused the vision for decentralized search engine while leveraging the early model for the search tool described this document. copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved the vision the presearch ecosystem: consensus member improvements preferences votes search presearch control panel info wallets (pcp) cryptocurrency eth, btc, pre query query suggested sponsors platform invoice pymt sponsors requests payments banks fiat credits internal exchange dev projects info donations community votes pymt voting and crowdfunding earnings search suggestions community constitution donations from community choice reward logic service fees internet the presearch ecosystem will governed under consensus the community constitution. the beta product will serve proof concept and minimum viable product for the actual service, which will provide time for experimental technologies become proven, best practices developed and new abstracted models that will fully-decentralized via the blockchain. copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved the vision presearch search tool activated your history query machine learning suggestion index search suggestions sponsor platform sponsored suggestion chosen sponsored choice logged sponsor database human curation engine suggestions preferences sponsored engine chosen yes rewards yes internet internet search suggestions suggested engines sponsored suggestions key challenges members who not opt out autosuggestions will receive suggested search terms they type, predictive manner, populated custom index. presearch allows members choose which search engine they use. default, google selected but other types engines are available. revenue from keyword sponsorships and sponsored engines split between member doing the search and presearch fund site operations. building the initial autosuggestion index will require significant usage truly valuable, and other apis are not available. sponsors will able pay have "brought you by" sponsorship displayed the top the search suggestions you click you may rewarded. members who not opt out will have other engines suggested based their preferences sponsored engine searched, you may rewarded. initial revenue share: member presearch service fee details rewards diagram. additionally, creating autosuggestion mechanism that fast enough predict user intent, and introduce sponsored results will challenging. the search tool the heart the member user experience. this where you will search the web, choose your engines/ collections, and see suggestions. the development roadmap calls for browser extensions, and mobile browser, however, those products are not the core focus this white paper and thus are not included. the vision presearch exchange presearch control panel wallet info wire info (pcp) banks wallets cryptocurrency eth, btc, pre suggested sponsors platform credits internal exchange invoice pres fiat pymt credits pymt credits voting and donations exchange rates exchange policies funding methods pres credits credits pres for credit pre exchanges pre, eth, btc fiat wire transfer fiat pres market rate eth pres market rate pres eth market rate btc pres market rate pres btc market rate minimums**: credits pres transaction types subject exchange policies fiat purchasers subject kyc fund account withdraw wallet buy sponsorships vote donate internal wallet pre revenue sales pres vs. credits all presearch members automatically receive online wallet capable holdingpres. presearch earns each pre paid through the sponsor platform and exchange. eventually, presearch will likely run its own blockchain and all credits and pres will one and the same. these pres can sold fiat purchasers the pre market rate. the interim, while presearch based ethereum, the cost gas and transaction times are prohibitive and non-blockchain credit system will used. all withdrawals require -factor authentication. services provided authy. covers gas small transactions insufficient pres are unavailable via internal operations, market buy and sell pres may made secure inventory for fiat purchasers. credits and pres exist one-to-one basis. credits cannot created, only purchased and earned. the internal exchange handles all transfers value within the presearch ecosystem. due gas costs ethereum transactions ($. per), impractical use pres for every transaction. therefore use credits track internal transactions and enable exchange and from pres. credits and tokens exist one-to-one basis, and credits must backed reserve pres, ensuring exclusivity and limited supply. copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved the vision presearch rewards member clicks sponsored result positive suggestion logged member searches sponsored engine fraud abuse rewards one the largest challenges with the presearch model the potential for fraud and abuse the reward program. all clicks searches get paid search fraud detection system the presearch rewards program flips the traditional search advertising model its head: verified clicks searches where normally only google gets paid when you click advertisement, with presearch you'll earn the majority the amount paid the sponsor credit that can converted pres. reward sharing rewards purchase sponsorships rewards presearch operations for sale fiat sponsors rewards nodes, curators data scientists, participants, promoters searcher bounties and other bonuses using the latest machine learning, challenge-response security, blockchain identity tools and max compensation thresholds, the potential for abuse minimized. member credits exchange for pres crowdfund projects promotion rewards for spreading the word donations from crowdfunders the reward system designed drive usage the platform and provide members with more incentive help spread the word about presearch, well transfer value members for willingly choosing sponsored suggestions when they search. pres will issued members for the following actions: searching via presearch (rate will depend engine chosen) clicking sponsored results the search field autosuggestions and viewing sponsored content. promoting presearch that results new member sign ups and usage donations from other members for participating dev projects bounties and other bonuses from specific campaigns outlined future reward types may added later date copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved the vision suggested sponsors program suggested sponsor platform sponsor chooses keywords query internal exchange invoice pres sponsor bids payment credits campaign payment and reporting sponsor matches reward issued search suggestions member chooses suggestion yes positive suggestion logged internet transparency types sponsorships sponsorship rewards payment terms keyword volume provided competing bids provided clickthrough rate provided. keyword sponsorships sponsor pays when member clicks autosuggest sponsored link. tokens earned from keyword sponsorships and sponsored engines split between member doing the search and presearch fund site operations. bidding and invoicing pres payment credits, account pre-funded and credits deducted. multi-currency sponsor matches sponsors are matched based keyword, bid and relevance score members can rate results via browser extension. site sponsorships sponsor pays when logo shown site footer currently for all users. sponsored engines sponsor pays when engine searched chosen. copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved initial revenue share: members participants presearch service fee details rewards diagram. fraud prevention machine learning tiered rewards verification systems the vision presearch community community consensus model the final consensus model will need developed with the input the community, and the interim model under development. voting consensus crowdfunding project proposal proposal proposal implement amendment community constitution the initial community constitution can found online at: www.wethecommunity.com community constitution project funding feedback development consensus implementation yes constitution yes improvement presearch the community the heart the presearch ecosystem. order transparent, open and innovative, need attract smart people who can jump and run with the concept and evolve ways that single company team never could. believe the wisdom the community solve its own problems, determine what's fair, and create systems and processes that support its ideals and goals. for this reason, the consensus model and constitution are absolutely the foundation upon which the entire project created. get these models right, many the other components the platform will fall into place the community iterates and finds balance and equilibrium. while like pretend that have all the answers, know that fact the community who do, and therefore the consensus model and constitution must involve community members and cannot organized top-down manner. copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved the vision community constitution the community constitution concept that have been thinking for many years local level with shopcity.com. because each local community unique, and its values and ideals different, believe that there can onesize-fits-all approach, and that each community must have the right create its own constitution with the ground rules for participation. this instance, the community extremely broad anyone the planet can part the presearch community, and because this service one those fundamental, utility-like services that must fair, balanced, open and transparent possible, the constitution, like that the united states america, must broad scope and should focus the inalienable rights members, instead specific rules regulations. this document will work progress, and the time writing only loosely defined. researching this project, studied the last new search engine extensively and found that blekko's 'web search bill rights' was particularly inspiring and well-done. reproduced below for your information: search shall open search results shall involve people ranking data shall not kept secret web data shall readily available there one-size-fits-all for search advanced search shall accessible search engine tools shall open all search and community hand-in-hand spam does not belong search results privacy searchers shall not violated would appreciate your insights refine and improve the presearch community constitution. once have our 'northstar' guiding document against which can evaluate all decisions, feel that very important that this document posted prominently demonstrate our commitment it, and ensure that all participants are aware the foundational principles upon which presearch built. such, this document will receive prominent and permanent home the domain name 'wethecommunity.com', play the 'we the people' from the preamble the constitution. https://web.archive.org/web//http://help.blekko.com/index.php/what-is-blekko/ copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved the vision community consensus model the community consensus model will the key empowering presearch members and stakeholders build the platform, believe the model, and spread the word their networks. really the protective shield within which all other aspects are housed. because its critical role protecting the presearch vision, extremely important that get the consensus model right. key considerations include, but are not limited the following: maximizing engagement and participation minimizing centralization power providing framework for rapid progress and iteration ensuring that the long-term vision cannot easily corrupted creating mechanisms with which continuously evaluate change and course-correct when necessary ensuring that the wisdom the crowd does not become the tyranny the majority ensuring the interests all members are protected and accommodated the same time recognize that this small feat, simply from philosophical standpoint, let alone from practical and programmatic one. however, can figure out, the applications could vast. participation and rewards the number one underlying goal this project build community around the concept open, transparent and decentralized search results, where all stakeholders can dig into the platform confirm that fair, that providing the expected results, and that creating ecosystem which any person organization can participate and incorporate into their workflows and business models. while anticipate that the size and passion this community significant, intend incentivize participation all levels the early days ensure that critical mass reached, and that attract the top thinkers and doers the platform members. one way this, which other contexts quite powerful, gamification various systems: providing users with reward for completing action. intend gamify the core presearch systems and use the pre ethereum-based token both the measure and the reward for participation. these tokens can used run sponsored suggestions and other promotions, or, there's promotional need for given member, transferred another member who can use them for this purpose. the exact details how rewards are generated detailed the token model section. copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved the vision key challenges building search engine search hard. each facet building search engine crawling, indexing, relevance, personalization extremely difficult each its own. combined together and it's challenging that significant new search engines have been built since duckduckgo and blekko launched and both projects minimized their requirements utilizing the bing api for the majority their results and monetization. microsoft has spent billions building bing's capabilities. the long tail search particular crushing its scope. the term 'long tail' refers highly-specific, but very infrequent queries (ex. "air conditioning control module for fleetwood revolution rv") versus generic, but frequent searches (ex. "new york restaurants"). answering these types queries very hard, and yet they account for perhaps the majority searches run each day. addition long tail searches being very difficult answer well, time-sensitive, news-type queries are very challenging for another reason. due the demand from searchers for up-to-the-minute results for example, searches for quote from live presidential speech, for news related major event search engine must basically hold copy all the potential sources for such information near real-time cache. the storage requirements for this type result are massive. crawling, which the process having automated program scour the web for new content index, fraught with challenges due sites blocking the crawlers for search engines other than google and possibly bing. they this because many second and third rate search crawlers cause problems for webmasters crawler not done properly, can consume all web server's resources, making website inaccessible visitors and incurring additional expenses for bandwidth and maintenance. and then there's personalization, something that google users have come expect. personalization requires providing customized relevance algorithm for each individual user opposed non-personalized search engine, where you can create algorithm handle series queries based various factors that are standardized across the set. the presearch team has recruited search experts rich skrenta and trey grainger its advisory team assist with understanding and planning for these challenges. rich the former founder and ceo the blekko search engine that raised $mm venture capital, and which was ultimately acquired ibm contribute its ibm watson answer engine project. trey the author the book solr, the open source search platform, and also serves the svp engineering search company that powers the results for many fortune companies. together, these advisors and their networks colleagues and peers have helped presearch refine our product strategy and begin building out our engineering team, while the same time, validating some the key assumptions that the project was founded on. continue believe that the key differentiator with this project our community-first focus. being more connected with our members and ensuring that remain focused serving the needs the community, will create products and services that are more aligned with their lives. this requires not just looking surface-level needs the result a/b testing, but going beyond ensure that are thinking holistically about the some the tough questions around disruption, participation, privacy, equity, transparency, and looking the net results decisions and not just the inputs and outputs isolated facets, but the overall impact the platform. copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved the vision this long-term project with the potential make significant difference the world, and must ensure that bring fruition the right way realize its potential for positive change. that said, also realize that when push comes shove, many choose convenience over ideals every day. for instance, there are many people every day who feel that google's growing market power and ability track our every move revolting, and yet they continue use google services because they work well. even this white paper was drafted google docs for instance. there balance idealism and pragmatism that must reached order for presearch achieve significant usage, even within the community those who identify with its vision and ideals. studying past and current search engines, and working with rich and trey, has become very clear that outcompeting google for search result quality the short-term losing proposition. some people use duckduckgo because they feel aligns better with their ideals, but reality, only small number those who feel that google 'too big' use ddg. therefore, while the vision for presearch will continue focused future that more decentralized and less reliant internet giants like google and amazon, serve the immediate search needs significant demographic people and ensure that they become repeat users, the user experience must compelling, and the switching costs must minimal and the value maximal. the most assured way creating value that we've been able identify the short-term providing alternative way access the resources that the majority internet users utilize regular basis. this includes google, amazon, facebook, youtube, twitter, linkedin, and wikipedia. believe that being pragmatic and accepting that these platforms are where the majority time and money spent, and therefore providing easy access that market will enable kickstart the project and drive significant adoption that can ultimately harnessed for the benefit the small guys independent entrepreneurs, content creators, curators, publishers and marketers. therefore, first, this demographic will forced rely google within the presearch environment due the lack great independent search engine that will able accommodate the long tail search that includes many these participants. pains the presearch team not start with fully-decentralized platform that focuses supporting the little guys that are most aligned with, but having spent more than years fighting many these companies for market share through shopcity.com, are all too aware the scope the challenge and feel that it's better leverage the internet goliaths initially than try beat them head-on. this strategy puts significant pressure the team finish the full presearch engine, this where much the authentic content will surfaced and where our hearts are really focused. http://www.mercurynews.com////local-business-site-challenges-google-ranking/ copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved the vision distributed computing the data storage and processing requirements compete with google are difficult comprehend. tens billions has been spent infrastructure data centers all over the world, massive teams manage and optimize everything. it's difficult fathom just how much work, innovation and capital has been deployed build the overall network capacity. however, much this infrastructure not actually used search, supports ancillary products like youtube, gmail, and google docs. while the requirements search alone are much less than the overall needs the google/alphabet organization, they are still massive. fortunately, distributed computing, where users members contribute computing resources that run the platform and connect decentralized network model, great option that's rapidly becoming viable way costeffectively scale full web index. there are some key technologies such the ipfs distributed file storage platform, distributed hash tables and distributed databases, well emerging blockchains that appear promising. while some these technologies are becoming well-proven within specific niche use case, combining these technologies together scale, and application where latency deal-breaker will require lot experimentation and testing. additionally, because the space evolving rapidly right now, one the largest risks the project that the team begins development using architecture/platform that loses out another upcoming technology, creating legacy issues and making harder attract the best developers and progress the project quickly towards its full potential. therefore, will take sufficient time research and test the latest technologies, develop proofs concept, and utilize architectures that enable various technologies swapped out better alternatives appear the market. abuse prevention one the most significant challenges with any online application the prevention abuse. simply stopping bots from spamming web form can real task and require major effort deter. when you're search engine and nefarious individuals stand gain gaming the system and capturing more traffic than they would naturally, the problem becomes orders magnitude greater. tieing reward incentive mechanism key functionality introduces whole other dimension, and makes abuse and fraud the biggest technical challenge overcome. fortunately, there are many best practices that have been developed, and which can adopt; from simple challenge-response security systems, tiered rewards that decrease the incentive attempt game the system providing diminishing returns, fraud detection algorithms that quickly catch scammers before they can cause real harm. security often comes the cost usability, and will smart about balancing these factors. with all aspects the project, but especially the technical side, know there are some very talented developers within the decentralization community, and will turn them for input how best combat the more difficult challenges posed fraud and abuse. copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved go-to market strategy milestones phase one establish the organizational roadmap and early infrastructure release the search tool product complete the initial token sale distribute tokens exchangeability community engagement product refinement promotion and marketing continue researching potential methods for creating fully-decentralized search engine phase two establish consensus model establish core roadmap team establish dao and transition over phase three engage community begin building fully-decentralized search engine continue engaging the community copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved token model core properties name: presearch tokens (pres) standard: ethereum erc max supply: ,,, pre-mined; time first token sale unlock date: november th, est use cases the presearch pre token the key medium exchange within the presearch ecosystem and used for the following purposes: reward members for usage, contribution to, and promotion the platform purchase sponsorships and promotional placements reward partners who have provided traffic and visibility presearch have input community matters fund development projects undertaken the community rewards incentives members will rewarded with tokens for using the presearch system. base levels reward will provided for searching using presearch, with increased rewards provided sponsored engines that will able pay more for usage. sponsored suggestions will matched keywords, and members will rewarded for clicking sponsor links and giving the sponsor shot solving the members' needs. members can also reward other members, specifically those who participate the development projects that are listed. members will also incentivized share the platform with their network, and will able earn rewards for new sign-ups. these rewards will tracked credits that can converted pres. addition rewards for using the platform, pre tokens will provided the data scientists who develop popular presearch algorithms, information curators, interface designers and those who run nodes for crawling and indexing the web. copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved token model sponsorship platform the sponsorship platform within presearch will enable businesses and organizations connect with potential customers via sponsored suggestions. these promotional vehicles will made available for purchase auction-based model using credits denoted pres. pres will awarded whenever sponsored suggestion seen, and additional award will collected when sponsored suggestion clicked. these awards will split between presearch and the actual member who saw interacted with the promotion. addition keyword-targeted suggestions, engines will able denote the number pres they are willing award members who choose run searches using their platforms, and selected, members will accumulate pres when they search using those sponsored engines. referrals partners members who choose spread the word about presearch will receive pres for their efforts. will award pres for referred member sign-ups, inbound traffic, social sharing and other promotions that drive people presearch. one the most exciting uses pres enable presearch build network partners who can leverage their own traffic generate awareness and searches through the platform. for instance, newspaper that has thousands visitors will able add presearch field their website that people can search directly from the partner property. they will then rewarded pres for searches conducted. community voting dev project funding pre-holders will able use their tokens provide input the direction the project and help shape the community constitution. they will also able organize and contribute crowdfunded campaigns for development projects and other topics interest the community. token sales all presearch token holders will able transfer their pres any ethereum-compatible wallet that recognizes erc tokens, token holders will able actively sell their pres any business individual interested sponsoring presearch results. holders can sell pres potential sponsors whatever price the seller able obtain for their token inventory. any person company with product sell potential customer for pres particular, local businesses, advertising and marketing firms, large brands. presearch developing training program and supporting sales collateral help sellers obtain top dollar for their pres, and will also link sellers best practices for proper invoicing, taxes and reporting for their pre sales assist them with their pre inventory sales. ultimately, the seller ensure they remain compliant with all local regulations, but presearch would like help sellers stay the right side the law. presearch views this opportunity very similar the multi-billion google adwords industry, and plans create certification program and directory certified partners. copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved token model allocation tokens pre-sale: early adopter sale: public sale: rewards: team: the early adopter sale broken into different lots, each with different number tokens and price point. the final lot token sale will open november th, and run until november th, which time tokens will unlocked and able transferred third-party wallets for safekeeping. pre-sale early-adopter sale public sale rewards founding team upon completion the pre-sale and early adopter sales, there will million tokens minted and put into circulation. this number will increase incrementally over time tokens from the rewards pool are minted and distributed presearch users according the rewards platform, and team tokens are released over -year period. public sale tokens will not minted until the transition the community ownership stage the presearch model, which anticipated take place copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved team colin pape project lead colin serial entrepreneur who founded the community commerce network, shopcity. com. colin found himself mired battle with google and realized that the world desperately needs transparent and open search engine. rob calvert technical lead rob has more than years experience application development, network security and project management. prior joining shopcity.com, rob worked c-level position for big three accounting firm the caribbean. nolan dubeau product development lead nolan's career web dev saw him work with cryptocard, mercedes-benz and jds uniphase, leading positions creative director, interactive radio and engineering guardly, vc-backed tech company. david keefe lead frontend developer david joined the shopcity.com team part the content department and has worked his way become senior developer. david largely responsible for frontend development and customer-facing product improvements. corey piitz senior fullstack engineer corey has been programming for more than years, working vertical marketplace labx.com, instructing college-level programming courses and serving lead fullstack engineer for shopcity.com. jim terry blockchain researcher prentice chang blockchain researcher thomas leclair marketing copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved shannon ewing community relations megan wojtowych graphic designer team presearch labs presearch contemplating ways develop the experimental distributed and decentralized technology that will power the second version the platform. because the vision for the project that will community-based and not centralized, building out centralized company the way that google, duckduckgo and other search engines operate really not option. are exploring model similar projects like ethereum and bitcoin, where there small team core developers and community members are actively engaged the development process. are spending time looking ways that developers can rewarded both pres and cash cryptocurrency for their contributions enable them work actively the project distributed team that paid for performance (versus time). additionally, are planning host decentralized hackathons that feature significant cash crypto prizes incentivize and reward participation. are discussions with team decentralization open source evangelists with experience promoting and operating hackathons undertake this critically important project and ensure that attract the talent necessary build game-changing open source technology solutions that will transform search forever. the initial core team consists two young hackers, david skrenta and bryce desbrisay, both from silicon valley but now attending school boulder, colorado. david and bryce have worked together various projects for number years, including founders and lead developers harvix search engine for students that the pair first began developing before they were even teenagers. are excited expand this group far and wide and are looking for developers and data scientists with experience blockchain, search, front end and back end, ui/ux, machine learning, ai, distributed storage and algorithms who would like part this important open source project. you are interested joining our team, participating organizing hackathons, otherwise helping presearch build open source, decentralized search engine, please send email code@presearch.io for invite join our slack channel. copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved advisors anthony iorio anthony serial entrepreneur, venture capitalist, community organizer, and thought leader the field digital currencies, blockchain and decentralized technologies. the founder and ceo decentral and jaxx and co-founder the ethereum project. previously served the chief digital officer the toronto stock exchange tmx group. rich skrenta rich was the founder and ceo blekko, internet search engine acquired ibm watson blekko raised capital from host silicon valley's most notable investors and venture capitalists. serial entrepreneur, rich also founded news aggregator topix and the open directory project dmoz.org). trey grainger trey the svp engineering lucidworks tech company powering search for many the world's top companies. trey has been involved open source search communities since through the apache lucene/solr project, which produces the most popular open source search technology the world. trey also co-authored solr action the leading book apache solr. addison cameron-huff addison leading canadian technology lawyer who specializes blockchain technology startup law. addison has worked for etheruem co-founders and well known speaker blockchain law events. has contributed various publications such bitcoin magazine. addison programmer and lawyer the founder number legaltech startups, including legal search engine, global-regulation.com. tim enneking tim the managing director for the industry-leading crypto asset fund. mr. enneking also has extensive m&a experience, having completed more than transactions with aggregate transaction value over us$ billion. speaks near-native french and russian, well german. has five university degrees, all international business and law. copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved conclusion there clear and present need for open, decentralized search engine. the world cannot continue rely one company for the vast majority its searches, especially when that company has many other vested interests that may conflict with providing objective answers. the current degree information centralization both unprecedented and dangerous, from both resilience and monopoly-of-power standpoint. never before history has one company had much control over the flow the world's information. raising flag dedicated future which search open, and laying out the vision for transparent and decentralized alternative the current search hegemony, presearch will attract the world's best thinkers, community advocates and coders help build the search engine for web presearch will dedicate lot time, energy, and resources getting the community consensus model right, providing members with framework for active participation the decision-making and coding their open search engine. the ethereum-based, exchangeable token model extremely powerful tool, and presearch will leverage its pre token reward and incentivize the community use, promote and contribute the platform, enabling members benefit using the system and rewarded for engaging with sponsors, rather than being product that monetized the search engine. the suggested sponsors platform will enable businesses, organizations and individuals reach savvy group freedom-minded web searchers with innovative promotion exactly the right time. auction-based system will enable sponsors bid placement using pres. presearch flipping the current search engine model its head. rather than user paying for decent search quality being overexposed ads, members will actually earn rewards for allowing themselves introduced sponsors, well for contributing the growth the platform. the early framework the first generation search tool picks momentum and the open search movement grows, the organization will transition dao that will serve custodians for presearch and ensure that future generations are not stuck with internet that has only one dominant search engine and such extreme centralization online power and control. assuming success with this project, and make mistake, won't easy and there will risks, will have lit another beacon freedom the internet, standing alongside and the shoulders other great, open organizations like ethereum and wikipedia. presearch needs awesome community freedom-loving searchers. will you join us? copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved changelog this white paper was initially released july th, this original version can found here: https://www.presearch.io/uploads/whitepaper_v.pdf version replaced the original november st, changes include: changes the table contents accommodate new sections the addition more detailed product info the addition new presearch.org diagram the addition the presearch labs section the addition our advisors the team section conversion the pst symbol pre throughout significant changes the presearch search tool diagram change the exchange diagram reflect the change minimums for withdrawals change the reward splits the reward diagram reflect the nodes, data scientists and curators who will also rewarded minor changes the other diagrams clarify flows minor tweaks throughout the addition this changelog copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved hope see you the journey! contact info presearch.org global limited king street midland, ontario canada info@presearch.io copyright (c) presearch.org global limited. all rights reserved