primalbase: distributed workspace for tech community amsterdam, may primal@primalbase.com www.primalbase.com abstract. building upon the well-established business model shared workspaces, the primalbase project transforms traditional office rental into new-generation community-based ecosystem where one can share, sell rent out high-quality office spaces using ethereum and waves-based digital tokens. primalbase tokens not only serve practical function, but also have actual inherent value based real physical product: this that makes primalbase stand out from other projects utilizing crypto tokens. the conception the project and its core elements are outlined this paper. introduction real estate one the most conservative areas the economy, while blockchain considered disruptive and novel technology. nevertheless, combining these seemingly incompatible elements has proved extremely fruitful salient example being wework. the foundation most co-working projects the concept creating shared infrastructure with global community. the advantages this business model over the management practices large corporations, with their rigid internal regulations and strict hierarchy, are quite apparent. this especially true for young technological start-ups, who are increasingly rejecting the traditional office set favour co-working environments. this format has gained much traction: according global coworking survey, the number new coworking projects has roughly doubled since and the number their residents estimated million (see also fig. fig. basic coworking spaces statistics, from global coworking survey the number successful co-working projects most notably wework, spaces and second home evidences the vitality and potential this business model. according [], believe that the use crypto-tokens will both benefit and enhance this model: was this notion that inspired the creation this project. through the use single-payment crypto-token membership, the primalbase project offers access all-inclusive shared workspaces located the world's leading tech hubs. it's scalable, fast set up, and flexible terms timing and the size the team. the rest the paper organized follows. the first section will outline the basic concept the project and summarize its core components. the second section devoted explaining the token system: their purpose, the pricing mechanism and the transfer ownership. the rules the initial coin offering (ico) campaign will also charted this section. the legal aspects and limitations associated with this project will discussed the final sections. appendix provides summary the stack blockchain technologies that will play key role the operation the project. the accompanying software architecture schematically described appendix concept the project will executed two main stages. the first stage the establishment five shared workspaces the following strategic locations: amsterdam, berlin, london, new york and singapore. strategic that, each regarded one the most beneficial cities for tech entrepreneurs. these spaces will square meters size. the locations future primalbase workspaces will decided the vote the primalbase token holders (see also paragraph .). system dividing the infrastructure into rentable offices (based classic, standard real estate relations) and non-rentable co-working spaces reserved only for primalbase community members (based crypto-economic relations), will ensure efficiency and profitability primalbase business model. non-members can obtain temporary membership and access co-working spaces through the renting tokens from primalbase community members. although ultimately, the underlying profit primalbase will made through the renting office space companies, project teams, startups, branch offices, etc. this will cover the operating expenses the property management company. the cryptocurrency token primalbase (pbt) built the waves platform and compatible with ethereum protocols (cf. appendix b). there proof-ofconcept and running amsterdam, which already receiving endorsements from prominent international tech entrepreneurs who have become members primalbase's growing community. accordance with the business model outlined above, the amsterdam unit provides shared workspaces the current members the primalbase community. develop and run more primalbase units need collect funds that will cover start-up costs, the operating expenses the property management company, well capital expenditures (building the offices with shared workspaces selected locations). accomplish this task, the ico procedure necessary. the funds collected through ico will allow begin the creation primalbase infrastructures, adjust the first five units the level cost recovery, and ultimately produce the revenue re-invested building the next locations. the value the tokens will surge the demand continues rise. additionally, the tokenization our shared workspaces provides with unique opportunity establish pool committed community members, tenants, landlords and opinion leaders, who can rely the future stages the project's development. token system purpose and functionality there are main reasons for adopting the token system: means raising enough money develop the project. wellimplemented crowd sales, with carefully defined objectives and guarantees, are one the best ways both generate capital and build community that has stake its success. the token represents simple universal measure the value renting membership from community members, the rising number primalbase locations, efficiency the shared workspaces model, and operating profitability the company. the tokens can considered investment instrument because its market value can significantly change the project develops. expand that last point opening hubs new locations should lead increase our community membership, which turn will allow establish and secure new partnership agreements. the operating profit will also grow, its source not the turnover the tokens themselves, but the classical real estate business model subletting office space. this financial flow will enable open several new hubs, which will lead further increase the price the tokens only because each token will give access ever-increasing office infrastructure. this process depicted schematically the figure below. fig. diagram token market price mechanics emphasize that the primalbase team cannot guarantee monotonic increase the price tokens and not responsible for the possible losses associated with such speculative use tokens. access all primalbase hubs services and functionality guaranteed unconditionally the current market price token. token specification one pbt token allows full access the shared workspace any primalbase location for one person. every office space, all the necessary services and amenities will present and provided, such broadband internet access, digital printing, etc. the term the token unlimited and, therefore, does not expire. the fee itself secured single payment. the number tokens that can purchased the same holder unlimited. this case, the possession tokens permits the use private office, one available. noted above, current tokens holders can participate the further development the project: for example, participate the selection future sites for new primalbases, decided general vote. tokens are not bound person company, and anyone who can certify their ownership can use it. that is, the token can resold leased (see paragraph .). pbt tokens are divisible, i.e. their number need not integer. fractional shares are introduced for the convenience working with pbt investment assets. the smallest fraction pbt. worth noting that access the services the hub the holder must have least one complete token. assume that all participants the project will maintain proper level decorum, decency and ethical conduct. therefore, the team reserves the right revoke membership, and deny access primalbase hubs for gross repeated violation the rules conduct. this case, the current holder the tokens can only sell them. the total number free-to-use tokens limited another tokens will held store for the social activities the tech community, and will the disposal members the advisory board. during the ico, the payment can made any currency, both fiat and crypto; the case the latter, will possible use third party conversion services like kraken shapeshift. the first day ico price pbt will equal bitcoins (btc), and from the second the seventh day ico btc. starting from the eighth day the cost the token will btc. the funds raised during ico stage will kept multi-signature wallet supervised three members the advisory board. funds are transparent and will spent according the long-term strategic plan (see also sec. approximate breakdown raised funds depicted fig. below. the ico campaign will take place until the purchase all tokens, but for longer than month. if, not all the tokens are sold the end this period, the unrealized balance will also placed the disposal the board directors. operations with tokens (sale, leasing, etc.) will allowed only after the end the ico campaign. fig. approximate breakdown funds spending the project develops, part the operating profit expected spent the purchase certain number tokens. this will allow the reinvestment revenue into the further development the project specifically, the opening new hubs. moreover, these measures will partly help preserve the liquidity pbt tokens level sufficient make them attractive investment medium. token ownership primalbase members can rent sell their tokens using the special technical feature the underlying waves protocols. from technical point view, this means that ownership any amount pbt can transferred, temporarily permanently. these are peer-to-peer transactions; therefore, parties must agree costs and payments between themselves. the holder the token protected his own blockchain the protocol works such way that the token cannot transferred but remains the wallet the rentee: effect, the token the minimal duration that token can rented months, and there maximum period. rental agreement may terminated ahead time mutual decision the parties unilaterally. formally, the waves platform does not allow the inclusion specific leasing rules (i.e. the price, time, conditions, etc.) into the blockchain, there can too many scenarios interaction between users. however, within the leasing agreement between the parties, there are guarantees the fulfillment contractual obligations all involved. token holder can sell many tokens they choose. however, any holder who has sold all their tokens, loses the right access the co-working services provided. the innate features blockchain technologies make impossible restore the ownership tokens the holder has, for whatever reason, lost his private key. the responsibility reliably store the private key that the token holder alone. legal aspects and issues due the retrospective nature regulatory action, our team can make guarantees regarding the legality the platform launch ico campaign any given jurisdiction. pbt tokens are not securities and not hold any rights the company. must operate our business accordance with the laws relevant jurisdictions. such, pbt tokens may not immediately available certain countries. the advisory board protects investors' interests and provides the latter with all the necessary reportage. the investor relations are built way like that ipo based quarterly investment reports. all legal aspects real estate transactions including, but not limited to, the management and negotiation rental contracts, the maintenance and surveillance buildings, and tax payments will coordinated central management unit the uk. future development intend create larger scale and all-encompassing hubs the most suitable locations. developing our original primalbase concept, will create more extensive all-inclusive venues with bars, restaurants, event spaces and other related facilities. part the profit made from these ventures will distributed among token holders. based business tasks and received feedback, can enhance token functionality and add new features. the modular structure chosen digital platform allows for further development and extension. appendix blockchain technologies ledgers have been the heart commerce since ancient times and are used record many things, most commonly assets such money and property. blockchain technology relies the concept distributed digital ledgers, which are essentially asset databases that can shared across network multiple sites institutions. all participants within network can have their own identical copy the ledger. any changes the ledger are reflected all copies within minutes, some cases, seconds. distributed ledgers are inherently harder attack, compared traditional centralized versions. instead single database, there are multiple shared copies the same database, cyber-attack would have attack all the copies simultaneously successful. the technology also resistant unauthorized change malicious tampering, participants the network would immediately spot change any part the ledger. furthermore, the method which information secured and updated means that participants can share data and confident that all copies the ledger any one-time match each other. traditional ledgers achieve level privacy limiting information access the parties involved and trusted third party. contrast, blockchain system transparent: all network participants can examine records the ledger. privacy can still maintained, however, breaking the flow information another place keeping pseudonymous public keys, which correspond the participants. the network can see that transaction occurred, but uninvolved parties lack the information link the transaction with specific identities. satoshi nakamoto introduced bitcoin [], the first implementation protocol that enables the issuance digital bearer instrument without trusted third party. this was achieved through the use the ledger replication system i.e. blockchain. bitcoin solves the difficult problem implementing decentralized digital cash, but its security model limits its efficiency and throughput: its design only supports single native asset, and its virtual machine offers limited support custom programs that determine asset movement, sometimes called smart contracts. ethereum, which launched develops the concept blockchain fully programmable state replication mechanism. while includes much more powerful programming language, presents additional challenges for scalability and efficiency. its general-purpose computation model makes difficult for engineers reason about security their applications. for further information interested readers are referred surveys and monographs [-]. appendix application architecture fig. schematics primalbase applications infrastructure waves protocols and routines constitute the core primalbase digital infrastructure and functionality. the advantages using waves platform are: ease custom token creation, low cost operations, built-in decentralized exchange, and integrated work with fiat currencies. most the operations can performed without leaving the waves wallet. waves platform compatible and interoperable with ethereum platform, ethereum the renowned market leader and popularly used crowd sales. believe that the future all the blockchain systems will combined into one ecosystem; therefore, the waves platform was chosen the key element primalbase apps. waves making great strides towards this goal, which will, naturally, increase accessibility and create new opportunities. references creative hubs: understanding the new economy. british council. nakamoto bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system. distributed ledger technology: beyond blockchain. government office for science. tschorsh, scheuermann bitcoin and beyond: technical survey decentralized digital currencies ieee communications surveys tutorials. vol. no. antonopoulos mastering bitcoin. o'reilly. franco understanding bitcoin. wiley. swan blockchain: blueprint for new economy. o'reilly. caetano learning bitcoin. packt publ.