primecoin: cryptocurrency with prime number proof-of-work sunny king (sunnyking@gmail.com) july th, abstract new type proof-of-work based searching for prime numbers introduced peer-to-peer cryptocurrency designs. three types prime chains known cunningham chain first kind, cunningham chain second kind and bi-twin chain are qualified proof-of-work. prime chain linked block hash preserve the security property nakamoto's bitcoin, while continuous difficulty evaluation scheme designed allow prime chain act adjustable-difficulty proof-of-work bitcoin like cryptocurrency. introduction since the creation bitcoin [nakamoto hashcash [back type proof-ofwork has been the only type proof-of-work design for peer-to-peer cryptocurrency. bitcoin's proof-of-work hashcash type based sha- hash function. artforz implemented scrypt hash function for cryptocurrency tenebrix. even though there have been some design attempts different types proof-of-work involving popular distributed computing workloads and other scientific computations, far remains elusive for different proof-of-work system provide minting and security for cryptocurrency networks. march realized that searching for prime chains could potentially such alternative proof-of-work system. with some effort pure prime number based proof-ofwork has been designed, providing both minting and security for cryptocurrency networks similar hashcash type proof-of-work. the project named primecoin. prime numbers, odyssey prime numbers, simple yet profound construct arithmetic, have perplexed generations brilliant mathematicians. its infinite existence was known early euclid over years ago, yet the prime number theorem, regarding the distribution prime numbers, was only proven following bernhard riemann's study its connection the riemann zeta function. there remain still numerous unsolved conjectures this day. the world records prime numbers have been largely focused mersenne prime p-, named after french monk marin mersenne (-), due its long history and importance number theory, and the fact that modulo can computed without bernhard riemann division for the efficient lucas-lehmer test. currently the top largest known primes are all mersenne primes. two well-known types prime pairs are, twin primes, where both and are primes, and sophie germain (-) primes, where both and are primes. extending the concept sophie germain prime pairs, chain nearly doubled primes named after allan cunningham (-), where cunningham chain the first kind has each prime one edouard lucas more than the double previous prime chain, and where cunningham chain the second kind has each prime one less than the double previous prime chain. variation the form known bi-twin chain, that is, chain twin primes where each twin pair basically doubles the previous twin pair. let's look some small examples better understand these prime chains. and are twin primes, their center. let's double arriving whereas and are twin primes again. bi-twin chain length also known bi-twin chain one link link from twin twin the bi-twin chain can actually split from their centers, giving one cunningham chain first kind, and one cunningham chain second kind. now split through centers bi-twin chain those below the centers are cunningham chain first kind, those above the centers are cunningham chain second kind. call the first center, the number this example, the origin the prime chain. from this origin you can keep doubling find your primes immediately adjacent the center numbers. there are also other prime formations known prime constellations tuplets, and prime arithmetic progressions. interest these prime pairs and formations, that their distribution seems follow similar but more rare pattern than the distribution prime numbers. heuristic distribution formulas have been conjectured, however, none their infinite existence proven (the twin prime conjecture being the most well known among them [goldston ]), let alone their distribution. efficient verification proof-of-work order act proof-of-work for cryptocurrency, the work needs efficiently verifiable all nodes the network. this would require the primes not too large, such record-breakingly large. then precludes mersenne primes and leads the use prime chain primecoin's work, since finding prime chain gets exponentially harder (with our current theoretical and algorithmic understanding) the chain length increases, yet verification reasonably sized prime efficient. for the primecoin design three types prime chains are accepted proof-of-work: cunningham chain first kind, cunningham chain second kind, and bi-twin chain. the primes the prime pierre fermat chain are subject maximum size protocol order ensure efficient verification all nodes. paul erdis the classical fermat test [caldwell base used together with euler-lagrange-lifchitz test [lifchitz verify probable primality for the prime chains. note not require strict primality proof during verification, would unnecessarily burden the efficiency verification. composite number that passes fermat test commonly known pseudoprime. since known the works erdos and pomerance [pomerance that pseudoprimes base are much more rare than primes, suffices only verify probable primality. non-reusability proof-of-work another important property proof-of-work for cryptocurrency non-reusability. that is, the proof-of-work particular block should not reusable for another block. achieve this, the prime chain linked the block header hash requiring that its origin divisible the block header hash. the quotient the division then becomes the proof-of-work certificate. block hash, the value that embedded the child block, derived from hashing the header together with the proof-of-work certificate. this not only prevents the proof-ofwork certificate from being tampered with, but also defeats attempt generating single proof-of-work certificate usable multiple blocks the block chain, since the block header hash descendant block then depends the certificate itself. note that, attacker generates different proof-of-work certificate for existing block, the block would then have different block hash even though the block content remains the same other than the certificate, and would accepted the block chain sibling block the existing block. block header hash subject lower bound performing hashcash type work help prime mining. varying nonce value generally does not help with prime mining, prime mining done typically fixing the block header hash and generating sieve. one case, varying nonce and finding block header hash that divisible small primorial number the product all primes smaller than given prime can help only slightly. allows the prime miner work somewhat smaller primes, like maybe few digits shorter, for prime numbers typically digits, only very small advantage. difficulty adjustability proof-of-work one bitcoin's innovations the introduction adjustable difficulty. this allows cryptocurrency achieve controlled minting and relatively constant transaction processing capacity. the advent gpu mining and later asic mining sha- hashcash proof-of-work did not impact its inflation model exactly due this mechanism. course, hashcash's linear difficulty model made easy. for prime proof-of-work, not apparent how this could achieved. initially thought about using prime size indicator difficulty. however, non-linear difficulty curve would negatively impact block chain security. also, using prime size difficulty indicator would interfere with efficiency verification. eventually discovered that the remainder fermat test could used construct relatively linear continuous difficulty curve for given prime chain length. this allows primecoin largely keep the security property bitcoin. let the prime chain length. the prime chain ..., pk-. let the fermat test remainder the next number chain pk. now pk/r used measure the difficulty the chain. even though the distribution r/pk not strictly uniform, but experiments have shown that the difficulty adjustment behavior reasonably good practice. the prime chain length then computed with fractional length part: (pk-r)/pk note passes probable primality tests then should considered chain higher integral length. continuous length target adjustment employed with similar features the difficulty adjustment ppcoin [king length target stepped down through integral boundaries during length target adjustment, fixed step-up/step-down threshold main chain protocol bitcoin, main chain protocol ensures that block chain consensus can reached long more than half the network mining power reaches consensus. conversely, attacker needs more than total network mining power control block chain. this security property depends the linear difficulty model hashcash. primecoin, slightly weakened the difficulty model not strictly linear, attacker may only need somewhat less than total network mining power through manipulation difficulty. integral length boundaries, constant ratio introduced approximate the ratio difficulties between prime chains with length difference the level block chain security dependent the accuracy this estimate. the state art prime mining progresses primecoin network, this ratio should adjusted needed ensure better security. minting model primecoin designed pure proof-of-work cryptocurrency, complement the proofof-stake design ppcoin. primecoin's proof-of-work mint rate determined difficulty. this approach was first experimented ppcoin. the scarcity the currency not ensured fixed cap bitcoin, but regulated moore's law via mining hardware advances and algorithmic improvements. this design more natural simulation gold's scarcity. moreover, pure proof-of-work cryptocurrency depends the mining market for its security. network mining income, the sum all miners' income, direct measurement the level block chain security across competing pure proof-of-work cryptocurrency networks. fixed cap scarcity model relies heavily transaction fees sustain network security. however higher transaction fee reduces the competitiveness cryptocurrency payment-processing network. since last year, bitcoin's share network mining income has shrunk much faster than its capital market share. basically, for pure proof-of-work design, it's not realistic expect all three goals sustain: high network security, low inflation and low transaction fee. this topic has been explored ppcoin paper, however would become more evident the competition intensifies cryptocurrency market and bitcoin's inflation rate drops further. moore's law approaches its limit, primecoin inflation rate would taper off and gives slower drop toward zero. there still good scarcity property similar gold while network security maintained without the need raise transaction fee. the inflation primecoin designed drop slower than ppcoin's proof-of-work minting, compensate for the need sustained energy consumption pure proof-of-work cryptocurrencies. conclusion primecoin the first cryptocurrency the market with non-hashcash proof-of-work, generating additional potential scientific value from the mining work. this research meant pave the way for other proof-of-work types with diverse scientific computing values emerge. around the time this paper, several new cryptocurrencies have been released adopting other hash functions composition hash functions for hashcash proof-of-work. appears there are market forces play such that diversification proof-of-work types inevitable. could prove difficult for any single type proof-of-work maintain dominance the long term. would expect proof-of-work cryptocurrency gradually transition toward energy-multiuse, that is, providing both security and scientific computing values. acknowledgement would like thank satoshi nakamoto and bitcoin developers whose brilliant pioneering work bitcoin made this project possible. references back (): hashcash denial service counter-measure. (http://www.hashcash.org/papers/hashcash.pdf) caldwell (): finding primes proving primality. (http://primes.utm.edu/prove) goldston (): are there infinitely many twin primes? (http://www.math.sjsu.edu/~goldston/twinprimes.pdf) king s., nadal (): ppcoin: peer-to-peer crypto-currency with proof-of-stake. (http://ppcoin.org/static/ppcoin-paper.pdf) lifchitz (): generalization euler-lagrange theorem. (http://www.primenumbers.net/henri/us/nouvthus.htm) nakamoto (): bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system. (http://www.bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf) pomerance (): the distribution pseudoprimes. mathematics computation volume number oct