abstract project coin community offer new service the participants the cryptosphere. with our project, aim simplify the development new cryptocurrencies. provide our clients with the appropriate source code they need develop their own coins. introduce our own coin prj, that makes use the most advanced technology gain the trust and loyalty our currency users. only accept compensation from our own prj currency. what are offering context the flaws and dishonesty the mainstream financial sector which vastly controlled society's elite and their political cronies, laid down the basis for the creation cryptocurrency that promised get money and finance back the service the many instead benefitting the very few. the backbone the cryptocurrency, the blockchain technology, inherent gamechanger. can applied not only make digital coins, but also various areas network applications that can reinvent the way perceive our financial transactions. the benefits this newborn technology are invaluable. promises democratize the financial sector that has been kidnapped the elite who used for their own benefits the cost the masses. the blockchain technology the creative disruptive force the financial sector. this technology was invented backlash against the excessive centralization finance and the breach privacy the big multi-national corporations. however, this nouvelle technology its infancy and there are many challenges that need addressed. think for example about the proof work (pow) and mining. turns out that this method mining rather having perverse effect. contradicting the very philosophy that underpins cryptocurrency concept which power decentralization over the citizens' finance, other words more democratization the financial sector. pow requires heavy investment hardware, which means only the have's can reap the benefits mining. this indeed contradiction. however, developers realized the problems these flaws were causing and introduced new protocols and methods counteract these imbalances. for example, address the issues arising from pow, developers produced new protocol that altered mining, called proof stake (pos). we, the project coin community, anticipate the continued fast pace this evolution and offer the participants this market simplified avenue take advantage these protocols. understand that the strength this market embedded its diversity. the applications the blockchain technology are countless, see rising demand for this technology while also constant evolution which also obliges the existing coins and other applications catch with the technological innovations. the meanwhile there are many men and women who have innovative ideas but lack the technical expertise put their ideas into practice. are here help you reap the benefits this technology. you have idea for currency but don't have the technical expertise, this will longer pose problem. you will have everything you need make your currency real providing you with all the source codes you need so. compliment the above mentioned services, have developed high-performance cryptocurrency, aptly called projectcoin (prj). payments for our services will only accepted prj coin, enabling you benefit from our services with the knowledge take meticulous care about the quality and reputation our currency and community. acknowledge that must the extra mile ensure gain your trust and achieve your loyalty and our projects. below give more details about us, our currency and our project, hope welcome you aboard enjoy our coin and services. our philosophy since time began human beings have used their creativity invent new tools and technologies enrich their lives. technology has increasingly enabled better living standards. money was such invention that made goods exchange much more efficiently. however, technology and inventions have been taken hostage elites society serve their own goals, has occurred the current monetary system the central bankers. the current technology that underpins the cryptocurrency, i.e., the blockchain, the new creative disruption tool that promises revolutionize the way finance. blockchain technology will democratize finance and make more equitable. believe sincerely these objectives and absolutely committed these principles. what offer we, the community project coin are aware the challenges associated with cryptocurrencies. our team has in-depth knowledge, expertise experience the technology that underpins the blockchain. constantly track the trends this market and are date every new concept and protocol this alternative sphere aim offer you the best technological solutions any issues that you may encounter when introducing your coin. hence, offer you variety source codes that you will need improve your coins chances success. multipool mining, challenges and solutions one the big challenges that coin developers are dealing with multipool mining where miners switch between various coins seeking more profits. the rewards for mining blocks for your coins exceed the hashing difficulty, you'll find miners flocking towards your network which will accelerate the mining capacity your coins which will shorten the confirmation time your coins. however, opposite scenario will result slower confirmation and inflation, when miners switch away from your coins. multipool mining may not, such bad thing but can result instable currency with chaotic swings price. developers work extensively finding ways tackle these challenges. one the innovations this context was the invention block difficulty readjustment algorithm. the name says, the difficulty hashing adjusts automatically maintain the stability the coin. one the most innovative algorithm that now used called dark gravity wave algorithm. before this innovation, kimoto gravity wall was popular, which used information from previous blocks re-adjust difficulty for the next. dark gravity wave inspired the previous algorithm but uses more sophisticated algorithms solve problems that arose with kimoto gravity wall. dgw uses multiple exponential moving averages and simple moving average achieve the smoother difficulty re-targeting mechanism. coins that use dgw are more immune multipool mining re-adjusts difficulty with each block. dgw block time becomes more consistent and can used accelerate transactions. pre-mining allocation worth mention that opt for proof stake instead proof work for our currency. however, the pre-mining phase will use this protocol and then switch the proof stake permanently. given that the project has enormous startup expenses, essential for developers pre-mine proportion they work the development the coin. therefore use the following scheme: proof work proof stake has been discussed, the cryptocurrency its infancy and witnessing exponential evolution. proof work (pow) has many flaws and turns contradict with the principles the cryptocurrency project. miners need invest heavily computing power, resulting matheus effect. those who have the means will earn more they can bear the high costs computing. this particularly undemocratic and threatens transform the cryptocurrencies the mercy the very few who have the means mine. solution that problem, developers came with new protocol, which called "proof stake" (pos). with pos, miners are replaced masternodes. masternodes are networknodes that keep the network running. masternodes don't need computers with unique properties, they only need have computer running order reap the benefits, you need have stakes the currency. unfortunately again, matheuseffect remains stubborn. other words, people with more means are the ones who benefit more from the rewards. but nonetheless, research shows that pos more equitable than pow. there remains also the problem governance. the system gives the validators with higher stakes more say important decisions, the risk remains that powerful validators may control the currency and deteriorate the governance system. tiered masternodes levels the project coin communityy are aware these challenges. care more about decentralized governance and more equity. therefore opt for provable system that can tackle these issues. hence make use three level tiered masternodes. aim towards decentralizing decision making and also give people with less means the opportunity participate decision-making and benefit from the profits our coins. shared masternode care about wide participation our coin and equity, further facilitate shared masternode services that investors with less means can pool together benefit from the rewards network validators. target more durable stakeholdership and hence more stable coin. coin stability and inflation targeting measures one more reason that opt for the pos that allows for the possibility control inflation. you wonder how that possible without 'central bank'? indeed, cryptocurrency decentralized monetary system and can't managed any entity such 'central bank'. but with the masternodes, the stakes requirements change automatically function increase decrease the currency supply. add that the fact that value depreciation cryprocurrency occurs when there oversupply the currency, other words, when the sell-off exceeds the demand. with level tiered master-nodes this problem contained certain degree gives extra incentives broader range investors hold stable stakes the currency. this because compensating the stake-holder takes time factor into consideration, that said, the longer you hold stake the higher the compensation. the levels tiered masternodes attract wider pool investors hold stakes the currency for longer time spans, meaning that more investors, whether with small bigger stakes will have incentives invest durably the coin. this also why encourage our investors make use shared masternode services. our coin run pos protocol and with levels tiered masternodes. are you new entrant and want opt for such instrument, are here provide you with tailor-made source codes make your project succeed. start project choosing the right exchange service shortly after launching our currency, will kick start our services and begin dealing with your requests for source codes. that period will first take care that our coin stable and meets all the criteria which highly value. each project that receive will put under intensive scrutinity scan for scam coins. responsible developers care about the reputation this cryptosphere not spoiled scam coins and deceptive schemes. will therefore scrutinize all the roadmaps, whitepapers and development team's histories filter the projects that fulfill honesty criteria. will research find the best exchange services that just fits best with our coin. crypto-bridge and graviex are our first live exchanges, with coins now available. hope engage with other exchanges that can offer high quality service for extra stable coin. conclusion team experts blockchain technology, offer our clients invaluable service that will enable them start their blockchain projects with more ease. offer source codes for different cryptocurrency protocols which will simplify blockchain technology for the entrepenuers with great ideas but who lack the technical expertise make their ideas reality. have developed our currency for compensating for our services and rewarding our investors. our currency based the most recent technologies the cryptosphere and our team highly values the principles equity, decentralized governance and democratic participation. therefore opt for proof stake protocol with level tiered masternodes attain the goals believe in.