project pai motivation whitepaper decentralized, peer-enabled identities for the economy october projectpai.com table contents executive summary introduction project pai terminology vision project pai purpose smart contract implementation pai principles blockchain summary three pillars the blockchain governance rules innovation partner oben partners, investors pai coin and credits system dual currency use cases personal assistant sharing economy healthcare social networking entertainment and media distributed conclusion references executive summary the cornerstone artificial intelligence (ai) the ability make highly competent, humanistic decisions that successfully pass the turing test []. the last decade, we've seen rapid advancement strong, sophisticated machines variety industries; the autonomous vehicle industry delivering new transportation economy; alphabet's alphago has toppled the best board players the world; neural networks like ibm watson learn and process vast amounts information unimaginable paces. the peak artificial intelligence almost here, but the peak artificial intelligence already here. with several limitations: current only developed for narrow, task-specific domains, prohibitively resource-intensive, and thus heavily influenced and for the interests select number industry leaders. for these reasons project pai developing open-source blockchain protocol decentralize development for everyone. the foundation for interoperable blockchain starts from the ground firstly with creating for the individual. this paper presents utility network coin for using pai, the world's first personal (pai), intelligent avatar designed look like you, speak like you, and behave like you the digital space. person's pai directly owned and managed the original user, who can compensated for deploying their pai online, creating new economy. the unique, blockchain protocol enables the decentralization pai and contains many layers: authentication, network, storage, and ai. the pai network decentralized platform built from the protocol, and acts avatar repository and foundation for decentralized applications use pai everyday life. the economy grows, the blockchain protocol will able used for purposes beyond pai and other general broad-domain development. two-level currency structure maintains user-friendly and consumer-facing use pai mainstream culture. pai coins interact directly with the pai network, while credits are used within decentralized applications. introduction the foundational idea humanistic computing that provenance valuable. information people disguise, and people ought paid for value they contribute that can sent stored digital network. jaron lanier, who owns the future? our entire lives exist the digital world; our finances, social activity, and even behavioral traits. wherever online, leave behind trail data that corporations use build our digital profiles and plug into algorithms that improve their services for us. the more engage their experiences, the better they can personalize our needs and retain loyal users. although this may seem advantageous, need realize that our digital profiles are now complex enough build accurate model our real-world behavior they are our real-world selves disguise that are wholly owned corporations. currently our profiles exist legacy data formats that have changed very little beyond traditional identities (e.g., passport ids and bank account numbers). but enriched with through data such our social interactions, have the potential introduce cognitive capability into our digital profiles. now imagine that our digital profiles are able think and speak, born from the online personality patterns tied directly ourselves. add three-dimensionality our intelligent profiles and turn them into avatars; intelligent agents that have our personality and likeness that command knowing that trusted representative our true identity. there are endless possibilities for use our intelligent agents anywhere the digital space. but stands right now, companies build complex from our interactions their platforms and monetize them through focused advertisements and search results; these corporations get all the associated benefits and revenue while who provide the source for the profiles get limited access and means readily utilize them for our own needs and our discretion. can build new type distribution platform bring back value for the contributor and decentralize the way use ai. platform that inherits the best qualities online experiences and efficient technologies, but begins with us, the individual contributor, the center the design. each has enormous volume digital assets that can refined with artificial intelligence support new type digital economic system, artificial intelligence economy. this humanistic platform, every person's asset node network, where these nodes humanistic platform could allow create our own comprehensive digital profiles. cooperate with each other build value and are compensated for their actions. the higher the contribution the network, the greater the compensation. economy that built the people, for the people, with the people. right now the complexity renders inaccessible broader audience, and results that designed top-down the benefit the corporations who fund these initiatives. project pai instead building the economy from the bottom up, starting with the everyday individual empower them part collective community. from that seed, the platform can scale and help solve the world's biggest problems. and tying artificial intelligence our digital profiles, breathe life into our personal information and turn them into our very own three-dimensional avatars; avatars that depict our likeness and voice, and can perform tasks our representative the economy. they are verified within decentralized network proof acting upon our behalf and empower our online activity. our intelligent digital assets can collectively summed personal artificial intelligence (pai) profiles that have the ability out and tell the stories our lives our own words, our own likeness and voice, and interact with the world our behalf. foresee the impact integrated ai, and will aim harness the next great technological watershed moment human history. project pai believes that the new age the economy has arrived, and can realized first celebrating the individual. project pai terminology digital profiles any form personal identifier that can contributed the creation improvement pai. some examples include: biometric, voice capture, facial recognition, semantics, social activity, and even personality. pai the personal artificial intelligence (pai) digital twin avatar that looks, talks, and behaves uniquely like the original human. the identity can verified true the owner the pai, and given duties act behalf the owner delegated representative. the pai always improving through the accumulation interactions and contributions from the owner and other users the platform. (e.g. the owner may only speak english, but his her pai may speak chinese, automatically learning from the collection chinese-speaking users.) pai network decentralized platform upon which decentralized applications utilizing pai can built. user's pai can created, stored, and deployed upon the platform onto any decentralized application, controlled discreetly the owner's discretion. economy artificial intelligence-driven economy built upon the pai network, where pai intelligently exchange goods and services for new model transaction reducing the reliance upon trusted entities. applications decentralized applications (pai app) built upon the pai network. these applications span across the personal information economy i.e. social networking, healthcare, education, and other personalized products and services. applications utilize pai the core functionality for the experience; this couples with consumer-facing currency generalized credits. authenticator anyone who offers human labor verify and confirm changes that have taken place within the pai network. e.g. captcha uses tests only humans can grade and pass. tasks able performed mobile devices without requiring additional equipment investment. miner anyone who offers computing power process changes the blockchain and compensated pai coin reward. miner can also considered type authenticator. pai coin the native currency the pai blockchain with which applications and users transact process changes. credits consumer-facing currency that exists the application level. users earn credits when contributing training data the application purchase them via pai coin. (e.g. recording audio from script facial data from selfie.) pai blockchain protocol blockchain, peer-to-peer network which stores identical and unalterable blocks information across the network, will utilized the project pai technology. this blockchain exists from combination layers: authentication, transaction, and data. any instance pai being active application, receiving credits for transactional exchange pai information, checking for verification, storing for biometric data, assisting development, will written the blockchain protocol for immutability. altogether, enables the trustless uniquity which pai cannot copied and deployed without person's permission. permission pai most cases covers the right publicity personality rights, where individual controls the commercial usage their image, likeness, other facets one's personal identity. vision project pai purpose person's pai network-verified avatar that looks like the owner, speaks the voice the owner, and represents the owner when acting his her behalf []. project pai believes that every person the world has the right create, own, manage, and use their own pai per their right publicity. fulfill that mission, project pai proposes blockchain protocol designed give people trackable ownership and management rights (e.g., portability, limited sharing, and interoperability) their intelligent personal data profiles, their pai. the protocol serves the foundation new economy, where decentralized, personal data securely associated with person's pai, and people are fairly compensated for their contributions. current blockchain protocols are built upon straightforward peer-to-peer network for transactions and management. the pai blockchain protocol incorporates decentralized artificial intelligence development into the blockchain, addition typical transaction and management rights that cryptocurrencies such bitcoin and ethereum contain. however layering artificial intelligence into the blockchain, and building around core component the blockchain requires additional work and specialization create entirely independent protocol with functionalities custom-designed for usage. believe that wholly separate blockchain built independently for will encourage faster adoption developers and maintain focused domain around pai-centric applications. this unique blockchain protocol sets the stage for decentralized platform (pai network) supporting economy. the act decentralization ensures one entity has ownership personal data, and all processing transactions are distributed among vast network computers. pai can stored, verified, and transacted, addition development further improve pai all the pai network. pai-centric applications can built upon this decentralized platform; applications that can deploy and update pai when user-interactions occur, and utilize the blockchain verify and secure the movement information. project pai believes that every person the world has the right create, own, manage, and use their own pai and per their right publicity. smart contract implementation permissions and security users will have complete control over how their pai used the network. they can enable their pai perform tasks their behalf different applications the pai blockchain. pai secure all pai activities leave footprint the blockchain and are easily traceable any case malicious usage. footprint interoperability the pai network, users can use their pais simultaneously multiple applications for dating, shopping, healthcare, and other services. deployment multiple fronts should seamless experience for users' respective pais. owners can check their pai's behavior different applications and alter the pai's decision making process through manual improvements and learned behaviors. the presence pai across applications the platform leaves digital footprint the user's pai the blockchain. interoperability also positively impacted users not need rebuild pai profile set new preferences for every application that used; user profiles and learned behavior automatically applied the pai new application. reputation pai leaves footprint the network, also builds profile for the user. the digital footprint can used build personal score trust (similar credit score) which will useful for many decentralized applications the pai network. proof identification proof identification the ecosystem possible through implementation the blockchain. only one pai made per individual the pai network, and all activities and interactions are subsequently timestamped and placed the blockchain. fake profiles are not possible the network through data verification performed authenticators. the permissions are set the user such that their pai usable developers for external use, the user still able track the pai activities ensure their pai not misused for malicious behavior. pai principles propose developing and utilizing pai from four key principles (see dia. identical realistic representation verification delegation collaboration dia. illustration pai development and utilization principles identical realistic representation pai will representation the original owner will look like the owner, sound like the owner, and behave like the owner. the more data individual contributes their pai, the higher the accuracy and reflection likeness there will for her and for the other community users. identicality covers broad spectrum identifiers that include but are not limited the user's voice color and intonations, facial capture, and their personality and behavioral traits. this case project pai envisions the representation pai best exhibited mobile devices and anticipates mobile augmented reality (ar) functionality naturally optimal, immersive environment for pai start. verification the identity the pai can verified for trust through the blockchain protocol. the data and experiences created, developed, and submitted people developers can also verified for trust through the blockchain protocol. anyone who helps verify through the blockchain compensated with pai coins. project pai enables self-serving network. delegation these holistic pai can operate the owner's behalf and with permission, opening greater opportunities the humanistic information economy. pai will out and create relationships with other parties, and will able perform duties that user cannot, either from their lack ability from time constraints. e.g. pai that can speak other languages and perform time-saving conversations their behalf. project pai also provides tool for its owners exercise their right publicity, where every person owner their likeness and representation. such, rights management and control one's pai belongs solely the owner and not any other entity. collaboration any person will able simply create their pai and instantly deploy into any experience, joining community pai users who are compensated for their work, and are contributing the growth the technology. people can train their pais contributing personal data pool information for deep learning that improves the more data individual contributes their pai the higher the accuracy and reflection likeness there will be. the quality humanistic behaviors. the community thus collectively contributes the evolution the entire pai ecosystem the more person uses their pai and contributes data project pai, the faster, smarter and more useful everyone else's pai will become. blockchain summary three pillars the blockchain the pai blockchain protocol built with the intention streamline technologies, machine learning, and deep-learning together user-friendly, individual-first approach. three core components make the landscape the ai-enabled blockchain: authentication transaction data authentication strong encryption and hashing algorithms are used ensure the security and veracity network communication. provenance, ownership, access, and chain-of-custody information conveyed via strong asymmetric cryptography backed recommended multi-signature public key infrastructure (pki) []. paicoin wallet securely and anonymously ties together all user's data assets passwordless process. pai's ownership can verified, through the use asymmetric digital signing with the pai coin wallet, every interaction public and private pairing. strongly enforced security protocols are used guarantee the safety pai ownership. paramount that pai knows its owner. that relationship cannot counterfeit. equally important that owner has total control the permissions their pai has interact with the outside world []. transaction users the pai network transact with pai coins. the reward system for goods and services such compensation for providing computational power payment for using application all operate with pai coins the standard currency. the blockchain keeps record those transactions for immutability. data the data layer encrypts the data and secures the peer peer interactions the pai network. governance rules the pai blockchain protocol runs the background whenever user adds themselves the system. this will facilitate user data learning and formal verification the data the miners who are compensated. project pai aims decentralize the ownership these user profiles and identities and return back the owners. the blockchain protocol provides the technical infrastructure enable the following: pai developers deploy pai online applications and products. developers earn and transact pai coins providing experiences and services. consumers from around the world are compensated for contributing data and training their pai collectively improve the neural network the platform. people own and control their pai per the right publicity. pais are deployed within interactive and monetized experiences. building pai and developing pai technology requires large amounts data not just from the person who wants build their pai, but also from the entire community. the more people contribute data project pai, the better the quality the pais will for everyone else. for example, the navigation application waze, people contribute their driving data the entire waze network. waze not only relies the community users provide robust traffic information quickly get users their destination, but also learns preferred driving patterns individual and improves the overall quality their navigation experience over time. development the development the pai blockchain protocol led alex project pai aims decentralize the ownership these user profiles and identities back the owners. waters, who was previously part the development team for the original satoshi bitcoin client, now bitcoin core. the cofounder and ceo coinapex which nyc-based software, technology, and cryptography incubator. along with his collaborators, has also founded coin.co, bitcoin payment processing facilitator, and coin validation, due diligence service for bitcoin businesses. his experience the development early blockchain technology and expertise within the community provides clear development path for the pai blockchain protocol. innovation collaborators the vision project pai made achievable through the support collaborators and developers committed bringing pai life. project pai working alongside company oben develop the pai network and blockchain protocol. leader personal artificial intelligence technologies, oben able provide the necessary tools for harnessing personal data into intelligent avatars. allied values and ideals for the future ai, oben project pai's first contributing innovator. oben about oben oben artificial intelligence company that creates personal artificial intelligence (pai) for consumers and celebrities, enabling never before possible social and virtual interactions. oben builds person's digital voice, image and personality create personal that can used across mobile, augmented reality, virtual reality, and iot experiences. founded oben tencent and softbank ventures korea portfolio company and located pasadena, california. oben's mission develop artificial intelligence and design digital avatars that create human interactions that are playful and unique everyday life. oben's founders nikhil jain the cofounder and ceo oben. prior oben, nikhil worked healthcare company, kaiser permanente, developing electronic medical record applications. previously cofounded two start-ups, green, marketplace for cleantech and and running software, open source software development company. nikhil has mba from the university southern california, and b.s electrical engineering from pondicherry university. dr. adam zheng the cofounder and coo oben. prior oben, adam cofounded baihe.com, the largest dating platform china with over million users. baihe the first dating company china implement id-verification ensure online profiles match real life. adam received his ph.d. environmental engineering from davis and master financial engineering from berkeley. motivation oben's personal artificial intelligence technologies are built the principles transfer learning, which means that technology solution applied for one problem can also applied towards other, similarly presented issues. this case oben's neural networks learn from the experiences individual and applies its learning when engaging other users. when more individuals share their experiences with oben, the broader community benefits well. unlike other technologies that rely finite number users tied single platform, decentralized platform offers technology many advantages when individuals are freely connected vast community contributing users. fully realizing these benefits, oben champions the ideas open-accessibility and decentralization advance and distribute its technologies around the world. oben's technology not only meets the full spectrum personal (voice, behavior, and likeness), but also packages the technology consumer-friendly products. the public can easily create their own personal through mobile devices without the requirement expensive production tools. whether oben's technology deployed service partnerships through apis sdks its own consumer products, the end user always experiences easy, friendly way creating and using their own pai. privacy and security run parallel the development efforts oben's technology. continues become more personalized and becomes valuable container for sensitive personal data, the best solution points decentralizing artificial intelligence and tying securely blockchain protocol. for these core reasons, oben actively engaged with the mission project pai and will participate its development and adopt its protocol. oben's values align closely with the belief that new personal information economy for pai should built the people, for the people, with the people. technology oben the first company combine speech, computer vision and natural language processing (nlp) technologies construct digital voice, image, and personality; all the components required for unified personal ai. oben has over patents pending and has produced variety technology apis that can easily integrated into the pai. speech speech synthesis user records small sample their speech create personalized textto-speech model that sounds like the user. can then used for variety voice applications. singing synthesis the capability generate singing from personalized text-to-speech. enhances singing skills map any singing style. voiceid oben technology can perform various degrees identification based upon the user's data, such speaker recognition and even identifying user's height from voice tonality. computer vision avatar creation through simple photo, oben technology creates digital avatar that realistic, visual representation the user. avatar system api avatar system which allows for changing body shape, clothes, hairs, animation, well virtual makeup. cloud-based api for the system and avatar. avatar animation full body virtual animation, facial tracking and voice input for speechdriven animation. facial tracking mobile device allows for real-time animation well. faceid oben's technology can perform various degrees identification based upon the user's data, such facial recognition. natural language processing narrow domain chatbot users can chat with virtual avatars celebrities other real users, and perform q&a around specific themes with the avatar. business model the primary developer for project pai, oben's development efforts pai, the pai network, and the paichain, will compensated through portion pai coins set aside during the coin generation event. oben will also developing its own consumer applications for deployment the pai network and will implement its own second-level, credits currency structure, called oben credits. oben credits can earned purchased using pai coins, and cannot redeemed for fiat currency other cryptocurrencies. following project pai principles, oben credits can used across oben applications, and users who provide their personal information these applications improve the pai technology will compensated oben credits. partners stars entertainment technology company that creates virtual celebrities, virtual versions real celebrities that look, talk and behave like the celebrity and interact with their fans globally. investors date, oben has raised venture funding from some the most respected investors the world. major investors include: tencent softbank next media innovation fund (sb media fund) ruigang li: founder china media capital soo-man lee: founder s.m. entertainment s.m. entertainment group (s.m.) dunan group idealab htc vive crestvalue capital cybernaut westlake partners fengshion capital tsinghua leaguer: research institute tsinghua university inmaginator preangel the third wave capital newmargin venture capital newdo venture membrain ventures learn more please scan codes for demo oben's tech youtube youku pai coin and credits system dia. illustration the pai ecosystem consumer and platform levels. dual currency the pai platform accepts two-level structure cryptocurrencies keep the blockchain ecosystem and end-user experiences separate (dia. the native and decentralized pai coin project pai dedicated application-level credits, which can designed people and organizations for their own applications. currently, many resources estimate there are million active bitcoin users the world []. compared facebook, wechat, snapchat, the numbers for cryptocurrency adoption are not the same order magnitude. project pai's structure designed lower the bar for everyday consumers engage with blockchain-built applications and the pai platform without needing own bitcoin ethereum understand blockchain; hence creating low barrier entry for consumer []. any person who engages with the platform the ecosystem level can compensated for their participation with pai coins. every person that operates the pai blockchain directly can miner. any person who engages with the platform the application level can compensated for their participation with credits. any decentralized application will have their own credits with currency nomenclature unique the application itself (e.g. project pai's structure designed lower the bar for everyday consumers application has gems, application has cash). developers can construct smart contracts for transactions both native pai coins and application-level credits. these smart contracts, written the blockchain, are designed screen pais, enforce transaction, verify and enforce the additions and changes the pai platform (see dia. dia. difference smart contracts between credits and pai coins pai use cases project pai will work with developers and organizations around the world create pai-based experiences that encourage consumers leverage the pai platform. below are several diverse industry use cases that demonstrate how applications can built utilizing pai its core functionality while remaining integral vast range everyday activities. personal assistant personal assistants offer numerous time-savings, from scheduling meetings preference-based searching. current assistants only exist within platform-centric entities such email client, and are unique their identity. pai can perform tasks while still acting yourself, you are free other activities. pai utility facilitator decision-making and reducing the number choices user must decide from. gatekeeper that screens undesirable experiences front the user. navigator that walks people through experiences and enhances their online journey. shopping ellie teenager from los angeles who loves shopping but rarely has the opportunity visit top stores given her busy school schedule. ellie's pai learns her dressing style, tracks the latest designs and tries digital outfits. ellie pulls her pai her mobile device and watches wearing different outfits using ar. she selects her favorite ones and purchases the real outfits for herself. flight deals lily avid traveler who looks forward her next trip abroad. she uses her mobile device pull pai travel agents and have them help her find interesting destinations great price. she notices one agent wearing roman tunic and finds out there great promotional package historic sites around greece and italy. lily loves the package and sends her pai ask her favorite travel buddies they might interested joining. restaurant takeout richard's family has difficulty finding takeout restaurants that meets everyone's food preferences; takes time search, call, inquire about food restrictions, and take every family member's order. richard's pai can search for restaurants that cater his family's dietary needs, create selection order combinations, and check with each family member approve the selections. sharing economy every individual has variety idle assets from empty bedrooms parked cars. companies like uber and airbnb have built their platforms partitioning markets the sharing economy. all these sharing economy platforms are based upon the tenets trust and communication, where pai can easily manage the exchanges between individual parties. the pai network also has the ability link all these disparate sharing markets that sharing any asset becomes seamless. pai utility arbitrator share the owner's idle assets and services with other parties, and mediate transactions. car sharing diane has idle autonomous car parked her company's site. while she work, diane's pai announces other users that her autonomous car available for use during the day. user who interested sends their pai diane's pai and negotiates pickup times, location, and pricing. all the parties involved, from the autonomous driving car company, diane, the user, and even the insurance agency engage with the pai network for direct pay and seamless transaction process. house sharing tanya homeowner berlin, and occasionally rents out her additional rooms when she's away. answering everyone's questions and coordinating the experience can very time intensive. tanya's pai coordinates arrival dates with her guest and answers commonly asked questions about the home. when they arrive, tanya's guests use their mobile device get tour the rooms from her pai. healthcare healthcare systems have often stretched their staffing resources thin. patients have more questions than doctors have time answer and hospitals are seeking out innovative means maintain patient satisfaction and increase efficiencies. pai comes medium bridge better patient-doctor relationships and proxy represent owners that are absent from conversation. pai utility representative electronic medical records for healthcare stakeholders interact preparatory guide that coaches patients through recovery and the healthcare system monitor remind and advise patients maintaining health pre-operative preparation eileen preparing have knee replacement surgery her local hospital. the coming weeks before the operation she has prepared. her surgeon's pai can introduce himself and offer scripted instructions how get ready. the day the surgery, eileen cleared the hospital for operation thanks the instructions and feels comfortable knowing she's already met her surgeon beforehand. medication reminders yuchen elementary school and needs take regular medication for his condition. often forgets take the prescriptions which also carry complex instructions. yuchen's doctor uses his pai send yuchen daily reminders take his prescriptions. yuchen can watch his doctor's pai act out the instructions for taking the medication which serves visual reminder. yuchen's trust his doctor encourages him follow the instructions given. patient monitoring liam lives alone his living community and his age and health have started catch with him. dr. abbas has many other patients with conditions that can't visit liam every day. instead sends his pai daily check-in with liam ensure that liam taking his medication and monitor his health. dr. abbas's pai will alert him anything wrong. physical therapy jess goes her physical therapist rehabilitate recent rugby injury. all the physical therapy exercises are complex perform and remember her own, her physical therapist sends her animations her pai performing the exercises. when jess home, she can watch her avatar through the motions and copy the exercises exactly she sees her own body. social networking the core social networking experiences are built around effectively communicating context, intent, and finding creative means express emotion and personality. pai offers more ways express oneself online and present conversations even when the owner not physically present. pai utility favorable representation the user the virtual world dating amy's busy work schedule prevents her from spending time find the perfect match. instead she allows her pai the searching for her will search according her preferences and find profiles knows align with amy's personality. will even talk other pai and answer questions during the search process. then presents amy with matching pai profile. because the pai verified and identical the owner, she knows that the profile exists the real world and looks exactly like his pai there are surprises the first date []. job search mindy recent college graduate looking for job and sends her pai virtual career fair. she notes the most interesting companies, and sends her pai hand out her resume and tell recruiters the highlights her background. using her mobile device, she pulls the pai company recruiters and watches them pitch their company vision. group chat amie likes chat with her friends group conversations, but doesn't like doing video conferencing since there's pressure put makeup and look presentable. instead she talks through her pai that she has beautified through makeup filters. her friends also decide talk through their pai and feel like they are all together when projected their mobile devices. they create animations their pai interacting with each other and have them tricks that are entertaining for the entire group. voicemail ira flies planes quite often and worried about missing important phone calls. ira's pai deployed while the air screen messages and track who has called. when ira lands from his flight, gets summary update from his pai who lets him know who called, it's important give them call back, and screens out telemarketing calls knows doesn't have listen those missed messages. emoji stickers timur likes send his friends silly memes, gifs, and emojis into their group messages. using his pai can have himself dance, say silly things, and act out emotions make his friends laugh the group without having himself. entertainment media star power and strong brands have untapped potential influence even larger audiences, and further strengthen relationships with loyal consumers. celebrities have limited amount time they can spend with their fans. they seek ways further their brand and diversify monetization channels. pai can empower celebrities and branded experiences exist where they previously could not, and diversify into more channels interaction that will add value users. pai utility entertainment provider and social interaction medium coffee with celebrity jun big fan elon musk, and closely follows all his projects and companies. jun wishes that could sit down with elon ask the biggest questions his mind. for small fee, jun reserves coffee meeting with elon's pai and his three closest friends. jun and his friends sit virtual table and ask elon's pai questions about raising funds, his childhood, and advice for starting companies. internet things (iot) katie loves having connected devices her home, because they improve all aspects her lifestyle. she uses her smart devices order groceries, dim the lights, and play her favorite movies starring morgan freeman. katie likes morgan freeman much that she purchases his pai and integrates into all her iot devices. now she can hear his booming voice all her smart products and carry morgan's pai companion her mobile device. ebook seven-year old molly loves listen her father read her favorite harry potter book bedtime. whenever her father out town, molly able load his avatar and listen her favorite stories his voice again. she uses augmented reality project her father's pai top the bed covers, she can see his expressions reads new stories. molly can hear the stories his voice and have his pai say good night her. celebrity rising k-pop star hoon does his best engage with his fans, but there demand for intimacy that can't met given his busy schedule. with his pai, hoon creates personalized one-on-one experiences; fans have music duets with hoon's pai and share the videos with their friends. hoon's pai also personal companion fans' mobile phones and can show tell jokes, stories, and engage conversation when fans are feeling lonely. fans can also receive the latest updates and gossip about hoon when they engage conversation with his pai. karaoke local arcade has just installed virtual reality (vr) karaoke game. summer both avid gamer and aspiring young singer, and excited challenge herself the karaoke arcade. she adds stylish outfits her pai which loads into the game where she can sing and watch her pai dance the stage. the bonus round the game, her pai switches mode where she watches sing perfectly its own and dances like celebrity. she downloads the video her pai and uses practice her own singing and dance moves home. tastemaker lucia popular video blogger who talks about fashion, lifestyle, and design. she supported variety brands. her fans always ask for advice clothing and design decisions. lucia uses her pai directly engage with her fans when she not there and recommends her favorite brands based the type clothing they ask her about. her pai cultural tastemaker; every morning greets her fans with selection news articles and daily updates her life that fans can browse. distributed artificial intelligence core layer the pai blockchain protocol built around supporting the development ai. this enables not just pai but also other applications and algorithms that can share common structures such distributed computing the blockchain, all aimed toward empowering the individual. utility distributed computing and reward system framework for development genomic sequencing fernando interested learning about the genetic mutations his family's heredity patterns identify his children are risk for particular disease. using the pai blockchain protocol, uses his pai and open-source algorithms process the computing power needed pinpoint the mutations low cost and without handing over his medical data any outsider. independent game design dolly the sole designer working interactive game that allows users choose their own adventure that are unique every time the game played. she runs her game through the blockchain protocol run thousands simulations autonomously create new adventures for her users. amateur astronomy her free time, samra enjoys tracking planetary orbits and looking for new, undiscovered objects the sky. she has hundreds night images taken over the years that she runs through the blockchain protocol using algorithm looking for hidden objects and mapping out orbital paths. she shares her results with other amaetur astronomers around the world and together the blockchain they create evolving network quality information that rivals government-funded programs. ngo hospital volunteer doctor, seyed, administering healthcare operation overseas region lacking healthcare system. because shortage trained staff, seyed relies pai help answer patient questions. uses the blockchain run deep learning computations the datasets conversations improve patient health outcomes. his pai learns personalize responses and educates seyed about cultural sensitivity towards his patients. seyed and the other nearby ngos share their data collaborate and build better models improve the affected region. conclusion the future our digital identities will decentralized, and there are multiple organizations pushing retrieve privacy and ownership the hands the true identity holder. the ability for our digital identity comprehensive, identical ourselves, and intelligent enough perform tasks our behalf exists only the form personal artificial intelligence (pai). imagine owning digital avatar that certifiably you, that looks and speaks like you, and that freely interacts the digital world your behalf without requiring constant oversight. opens numerous new possibilities for online experiences occur and allows you have more time things that matter. certainly there are challenges with developing that limit the range pai functionality. but project pai grows and develops pool users provide data, the pace innovation within pai will rapidly accelerate. seen with other technological advances that rely the growth user populations and data, improvements pai will scale rapidly users increase their frequency engagement []. the average consumer, pai may seem like magical phenomenon. yet the foundation pai and its success relies the support community that actively contributes the improvement and training pai. contributions stem from simply maintaining lifestyle everyday activities such online messaging gaming. project pai will launch new blockchain protocol that will create this reality and will the catalyst for delivering personal avatars the world. believe that every person the world will have their own pai and able create and manage any way they choose. the next economy will powered pai for everyday interactions, and project pai will the spark that helps this future community thrive. this presentation for informational purposes only. neither this presentation, nor anything this presentation, shall considered solicitation offer buy sell any security, future, option other financial instrument offer provide any investment advice service any person any jurisdiction. such, may not relied upon connection with any offer sale securities. nothing contained this presentation constitutes investment advice offers any opinion with respect the suitability any security, and the views expressed this presentation should not taken advice buy, sell hold any security. past performance not necessarily indicative future performance. any projections, market outlooks estimates this presentation are forward looking statements and are based upon certain assumptions and should not construed indicative the actual events which will occur. all material compiled from sources believed reliable, but accuracy cannot guaranteed. this material may not distributed persons other than the intended recipients. reproduction distribution all any this material strictly prohibited. references turing, computing machinery and intelligence. mind lanier, jaron. who owns the future?. simon and schuster, rosenthal, edward the right publicity. american bar association. intellectual property literature, august jain, nikhil. "pai." oben inc, https://jain.ai/. boneh, dan, and xavier boyen. "secure identity based encryption without random oracles."advances cryptology crypto vol. https://eprint.iacr.org//.pdf. google. "google cloud vision api." google, may https://cloud.google. com/vision. woo, willy. "using google trends estimate bitcoin's user growth." coindesk, march https://www.coindesk.com/using-google-trends-estimatebitcoins-user-growth/ southurst, jon. "it's still too hard get your first bitcoin." the daily dot, april https://www.dailydot.com/via/bitcoin-cryptocurrency-adoption-hard/. saunders, philip, and yonatan ben shimon. israel. "matchpool." matchpool, whitepaper, jan https://matchpool.co/. merkle, ralph protocols for public key cryptosystems. symposium security and privacy, april oakland, ca, ieee computer society, april