promotion chain counter difficulties facing traditional promotion industry creating decentralized promotion system preface promotion chain has come counter difficulties facing traditional promotion indu stry. developed with the support block chain technology. through decentrali zing promotion circle, promoters' community and task-based credit accumulation system, can achieve win-win results for customers and promoters, redefine the dustry promotion, develop layout worldwide promotional strategy and mak difference with promotion. contents sub title status-quo and problems promotion promotion chain solutions decentralized promotion ecosystem world-class platform and promotion block chain projects allocation tokens status-quo and problems promotion status-quo and problems promotion promotion inevitable topic today's commodity economy system. especially era internet economy featuring information explosion, the promotion and exposure products are the foundation for effective brand promotion and the rise brand awareness. they are well must for businesses make profit. conventional promotion relations cannot match with advanced promotion capacity and profitability the intermediate link depends monopoly, users and promoters cannot acquire their due return, which considerably contains the development the macro-economy. status-quo and problems promotion promotion has become the bottle neck economic development complex promotion procedure with low efficiency tedious reconciliation process and severe data contamination tradition promotion industry lacks universal norms and loose structure and poorly organized. different promotion distributors have different docking cycle and rules and standards. there are too many links between agents different levels. these problems have lengthened the promotion cycle and waste resources. the reconciliation and settlement processes current promotion industry are fairly complex, resulting the fact that the settlement not finished time and huge amount bad debt caused. data and capital are kept long stock, which contribute low efficiency information and fund flow. lack market analysis ability and dev iation from promotional objectives low industry transparency res ulting difficulty standard management under the current system, there information isolation under diversified economic structure, any product has its targeted customers. yet, promoters are usually not good market analysis product, targeted customers are not met, the group with demand not fully covered and the customer conversion rate falls. between manufacturers, promoters and users. transparency lacked promotion, setting obstacles for supervision and management. result, can frequently seen that manufacturers give short quantity and are arrears with fees and promoters counterfeit the quantity. effective promotional behaviors are hard protected. status-quo and problems promotion traditional promotional structure has led many limitations for manufacturers and promoters. manufacturers cannot acquire authentic feedback timely manner and promotion effects are not promotional structure guaranteed, which has given rise unbalanced input-output ratios. promoters are underpaid due the exploitation intermediate manufactures agents and have little decision-making power over product promotion. tasks are highly complicated and risky. the weakest link defines the strength chain. revolution urgently needed the promoters promotion industry! revolution urgently needed the promotion industry! promotion chain solutions promotion chain solutions promotion chain applies block chain technology the promotion industry. develops very simple structure "product--customer" through decentralizing the structure this industry, thus creating global promotion ecosystem featuring win-win results for users and promoters the block chain era. product manufacturers capital loss low efficiency level-one agent level-n agent promoters promoters' community product manufacturers task-based rewardi mechanism omotion circle app users join the community promotion chain solutions decentralize promotion circle app promote tokens and credits message oadcast product xchange reward prom otion task release task claiming managem ent credit changes community centives decentralize promotion circle app promoters manufa cturers promotion chain solutions promoters' community promotion task board community ward promoters' community manufa cturers release mining principle promotion promotion credits wall promotion task board claiming prom oters prom otion users pche fen decentralized promo tion ecosystem decentralized promotion ecosystem reshaping the identity manufacturers under existing industrial structure, product manufacturers have almost controlling power over promotional behaviors. promotion only relies previous experience, money input and luck. therefore, promotional effects cannot guaranteed. tui yan zhe she product man ufacturers current industr ial structure unclear whereabo uts fund and nsatisfying promo tional effect product man ufacturers promotion chain independent promotional strategy authentic effect feedback significant increase user base decentralized promotion ecosystem manufacturer's identity reshaped nder promotion chain system: manufacturers can draw promotion asks and rules their own with promotio circle app. promotion circle app broadcast increase product exposure and number users promoters' community, thus achieving added alue. promotion task mechanism has ime-stamp and tamper-resistance, that promotional results are aut hentic, costs are lowered and effici ency raised. the transparency promotion hain can help achieve product copy right protection, brand value creati and adding and wider influence. decentralized promotion ecosystem raised value promoters under existing promotion model, promoters are restrained intermediate links, they have say products and can not make any decision. they are faced with not only low returns but also arrears cut payment. previous agent passive choice low efficiency low efficiency promoters' community task board independent choice users high efficiency decentralized promotion ecosystem promotion chain, promoters will exert more influence products and create more value: credits wall available the whole network. smart contract, credits accumulation, and can facilitate effective promotion and quick settlement, protect promoter rights and diversify profitability means. promotion task board can provide the most up-to-dated and comprehensive task information. promoters can select appropriate projects promote, the promotion process more targeted and less complex. the deposit rules promoters' community can effectively increase product reliability manufacturers and guarantee stable income for promoters. the promotion tokens has value-adding its nature, promoters will acquire decent revenues the community keeps expanding. world-class platform and promotion block chain projects world-class platform and promotion block chain projects globalization further deepens, "strengthening cooperation fractured world" proposed the annual meeting davos has become new topic the area economy. promotion the block chain era also calls for world-class landscape and long-term oriented insight. the team promotion chain have ten years global promotion experience with considerable cooperation resources including overseas media media and social networks such facebook, twitter, google+ and youtube. the team provides promotion services multiple dimensions for products globally based big data analysis and targeted launch, which solid foundation world-class decentralized promotion platform. global brand incubation plan top quality design high-quality promotion prerequisite for the forming brand. decentralized promotion platform can bring significant rise brand value for manufacturers. and more manufacturers settling can turn help this platform with its global enlargement, which can facilitate the formation decentralized global brand incubation pool. "promoters' planet" conception promoters are the foundation the promotion industry. promoters' community the utopia set for promoters. with the globalization promoters' community will come "promoters' planet" which everyone promotes and everyone gains. world-class platform and promotion ock chain projects the promotion chain aimed developing world-class platform, building bridge win-win and mutual benefit for manufacturers and promoters, and creating decentralized global promotion system that free threshold and resistance. expansion promotion chain: promotion block chain projects the year critical year for the development block chain. more and more cross-platform teams have joined this industry. however, current block chain projects have such problems limited audience and promotion ways, leading difficulty for highquality projects attract users. the promotion chain first brought the idea driving the development block chain with block chain technology, creating ecosystem for the promotion block cross-region cross-ch ain chain projects. the aim tackle difficulties promotion for more block chain teams. attraction users promoters' ethereum packet built the promotion cross-platform, cross-region and community. there are lots block chain circle app. functions including user profiles cross-chain. can seamlessly docked users the promoters' community, which and candy distribution the promotion with other block chain projects, lowering innate advantage the promotion block chain projects can completed with conversion cost for users. block chain projects. smart contract. allocation tokens allocation tokens mining: billion pcs. the yield comes from effective promotion product users. the rule for the fir year, for the second, halving year year. mini com muni pe: billion pcs. part pcs are used for the infr astructure construction and early-stage operation pro motion chain pro moti tea taxa tion team: billion pcs. used sharing out bonus wit partners and paying for employee salary. will stributed respectively two years. promotion: billion pcs. will distributed first year, the second, the third and the fourth respectively. will used the global promotion the promotion chain including roadshows, exhibitions and cooperation with media. billion pcs community: billion pcs. this reward for manufac turers and users for their promotion. axation and legal affairs: million pcs. token allocation plan and lock address community reward xddfdffbbdbdb one-time unlock has been released team/ legal xbedfbfafeaefcbaabcc tax and legal share will one-time unlocked ,,pc has been released team share will unlocked two years ,,pc has been released ,,pc will released promotion ,,pc community reward ,,,pc team/ legal ,,,pc promotion xeeeffdfaebdf promotion share will unlocked four years ,,pc has been released ,,pc will released ,,pc will released ,,pc will released thank you