abstract: this whitepaper describes comprehensive platform for remote online real estate transactions using smart contracts. propy proposed implementation this platform, which intends reduce reliance intermediaries while improving liquidity and security. contents introduction........................................................................................... background........................................................................................ the problem....................................................................................... the solution....................................................................................... blockchain new standard for property registries......... technology limitations................................................................... smart contracts for the existing legal framework............. towards decentralized system.......................................... regulation change........................................................................... propy platform v............................................................................... propy online property store...................................................... propy registry global title registry........................................ propy registry smart contracts architecture............. complementary software components................................... propy explorer........................................................................ api libraries............................................................................. data standards....................................................................... transaction platform v.. prototype workflow................... propy platform for decentralized sales........................ overview........................................................................................... smart contracts participants..................................................... workflow......................................................................................... business model..................................................................................... propy token (pro)................................................................................. introduction................................................................................... registry fees..................................................................................... token flow overview.................................................................... economic model............................................................................. propy registry fee usage............................................................... network growth............................................................................ donations......................................................................................... company............................................................................................ conclusion............................................................................................. propy white paper introduction background throughout history, real estate has arguably served the most stable store value. together with labor, adam smith noted the wealth nations, land serves not only store but producer wealth. real estate's popularity over the years has been derived from the fact that not only land typically asset which nearly always appreciates value, but also often income-producing asset, generating further capital wealth for its owners. while beneficial for th-century nobles find safe place store value, real estate's illiquidity nowadays presents significant inefficiencies for investors, especially those buying properties abroad. despite these inefficiencies, the overseas property market significant and growing. between and the demand for cross-border real estate transactions increased from billion billion. believe this market should and can much, much larger. the problem today, the global real estate market worth trillion and makes more than half the value all mainstream assets worldwide. one great differentiator between real estate and other major asset classes liquidity. compared exchange-traded securities such equities and government bonds, real estate markets are not organized efficient other markets, with incredibly slow transaction times and less efficient price discovery mechanisms. result, substantial capital trapped less liquid investments, often concentrated certain geographic areas devoid domestic investment opportunities. while many investors with excess liquidity would welcome the opportunity invest foreign real estate assets, there are currently substantial impediments such investment activity. china excellent example this problem. currently, chinese citizens are among the largest groups foreign investor the u.s. real estate smith, the wealth nations. savills, around the world dollars and cents. savills, around the world dollars and cents. propy white paper introduction market. chinese investors own over billion u.s. residential property. however, the total value the u.s. residential real estate market over trillion. foreign investment the u.s. residential sector could potentially equal hundreds billions dollars foreign investors were properly educated how invest and provided with the facility to, among other things, close real estate transactions online. the current market, chinese who intend invest foreign real estate mainly rely family and friends obtain referrals local brokers, who turn work with international brokers selling property. this process time-consuming, involves too many intermediaries, and often, the property the buyers are seeking for sold another investor before the process complete. the core the problem the lack international standards comprehensively available platforms for the electronic transfer and recording real estate. each country (and some cases, the united states, even individual counties) maintains its own registry and establishes national (or local) rules for property deed registration and transfers. moreover, legacy property rights registry systems were developed handle local real estate transfers but are ill-equipped handle international ownership transfers. result, there inferior experience for people both sides the marketplace. additionally, the informality procedures prevalent certain jurisdictions makes them particularly susceptible fraud tampering. there currently single tool available that allows property investor research, pay for, and reliably secure and record ownership international property online. the solution propy aims solve the problems facing international real estate transactions creating novel unified property store and asset transfer platform for the global real estate industry. initially the propy registry will mirror official land registry records which transfers real estate are recorded. ultimately, however, propy's vision that jurisdictions will adopt the propy registry their official ledger record such that the transfer property the global elite buys trophy apartments. financial times. how much every home america worth? lot. zillow research. propy white paper introduction propy registry constitutes the legal transfer the property and the legal registration that transfer. leveraging propy registry and propy's smart contracts platform, unnecessary delays and impediments inherent legacy property rights registrations systems could eliminated. the propy platform seeks enhance the security transactions while reducing inefficiencies through its innovative use mobile, cloud and blockchain technologies linking buyers, sellers, investors and registries around the world. blockchain new standard for property registries blockchain technology holds great promise for range industries and use cases, including real estate. blockchain type shared database, the contents which are verified and agreed upon network independent actors. order for new piece data (such the new owner transferred property) added the blockchain, the independent verifiers must come consensus its validity. because each new set transactions "block") cryptographically linked the previous block, extraordinarily difficult change data stored blockchain and any such change would readily detectable. thus blockchains are widely considered immutable and thus can serve record proof ownership. when transacting blockchain platform, each user makes use public address (needed for other actors the network send transaction that user), and cryptographically paired "private key." private keys are used sign transactions digitally, form authentication ensure that given user has genuinely generated transaction. blockchain relatively new technology. the first implementation blockchain, bitcoin, launched the ethereum blockchain was released addition the distributed ledger capability the bitcoin blockchain, the ethereum blockchain allows so-called "smart contracts," which are programs stored the ethereum blockchain that can act autonomously execute sophisticated transactions. "ethereum whitepaper", https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/white-paper, propy white paper introduction the rise ethereum and other smart contract platforms has allowed the creation decentralized applications, dapps. dapp application whose entire partial backend code runs decentralized ledger with user interface facilitate interaction with the blockchain code. code written the blockchain publically accessible, and since the code running multiple computers, there central point failure. blockchain currently considered one the most secure technologies for digital asset transfer due its distributed nature and use sophisticated cryptography. smart contacts, therefore, offer potential solution for the management real estate transactions via the introduction universal, distributed ledger that does not require trust single third party. technology limitations the main limitations blockchain technology today are: transaction time, which currently ten minutes average for bitcoin (blockchain.info) and seventeen seconds average for ethereum (ethstats.net); the cost for each transaction/smart contract execution; and the limited ability the network interface with real-world information. despite these limitations, propy believes that blockchain technology well suited solution conduct real estate transactions, because the number transactions real estate trading relatively low due the nature the sector and the relatively high value real estate assets. addition the current transaction time for recording blockchain not limitation for the propy's solution because otherwise requires weeks months acquire property and complete transfer ownership. "your first dapp", https://dappsforbeginners.wordpress.com/tutorials/your-first-dapp/, propy white paper introduction smart contracts for the existing legal framework propy's engineering team has designed real estate transaction tool powered smart contracts, combining solutions from the legal, blockchain and payments industries. using blockchain technology, propy has prototyped some the core technology that will become the propy registry dapp that allows each party real estate transaction including the broker, buyer, seller and title agent/notary--to sign off transaction for properties located california, which propy's intended first market. the workflow the processes has been built meet the market rules within the legacy property rights registry systems currently existing the state california. the goal launching the propy platform only california first allow the current prototype narrowly focused driving consumer testing, adoption and improvements within closed test market. thereupon, propy will seek implement the propy solution and drive continuous rapid growth throughout key markets around the world. ultimately, the propy registry will make possible for every single step real estate transaction, from the buyer's reservation the property the signing the purchase agreements for the delivery the title deeds, recorded blockchain and executed with smart contracts. however, due blockchain's new and innovative nature, propy recognizes the existence regulatory and infrastructure limitations the current technology applicable real estate transactions and the process building multi-stage solution gradually phased over time. the first iteration the propy dapp (which includes centralized interface and decentralized smart contracts) intends streamline existing real estate market processes by, among other things, reducing the need rely the multiple intermediaries currently involved the real estate transactions. while aspects the process will partly decentralized, will primarily make the current real estate transfer process easier manage and more transparent. develops, propy intends transition towards pure decentralized system that obviates the need for most the existing intermediaries involved real estate transactions today. note that certain intermediaries performing physical functions such property inspection will remain part the transaction process least the immediately propy white paper introduction foreseeable future. the final stage that evolution would the adoption the propy registry the legal ledger record for real estate title transfers given jurisdiction. based the founders' many years crossborder property purchase experience date, anticipate that emerging markets, hungry for investments real estate and less encumbered entrenched special interests, such bureaucracy, corruption and too many intermediaries, will see the benefits pure transaction model. propy has already begun the process accelerating this transition across multiple metropolitan markets talking governments, local lawyers and local real estate players. the team has developed network brokers the uae, uk, u.s. and pipeline international customers from asia. figure development roadmap. propy white paper introduction towards decentralized system traditionally, international standards are established via conventions, laws and regulations enacted governments. result the lack standards with international scope, the current electronic land title registry solutions function multiple incompatible sets siloed data which must manually parsed and translated work with external platforms. the propy registry can solve that problem. order so, and for the propy registry ultimately deliver its full promise, will need transition from ledger that mirrors official land registry ledgers being the official ledger record. for government adopt this technology, would need recognize the legality the electronic deeds and the ledger. propy actively engaging with local and state governments accelerate the acceptance the propy registry legally valid ledger record for real estate transfers. additionally, propy working with the governments several emerging countries where, due systems' inefficiencies, corruption and the lack regulatory complexity, transition new system expected more straightforward; the specific countries disclosed due course partnerships are confirmed. regulation change there are two possible legislative environments are currently preparing for: the first one would the current context, where governments recognize their legacy databases the exclusive legal evidence ownership. this environment, propy intends initially conduct business and thus, the current development propy geared towards mirroring government records the blockchain with the goal providing platform for foreign real estate investors conveniently and remotely carry out property transactions. the propy registry acts source fast delivered evidence property transfer for brokers and serves mirror the ownership transfers currently taking place the title registries the targeted markets (u.s., uk, uae). brokers who focus foreign real estate investments, have expressed the need have available technology that could allow propy white paper introduction the online processing real estate purchases with the additional layers security that the propy registry intends provide. the second legislative environment would arise when progressive governments start recognizing the benefits ownership transfers blockchain more desirable alternative instead trying continue enhance the existing real estate registries. the widespread adoption blockchain system manage real estate titles positions propy provide sole, decentralized source validation for real estate transactions. before propy: offline steps registry bank escrow agent* title deed buyer portals manual processing ownership verification title agent* ownership recording land registry seller attorney for title delay risk bank notary title insurance and title agent are relevant for the us. some countries the role the title agents played others, i.e. notary and lawyers. figure legacy title transfer. propy white paper propy platform propy consists multiple software components, further described below. propy online property store propy online global real estate store, allowing buyers, sellers, brokers, and escrow/title agents/notaries come together through the utilization suite smart contracts facilitate transactions. propy provides network for these actors connect with each other and conduct real estate purchases online. the culmination the transaction digital transfer ownership the propy registry. for more information about these processes and smart contracts, please refer section the date this paper, the propy dapp has been developed allow users find properties and initiate the purchase process. the current system consists the following features and primary functions: web-based platform propy ios app propy; messenger; localization site and application available chinese, russian, and arabic; brokers' activity (check-ins, reviews); module for data aggregation and standardization property listings. currently works with eight types data feeds; off-market subscription providing access locked property listings; neighbourhood data: air-pollution, walk score, schools; and reservation fee payment. propy white paper propy platform the existing product uses the following technology: server: with .net web api service, mongodb database with two replica sets, oauth authentication, all services hosted microsoft azure; ios application client: objectivec, supports all phones with minimum version ios https://itunes.apple/us/app/propybuy-rent-properties/id?mt=; website, www.propy.com: asp.net mvc react.js; and web-based transaction platform prototype: open ethereumbased blockchain, java, web, truffle. the future, propy intends use distributed database store listings intermediate step along the way decentralized solution. the mobile app and the desktop application would have digital wallet store propy utility tokens (pros) and users would able store those wallets the pros that they collect via the rewards programs that are further described section below. propy white paper propy platform propy registry global title registry each property has unique title that serves evidence ownership. the ownership properties usually tracked the recordation such titles organized property registries which are managed regional governmental organizations. previously discussed, propy aims develop the propy registry with the ultimate goal becoming global registry for title deed ownership information, which would made available worldwide entities, similar dns system for website domains. with propy and blockchain title deed buyers' banks payment ownership verification buyer approve unified distributed ledger with smart contracts current title land registry ownership recording payment title deed seller sellers'banks figure interaction transaction participants via the blockchain, described further detail section domain name servers (dns) are the internet's equivalent phone book. they maintain directory domain names and translate them internet protocol (ip) addresses. propy white paper propy platform the propy registry evolves into system that enables buyers validate real estate transactions legally, propy intends include modular system allow regional governments provide country-specific rules and regulations related real estate transactions that would incorporated into the propy's smart contracts platform. the set smart contracts developed date are able assist executing real estate purchase within the current market and legal infrastructure california, i.e. compliance with rules and policies escrow and title companies and compliance with the california laws governing the recording and purchase process rules. propy registry smart contracts architecture propy registry consists multiple contracts interacting with each other, and follows microservices architecture approach. each contract responsible for single type record the system. each contract contains functions that allow the creation and modification records, contract updates and other administrative functions. the list contracts that have been developed date and brief description their functions are listed below: title contract: responsible for storing and updating property metadata the blockchain; and the pros are used unlock the services within the propy platform that would permit creating and updating property records. deed contract: manages relevant information for escrow services; tracks and initiates the invitation participants the transaction (i.e. title agent); and requires pros create and update deed related records. microservice architecture method developing software applications suite independently deployable, small, modular services which each service runs unique process and communicates through well-defined, lightweight mechanism serve business goal. propy white paper propy platform smart contracts title contract deed contract identity contract titles deeds identities administrator pub. key (propy) administrator pub. key (propy) administrator pub. key (propy) propy website app identity verification registry administrator ecdsa private key ecdsa private key title deed recording recording office land registry identity data (private) transfer notary office title company figure interaction between the propy smart contracts and the real world data. identity contract: stores multiple records with identity information for all users the system; and contains kyc features for verifying legal identity. propy white paper propy platform the list contracts which are currently under development and brief description their functions are listed below: agreements contract: stores instances various legal agreements (purchase agreements, inspection reports, disclaimers), that need digitally signed for deed transactions. electronic signatures contract: stores digital signatures for all documents, participating the propy registry; allows having multiple signatories acting different capacities the same document; and validates digital signature's format. identity title name signature address status current owner deed seller_id buyer_id status* propy_id status: waiting for deposit security deposit received full payment received payment released agreements doc type deed role whitelist electronic signature agreement role signature signature hash person role figure smart contracts architecture. propy white paper propy platform payments contract: manages the initiation payment requests. tracks status payment requests. confirms authenticity payments using variations spv algorithm (simplified payment verification). specific implementations will vary depending each payment processor. escrow contracts: contains escrow/title agent functionality (adding data about the escrow account number, title transfer signing). allows verified escrow agent lock and release payments. individual parties contracts: related particular real person. contains kyc features. the fig. diagram visualizes the information, roles and interaction between each the smart contracts, described above. the following participants are involved different capacities the smart contracts: seller buyer broker escrow/title agent (or notary) recording office (or title registry) money transmitter real estate inspector complementary software components propy will seek develop number complementary software components for the propy registry accelerate the growth the network. propy white paper propy platform propy explorer the contract explorer, propy explorer, open and extensible front end which acts gateway for accessing information about properties and transactions the propy registry, well propy utility tokens. for more details about propy utility tokens, please see section propy explorer intends provide sleek interface, within which users can search within the propy registry. propy explorer receives data from two locations: propy's central database, and propy registry. propy registry only handles real estate title ownership, while more sizeable data, such images, property description, purchase agreement content, come from propy's central database (storage may decentralized the future). users view transactions within those databases through propy explorer. propy explorer global listing statistics search active properties properties owners transactions total spent spent this payout period address status change value estimate address status change value estimate active users name properties name properties name properties recent transactions address status change value estimate ownership purchased by: name properties figure propy explorer mockup. propy white paper propy platform api libraries propy developing api libraries enable easy access registry data for third-party applications. the libraries interact directly with the smart contracts and not rely the availability the propy website other centralized components. data standards propy plans develop standards for storing real estate title deeds the blockchain, which would consist set metadata such the address, owner details, right typology, property typology, coordinates, property condition. the propy team has extensive experience and in-depth knowledge the real estate market the u.s., european countries, the middle east and china. that experience intended help build universal data standards, constructed from the metadata enumerated above, that can adopted globally. propy standards and developer's apis are intended empower entire ecosystem real estate applications. propy has undertaken the challenging mission developing industryaccepted data standards for real estate transactions, being cognizant the present obstacles associated with interoperable data and metadata that have been growing industries such for example geospatial technologies (open geospatial consortium), electronics (sematech), medical devices, and other activities. typically, interoperability standards definitions proceed most successfully through strategic mixture of: mapping the ecosystem stakeholders who generate, use, analyze and repurpose the data; designing prototype platform demonstrating the economic and technical costs, risks and inability reuse trust data exchanged its pre-standardized form; identifying early adopters and innovative thinkers across the ecosystem for whom the costs and risks are burden, and propy white paper propy platform whom whom innovative uses standardized data would benefit; mapping the transactional flow data, typical use case, order see how the data already defined standardized specific processes "trusted use"; extracting the trustworthy data definitions, and creating concordance (often via apis) order tag trusted data the process that created used it; developing the technical specifications for qualifying the standardized data and metadata; proposing the standard data definitions the stakeholders who operate, use rely the business process; and seeking iso other international standards setting organizational approval the standards that iso-compliant software, hardware and services can expand the supply, demand and utility standardized interoperable data. transaction platform v.. prototype workflow below description the main flow activities expected occur the propy platform currently envisioned for real estate purchase california: buyer finds property for sale the propy dapp. buyer provides flat reservation fee (approximately $,) ensure that she has legitimate interest purchasing property. broker sends the notification seller about the offer submitted buyer and invites the seller get registered propy close the deal. seller accepts the deposit, and thus the offer. buyer and seller both provide kyc/aml documentation. the kyc process outsourced third party provider such civic. purchase and sale agreement generated propy and sent the parties. the title contract establishes the parameters the transaction order comply with applicable regional regulations. propy performs ownership verification propy registry via escrow/ title agent participation propy's system. propy white paper propy platform buyer receives notification that ownership has been verified and signs the agreement electronically. the price proposed the buyer accepted the seller, she will proceed electronically execute the agreement. the buyer connection with the property purchase opted perform property inspection (and appraisal), then within seven days, propy would provide, additional cost, inspection report prepared third-party service provider. money transferred escrow account, set escrow/title agent the dashboard propy dapp, either one transfer deposit and installments. fiat currency will used. propy generates the payment form for buyer and tracks the payment with its payment processor partner(s). propy marks payment received payment smart contract status once the wire transfer arrives per notification the payment processor partner(s). propy verifies again the ownership the propy registry ledger and via third parties such title company and records the asset transfer the propy registry "pending" mode, notifies the recording office and sends the blockchain hash the recording office and all the other parties involved. prepare property for the transaction. propy notifies seller and buyer that the funds have been received and ownership clean and "pending." sign electronic transfer title deed with escrow/title agent. propy generates title form for buyer and seller sign. seller accepts and signs title transfer contract the escrow/ title agent's office (or e-notary the future). buyer accepts and signs the title transfer contract/ e-notary verification takes place title agent signs the deed. transferring property ownership. escrow agent submits the sale closing documents recording office. recording office changes ownership records. propy issues own electronic title deed with blockchain hash and code the buyer (all the documents collected during the transaction besides the title deed are enforceable. believe this will catalyst for the propy title deed become enforceable well). propy white paper propy platform recording office issues the physical title deed via mail the buyer. escrow agent distributes money seller, brokers and itself and via the dashboard propy notifies about the completion this step. deed smart contract after the notification from step marks the transaction "completed" the propy registry (shows transaction here). post conditions: property's ownership changed from seller buyer propy registry. recording office propy blockchain payment, documents signing, ect transaction started create e-deed transaction for title xxx has started update title status locked e-deed created documents processing documents processing completed deed executed, title finalized deed approved figure propy title issuance and recording within the existing ecosystem. propy white paper propy platform for decentralized sales overview the following description technology and processes represents propy's goals for the future and subject change based regulatory and market requirements. mentioned previously, the ultimate vision propy not merely operate within the existing real estate legal infrastructure, but disrupt the legacy system providing far superior solution. the propy team has developed idea for advanced real estate transaction services, provided that the legal environment catches with this disruptive new blockchain technology. the propy registry, property store and other services will achieve its full promise and when land registries are modernized support this technology and recognize the propy registry effectuating binding and legally enforceable change title. among the things that need happen make this possible are: digital signature public blockchain need recognized legally binding. identity system needs adopted, would associate individuals with specific blockchain address (eid cards with biometry one the options). each government agency, participating real estate transaction, should have smart contract-based api (especially crucial for entities charge property taxes estimation and collection). all records from real estate land registries should migrate the blockchain. smart contracts participants below list the participants that need involved the smart contracts: seller buyer notary e-notary government validator broker (optional) real estate inspector (optional) propy white paper propy platform for decentralized sales workflow the workflow below gives high level overview how real estate transaction would work: seller lists property the propy dapp. buyer finds property propy dapp that matches his criteria. buyer submits offer via smart contract the registry subject minimum legally compliant conditions (including specifying whether include inspection report). seller accepts offer signing with their digital signature. intermediaries perform their actions (inspection and other requirements the smart contract, provided the buyer). once the conditions mentioned above are met smart contract triggers the payment system for buyer pay cryptocurrency (any currency can supported). smart contract accepts the payment and transfer the ownership the new owner the propy registry once all terms and conditions are met. mentioned (), are making the system modular and letting buyers provide number conditions and inspection requirements. such circumstance, the third party involved satisfying the conditions signs the smart contract with digital signature. system notifies intermediaries intermediaries carry out their respective actions, and notify the system that their actions are complete buyer submits offer for property seller accepts offer intermediaries buyer propy registry blockchain seller property changes ownership propy registry cryptocurrency moved from buyer seller figure transactions the propy dapp propy white paper business model propy has very simple and scalable business model. when property purchased the propy network, propy takes small percentage the final purchase price. propy charges real estate brokers per transaction for using propy's technology and tools. payment will initially made fiat currencies, and cryptocurrencies are plan added over time the jurisdictions where possible so. with $bn market size all cross-border real estate acquisitions and dispositions trading annually, the addressable market for propy significant. the percentage that propy takes from the final purchase price can smaller than the one currently charged the existing intermediaries the real estate disposition process. future expansions the propy. com platform plan eliminate multiple intermediaries, which would progressively decrease transaction cost over time. "cross-border capital flows thrive world grows older", jll, propy white paper propy token (pro) introduction the pro tokens are designed used unlock smart contract for title transfer the propy registry. pro tokens are built the erc- token standard, which allows for simple integration into users' wallets. the essential and obligatory steps for real estate acquisition propy registry includes the execution the deed contract and title contract, which are necessary for the transfer property title and the recording the change ownership. the propy registry, will require the use pros pay the associated "registry fees" record these modification blockchain. using pros the propy platform intended simple and user friendly. users would initiate the writing new data the propy registry via propy's interface, whether that data would result the creation new title, transferring title already recorded the system. such, the use pros will necessary access the services provided the propy platform, would act as: uniform method settlement for interacting with propy registry, which reduces time delays and independence from any particular fiat currency. decentralized registry requires some barrier entry initiate transactions, otherwise the propy network would overloaded with unnecessary records. the usage pros crucial for the network order prevent spam. requests write new information the network were free, attackers could repeatedly send faulty requests; this 'blockchain bloat' would prevent genuine requests from reaching validators the network. propy white paper propy token (pro) registry fees defined section .., the following contracts will require fee payment: title contract for all operations, that require creation and updates title records. deed contract for all operations, associated with creation and updates deeds. the company will develop method insure that the registry fees remain within reasonable range relative comparable services priced fiat. token flow overview the specific flow pros would slightly different for users who already own pros than for those who not the time the property purchase. the users who not own pros have buy them the third party marketplaces order transact. below description the basic flow pros: once buyer has selected property buy, will initiate the transaction via the propy website/application. buyer goes through the kyc process, identity record will created identity contract. buyer would then make reservation fee payment fiat and pay the registry fees pros (see section .). records the deed and title contracts are intended unlocked and executed the purchase process occurs. the collected pros are intended distributed per section economic model the pros have fixed supply million. the entire supply tokens will issued the beginning the token sale. new tokens cannot created and the existing ones cannot destroyed. therefore, demand rises, there corollary increase supply. propy white paper propy token (pro) the pro will necessary utilize the propy registry regardless whether accessed through the utilization propy services third party interface. propy registry fee usage the pros paid for the registry fees would distributed follows: would distributed the company and would added the network growth pool (as defined section .). network growth initially, the total supply pros would reserved for network growth. additionally, the network growth pool will receive pros collected from all the transactions described section the network growth pool pros would used incentivize the engagement users the platform. propy users would receive rewards pros when undertaking certain actions the platform. for example, when broker, home buyer, home seller joins the platform, they would receive reward pros for doing so. this reward system intends encourage the adoption the propy platform worldwide. more users join the platform, there could associated increase the number real estate transactions performed the platform. propy also intends make distributions pros from the network growth development pool governments and other large institutional actors incentivize the utilization the platform. propy expects that this would accelerate the realization propy's vision propy white paper propy token (pro) the acceptance the propy registry universal, decentralized legal ledger for real estate ownership. donations propy aware that blockchain technology not yet mature enough handle the load implied millions users, billions transactions. while current network performance and infrastructure predicted sufficient for the future expansion and utilization the propy registry, propy recognizes the importance continued protocol-level development help achieve the ubiquitous usage blockchain technology and support the load implied millions users and billions transactions. pursuit our vision, are reserving the total supply pros for donations different organizations within the blockchain ecosystem support the improvement blockchain infrastructure that can also meet the transactional requirements propy and the propy registry scale. part this effort, propy plans donate the foundations such ethereum foundation support their research and development towards scalability. additionally, propy plans make donations support educational efforts blockchain. propy also intends support hackathons, solidity educational programs, and blockchain courses. the donation tokens will distributed foundations selected the company within three months after the crowdsale end date, the condition that the donation tokens will locked for twelve months after the crowdsale end date. after they are unlocked, the donation tokens can used the foundations follows: support development blockchain and widespread integration. support research towards blockchain scalability and identity. support education efforts blockchain technology. propy white paper propy token (pro) company million the total supply pros intended reserved for the company unders following conditions: million development tokens will immediately available for use the company; million development tokens will locked for months from the crowdsale end date; million development tokens will locked for months from the crowdsale end date; million development tokens will locked for months after the crowdsale end date. once unlocked, the company reserves the right use the development tokens for any purposes its sole discretion. company elects sell any the development tokens, the company will sell such tokens for price less than the price per token, and the company may elect provide bonus tokens the purchasers such tokens, but the bonus rate will not exceed propy white paper conclusion propy's vision ultimately enable global real estate market with unified real-time purchase interface and decentralized title registry. being designed allow real estate assets become more liquid while providing users with greater control over the transaction process. achieve that goal, propy intends further the development new ecosystem token holders, brokers, governments and end users incentivized support the transition seamless, secure, and globally recognized real estate transaction network. propy expects that succeeds carrying out its vision the following will occur: anticipated that brokers and real estate corporations will progressively start using the propy platform access foreign buyers easier way and able close transactions nearly instantly and securely online. governmental entities, notaries and title companies need system transfer data among each other and combat fraud and, some cases, corruption global real estate markets. propy proposes that governments could use the propy platform improve the transparency local real estate markets and therefore improved attractiveness for foreign investors. finally, most importantly, the consumers buyers and sellers will able buy and sell real estate assets faster, cheaper, and more securely. propy white paper