cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus bond edition no. june th, contents overview summary updates for xchf definitions terms the cryptofranc bond (xchf -) swiss crypto tokens (sct) financials outsourcing partner signing for and redeeming xchf tokens economics fees interest legal implementation technical implementation closing statement risk factors related cryptofranc bond appendix sct trade register confirmation appendix sct financials appendix subscription form (exemplary only) appendix redemption form (exemplary only) cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus version june th, overview this document informs subscribers the cryptofranc bond accordance with article the swiss code obligations and documents the terms the bond. the cryptofranc bond (xchf fixed term bond with automatic renewal rollover clause issued the ethereum blockchain swiss crypto tokens (sct). one blockchain-based bond token worth one swiss franc (chf) maturity, creating relationship between xchf and chf xchf chf). the main purpose the cryptofranc serve liquidity instrument for the swiss crypto ecosystem. for example, bitcoin (btc) trader could use temporarily transfer funds into cryptofrancs swiss startup could use raise funds its accounting currency instead using volatile crypto currencies. neither intended used long-term storage swiss francs, nor used means payment for everyday transactions. the bond has term one month. the bondholder does not explicitly choose redeem the bond maturity, converts into the subsequent cryptofranc bond (xchf free charge. the rollover case, action needs taken the bond holders the smart contract the previous bond reused with adjusted terms. the subsequent bond might again exchanged under similar conditions, potentially creating long chain short-term bonds managed the same smart contract. the terms the subsequent bonds are announced early enough (typically about two weeks advance) allow the bond holder reach informed decision whether he/she wishes actively redeem passively convert his/her holdings into the subsequent bond. such announcements are done the website: www.swisscryptotokens.ch (where the prospectus published) well the blockchain emitting according event. the interest rate the cryptofranc bond p.a. subsequent cryptofranc bond series might come with negative interest rate set the sole discretion the issuer, within below the swiss national banks (snb) average rate sight deposits. such interests are applied means "melting", which contractually agreed and automatically enforced, gradual destruction fraction the bond that corresponds the interest rate. sct plans keep the interest least the next three series the bond p.a. issuance and redemption are subject fee, set for xchf cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus version june th, like other innovative financial products, the xchf comes with various known and unknown risks. while designed much less risky than traditional crypto currencies such bitcoin ether, not risk-free. while sct holds capital reserves back the bond with real value and currently has equity worth chf '', cannot ruled out that these reserves deteriorate value, leading bankruptcy sct and subsequent loss for the bond holders. sct will audited grant thornton bank audit ltd., zurich. sct regularly publishes report its reserve holdings and changes therein, allowing bond holders reassess the risks. for this issuance the bond, the reserves will fully held cash only (physical bank notes bunkers book money bank accounts). further information about the bond can found the websites the issuer (www.swisscryptotokens.ch). summary updates for xchf facts about cryptofranc bond sct issued tokens june st, which are currently circulation existing tokens rolled subsequent bond without fee facts about updated cryptofranc bond sct plans issue bond units for the cryptofranc bond july tokens are redeemed until end june total tokens are expected circulation the following month. tokens are redeemed, the actual number tokens circulation will published updated prospectus and the website. issuance redemption fees: change interest: the latest report the cash and cash equivalent holdings grant thornton bank audit ltd. has been published the website. cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus version june th, definitions aml: anti-money laundering bond: cryptofranc bond btc: cryptocurrency bitcoin btcs: bitcoin suisse chf: swiss franc ec: end-customer using token like xchf eth: crypto asset ether the ethereum blockchain finma: swiss financial market supervisory authority gas: fuel pay computation ethereum blockchain paid eth ico: initial coin offering investors: participants end-customer investing into xchf issuer: swiss crypto tokens kyc: know your customer prospectus: this document, describing the cryptofranc bond and its terms snb: swiss national bank sct: swiss crypto tokens sct id: swiss crypto tokens end-customer number website: www.swisscryptotokens.ch xchf: may refer the current cryptofranc bond also more generally the whole series cryptofranc bonds that will potentially issued, depending the context xchf yy-mm: specific cryptofranc bond, issued the beginning month and year yy. xchf described this prospectus. https://kb.myetherwallet.com/gas/what-is-gas-ethereum.html cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus version june th, terms the cryptofranc bond (xchf general: the cryptofranc bond (xchf fixed term bond with automatic renewal rollover clause accordance with the swiss code obligations, with this prospect fulfilling the requirements article the bond has term one month. the bondholder does not explicitly choose redeem the bond maturity, automatically converts into subsequent cryptofranc bond free charge. the token itself does not change. issuer: swiss crypto tokens ag, see section "swiss crypto tokens (sct)" for details currency: swiss franc (chf) volume: chf denomination: chf, divisible digits issuance date: july st, issuance price: chf for xchf plus issuance fee participants: all swiss residents can take part, subject passing kyc aml checks. interested parties from other countries than switzerland are requested contact the issuer early enough check whether they are eligible participate. issuing: eligible participants can contact sct via website request xchf tokens. the subscription form and all required documents must handed least week before the issuance date. the funds must arrive with the issuer least days before the issuance date. the minimum subscription amount chf plus issuing fee. the subscription the bond subject passing kyc aml checks. form: the bond issued the form tokens the ethereum block- chain smart contract named "cryptofranc.eth", conforming the erc- standard. legally, these tokens are designed have similar properties physical certificates, including facto "good faith acquisition" and separation "possession" and "ownership". the chosen legal setup not without risk. see section "legal implementation" for further information. swiss code obligations: https://www.admin.ch/opc/en/classified-compilation//index.html#id-ni-ni cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus token classification: version june th, the cryptofranc qualifies asset token according the ico guidelines published finma. might also have some payment token characteristics, because can used means payment, and will thus likely also qualify payment token. other jurisdictions, the token might classified differently. duration maturity: month, with maturity date july st, redemption: the bond can redeemed maturity. the redemption form and all required documents must handed least week before maturity. the xchf tokens must arrive with the issuer least days before maturity. redemption fee chf (whichever higher) applies. the redemption the bond subject passing kyc aml checks. rollover conversion: some bondholders not choose redeem their holdings expiration, their holdings will automatically convert into the cryptofranc bond free charge. the terms for bond xchf are described separate prospectus, published the website around july th, along with the publication the prospectus, sct will call the "announcerollover" function the smart contract, thereby setting motion the automatic conversion maturity. note that sct not obliged issue any other bonds after xchf whether sct plans will announced the prospectus xchf case subsequent bond issued, all outstanding bonds must redeemed under the terms the most recently issued bond. interest rate: per year for xchf note that future series the cryptofranc bond could have negative interest rate applied means "melting", set the sole discretion the issuer. the intention for subsequent bonds have cap p.a. and floor within below the average snb rate sight deposits. melting: the interest gradually deducted terms the bond itself. when negative interest effect, the balances each address will continuously decline "melt". legally, "melting" does not constitute payment any other form transfer value, but agreed destruction parts the outstanding bond. note that melting can subject rounding errors and other inaccuracies due using discrete time steps (e.g. days) other numerical approximations. the relevant time stamps are those the ethereum system. see section "technical implementation" for details. https://www.finma.ch/en/news///-mm-ico-wegleitung/ cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus trading: version june th, the xchf listed crypto exchanges. please refer the list exchanges the website (https://www.swisscryptotokens.ch). fees: sct charges issuance and redemption fee defined section "fees interest". the issuance redemption fees are set .%. for transacting xchf, the usual fees the ethereum blockchain will apply (gas). these should expected somewhat higher than with plain erc- tokens due special features the smart contract. see section "technical implementation" for further information. jurisdiction: exclusive place jurisdiction zug, switzerland. the law appli- cable swiss law. also, even though this document written english, written the tradition the swiss legal system, where unlike other countries the intent behind legal document carries more weight than the literal interpretation. stamp duties: issuance and redemption xchf are not taxed. fur- thermore, the bond exempt from other forms stamp duties, money market instrument (geldmarktpapier). cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus version june th, swiss crypto tokens (sct) swiss crypto tokens (sct) was founded july with bitcoin suisse (btcs) being its majority shareholder. sct registered the canton zug, switzerland's "crypto valley". its purpose provide comprehensive services related the issuing tokens, including the issuance own such tokens. the cryptofranc bond described this prospectus the first token issued sct. the company set corporation (aktiengesellschaft) under swiss law with paid-in capital chf restricted registered shares with nominal value chf each) and led the ceo armin schmid. sct has participating certificates outstanding (genussscheine) and there have never been any dividends distributed due the recent foundation the company. the board director consists niklas nikolajsen and luzius meisser, whereas niklas nikolajsen serves chairman. sct member the swiss self-regulation organization (sro) vqf since november the board directors (bod) sct has decided june th, continue issue the cryptofranc bond general and the current xchf specifically. the bod will decide july subsequent cryptofranc bonds will issued and under which conditions. website: www.swisscryptotokens.ch address: grafenauweg zug, switzerland phone: email: info@swisscryptotokens.ch registration: che-.., see the commercial register zug (zg.chregister.ch) and appendix for further information. cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus version june th, financials sct was founded july therefore annual financial statement available. the first annual audited financial statement will published based the data sct self-funded with capital chf ''. the financials, based the audited interim statement september th, can found "appendix b". apart from the cryptofranc bond, there outstanding debt. also, sct commits not issue any debt with higher rank than the cryptofranc bond. note that the shareholders sct (including the majority shareholder bitcoin suisse ag) are under obligation whatsoever support sct the case financial distress. outsourcing partner sct free work with outsourcing partners render its services. currently, bitcoin suisse (btcs, www.bitcoinsuisse.ch) serves outsourcing partner for various services including kyc aml process for existing and new customers. bondholders agree, that btcs can process their personal data and share them with sct. btcs licensed financial intermediary incorporated switzerland, operating under swiss law and accordance with swiss aml regulations. btcs member vqf, officially recognized self-regulatory organization (sro), zug, switzerland. our storage partner swiss crypto vault (www.swisscryptovault.ch) operates proprietary hyper secure cold storage solution for institutional investors and hnwi applying highest standards cryptographic, and physical security well multi-party segregation and multi-signing features. cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus version june th, signing for and redeeming xchf tokens please contact sct via website www.swisscryptotokens.ch to: request subscribe xchf tokens (start subscription process) request return xchf tokens (start redemption process) btcs and sct have agency agreement place, based which btcs acts direct representative sct. btcs and sct have outsourcing agreement place, based which the client services btcs will perform the settlement the xchf transactions. subscription process: based the request received via website, sct will exchange all needed information. the subscription form and all required documents must handed least week before the issuance date. the funds chf must arrive with the issuer least days before the issuance date. the minimum subscription amount chf plus issuing fee. the subscription the bond subject passing kyc aml checks. the requestor, the end-customer (ec) will receive unique "swiss crypto tokens end-customer identification number" (sct id), which must added the fiat transaction guarantee the ownership the funds and track the transfer. the transaction xchf will started with test transaction verify public blockchain address the ec, followed the full amount. exemplary subscription process with information required can seen appendix updates may apply. cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus version june th, redemption process: the bond can redeemed maturity. based the request received via website, sct will exchange all needed information. the redemption form and all required documents must handed least week before maturity. the xchf tokens must arrive with the issuer least days before maturity. the redemption the bond subject passing kyc aml checks. redemption fee applies. the unique "swiss crypto tokens end-customer identification number" (sct id) will added the fiat transaction guarantee the receiving owner. exemplary redemption process with information required can seen appendix updates may apply. cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus version june th, economics cryptocurrencies like bitcoin (btc) ether (eth) are very popular the industry and gained lot attention also the press for multiple reasons. one downside the high volatility those crypto currencies, which can fluctuate multiple percentages normal day. general, useful currency should medium exchange and store value. btc and eth are good medium exchange, also accepted worldwide, but are subject high volatility. this where stable tokens come in. stable tokens (or stable coins) are price-stable cryptocurrencies pegged another stable asset, like the dollar (usd), swiss franc (chf) other crypto assets. figure there are basic types stable tokens source: hackernoon.com xchf can seen fiat backed stable coin. for further details, visit hackernoon.com article published john cochrane (the grumpy economist) about basecoin. the author comparing the options with its pros cons. https://johnhcochrane.blogspot.ch///basecoin.html cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus version june th, this prospectus describing the setup all levels and how they are linked between each other: the bond the xchf token issued and transferrable the ethereum blockchain based the erc- standard. the xchf token issued swiss crypto tokens (sct). long sct stays solvent, each token worth chf and will paid out maturity. swiss crypto tokens holds all capital reserves the issued xchf tokens, swiss francs (chf) plus chf company equity. generally, swiss crypto tokens free deploy the capital reserves any way deems reasonable, including investing them. the reserves are held cash bank accounts. the structure the reserves and notable changes that structure are published the website. figure layer setup source: swiss crypto tokens cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus version june th, fees interest all fees the interest for subsequent cryptofranc bonds are subject change. any adjustments are published early advance website www.swisscryptotokens.ch. all owners xchf tokens can return the xchf token via sct, future fees the interest are not according their expectations. redemption fees for returning xchf tokens will apply. issuing fee the swiss franc bond this fee applies for the first time only buy xchf tokens from sct (subscription). this finance the cost issuing the xchf token, deploy the ethereum blockchain and store the fiat funds chf. value issuing fee xchf redemption fee the swiss franc bond this fee applies for selling the xchf tokens back sct. this finance the cost redeeming the xchf token, remove from the ethereum blockchain and pay out the fiat fund chf. value redemption fee xchf chf (whichever higher) applies the interest the swiss franc bond the interest rate the cryptofranc bond p.a. subsequent cryptofranc bond series might come with negative interest rate set the sole discretion the issuer. the intention have cap p.a and floor low below the snb rate sight deposits. such interests are applied means "melting", which contractually agreed and automatically enforced, gradual destruction fraction the bond that corresponds the interest rate. for transacting xchf tokens, the usual fees the ethereum blockchain will apply. these should expected somewhat higher than with plain erc- tokens due special features the smart contract. see section "technical implementation" for further information. https://www.snb.ch/en/iabout/stat/statrep/id/current_interest_exchange_rates#t cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus version june th, legal implementation the xchf token designed have similar legal properties physical bond certificates. however, due the novelty blockchain-backed securities, there proven legal way, yet, attaining these properties. particular, four properties are essential: uncertificated securities: the bond qualifies uncertificated security the sense art. swiss code obligations. the book the uncertificated securities kept the blockchain swiss crypto tokens ag. the book uncertificated securities contains information about the number and denomination well the holders the uncertificated securities, whereas the holders are not identified their names, but their ethereum addresses. the existence, the scope and content the related rights exist only the extent they are entered into the book uncertificated securities. the book updated holders transfer their tokens through according transactions. the initial distribution, well all transfers can retraced replaying the relevant transactions archived the blockchain. indivisible unity between bond and token: must neither possible transfer the token without transferring the bond nor transfer the bond without transferring the token. the latter ruled out disallowing the transfer cession (abtretung), which hereby do. thus, the only way legally transfer the bond through transfer agreement (ubertragungsvereinbarung), which form transfer that requires the consent the issuer. sct hereby explicitly agrees with all transfers the bond that follow the transfer the token. furthermore, taking part this system, you implicitly agree that each transfer the token constitutes transfer the bond. expected and usual with cryptocurrencies, the transfer token bond considered "abstract" and not "causal". this means, for example, that even accidental transfer the token constitutes transfer the bond along with it. thus, you accidentally transfer token token stolen, you need take the appropriate legal actions get back. hans caspar von der crone, franz kessler, luca angstmann, token der blockchain privatrechtliche aspekte der distributed ledger technologie, sjz cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus version june th, good-faith acquisition: when buying physical goods good faith, the buyer becomes the rightful owner even later turns out that they were stolen. this should also apply tokens. for example, when sct repays bond good faith, freed from all obligations associated with that bond. later turns out that the redeemed tokens were stolen, only the thief and not sct liable for the associated losses. the same principle applies all other buyers the token bond. separation from the bankruptcy-estate: when physical bond certificate stored with third party and that third party goes bankrupt, does not fall into the bankruptcy estate and returned the rightful owner. under swiss law, the same applies bitcoin and other cryptographic tokens, long the tokens are cleanly segregated and the contract between the depositor and the third party makes clear that the ownership remains with the depositor. case legal uncertainty, will always adhere the interpretation the law that treats the bond tokens the most similar how physical bond certificates are treated. for example, the case theft the token treated similar the theft physical certificate. the theft physical certificate transfers possession from the rightful owner the thief, but does not transfer ownership. this enables the owner take legal action get the certificate back. however, someone buys the certificate from the thief good faith (i.e. without reason suspicious), the buyer becomes the new rightful owner. such case, the original owner cannot demand the certificate back any more, but can still demand damages from the thief. note that while are confident that this legal setup line with swiss law, novel and not proven court. thus, there certain risk that court would interpret the relevant sections the law differently than do. christian meisser luzius meisser ronald kogens, verfugungsmacht und verfugungsrecht bitcoins konkurs, in: jusletter mai cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus version june th, technical implementation the xchf token issued the ethereum blockchain and adheres the erc- standard. the smart contract named "cryptofranc.eth" the ethereum name system. its current state including individual balances and the total supply and its source code can inspected with the usual tools, most notably etherscan. all wallets that support erc- tokens can used hold and transact with the token. fact, the smart contract split into two smart contracts, the main cryptofranc.eth contract and second smart contract that specifies the current terms, particular the interest rate. whenever the bond rolled over into the subsequent vintage, the term contract replaced with pre-announced new terms contract containing the latest terms. that way, the terms can only changed predictable manner and the smart contract cryptofranc.eth can reused for subsequent vintages the bond. any transactions performed the ethereum blockchain are subject the usual transaction fees the ethereum network. however, due having additional features, the transaction fees associated with the transfer cryptofrancs should expected somewhat higher than those plain erc- token. when melting enabled, the transaction fee can multiple what can usually expected from erc- standard tokens. order avoid dust (accounts with negligible remaining balances), transfers amounts that leave less than xchf the sender address are increased include the full amount residing that sender address. e.g. when sending xchf from address containing xchf, the whole balance will transferred, dust left behind the sending address. the smart contract has been audited, analyzed under different aspects, with variety tools for automated security analysis ethereum smart contracts chain security (www. chainsecurity.com). they found critical issues and their recommendations have been successfully mitigated before deployment the smart contract. the summary report available for download the website www.swisscryptotokens.ch https://github.com/ethereum/eips/blob/master/eips/eip-.md https://etherscan.io/enslookup?q=cryptofranc.eth cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus version june th, closing statement this prospectus for the current cryptofranc bond was done with highest care content and details. the terms the subsequent bonds are announced on: www.swisscryptotokens.ch, where updated version the prospectus available. zug, june th, swiss crypto tokens grafenauweg zug switzerland web: www.swisscryptotokens.ch email: info@swisscryptotokens.ch phone: cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus version june th, risk factors related cryptofranc bond general statement about risk factors before investing the bond, prospective investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment the bond, the business the issuer and the industry(ies) which operates together with all information contained this prospectus. prospective investors should consider especially, but not only, the risks described below. words and expressions defined the "terms cryptofranc bond" elsewhere this prospectus have the same meanings this section. the following not exhaustive list explanation all risks which investors may face when investing the bond and should therefore used guidance only. additional risks and uncertainties relating the bond, the business the issuer and the industry(ies) which operates that are not currently known the issuer, that currently deems immaterial, may individually cumulatively also have material adverse effect the business, prospects, results operations and financial position the issuer and, any such risk should occur, the price the bond may decline and investors could lose all part their investment. mother sister companies sct have obligation help sct case bankruptcy. prospective investors should also consider carefully whether investment the bond suitable considering the information contained this prospectus with regard their personal circumstances. risks related business operations are risks related failure the issuer comply with applicable law, rules and regulations change law, rules regulations regardless the nature the issuing authority. the most significant areas legislation and regulation for the issuer refer especially, but not only, the financial market, securities, and personal data protection. political risks the authorities countries where the issuer operates may take political decisions put place administrative bureaucratic provisions that may make difficult, expensive cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus version june th, impossible for the issuer continue its operation. the issuer predominantly operates countries where political risk currently considered acceptable, nevertheless remains possible that political decisions administrative bureaucratic provisions could have adverse effect the issuer's business, its operational results, financial condition and the general performance the issuer. risks related the prohibition distribution and dissemination restricted jurisdictions the distribution dissemination the bond any part thereof may prohibited restricted the laws, rules and regulations any jurisdiction. case any restriction applies, each investor responsible inform themselves about, and observe, any restriction which applicable the investor's possession the bond any part thereof (as the case may be) its own expenses and without liability the issuer. persons whom copy this prospectus has been distributed disseminated, provided access who otherwise have this prospectus their possession shall neither circulate any other persons, reproduce otherwise distribute this prospectus any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit cause the same occur. "security" under u.s. federal securities laws and prospectus regulation the issuer does not assess the bond towards law. resale the bond happens the sole risk the seller. risks related intellectual property rights the success the issuer's business is, among other things, dependent the issuer being able protect its intellectual property rights, including, but not limited to, confidential information and trade secrets. there can however assurance that the issuer will able protect its patents other intellectual property rights from infringement the future. addition, there the risk that the issuer may unknowingly infringe other companies' intellectual property rights. failure protect the intellectual property rights the issuer and the consequences the issuer's unknowing infringement the intellectual property rights third parties could have adverse effect the issuer's business, opera cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus version june th, tional results, financial condition and the general performance the issuer. risks related sensitive information the issuer's operations rely confidential, strategic and other sensitive information and there risk that such information relating the issuer may revealed unauthorized persons. this were occur, could have negative impact the issuer's business, operational results, financial condition and the general performance the issuer. risks related reputation the issuer's reputation important for its ability market its services and secure new customers. the issuer's success largely attributable its reputation leading and reliable provider broad range products and services. although the issuer closely monitors the quality its services, there can assurances that the issuer will able protect its business against damages its reputation especially, but not only, vis-avis customers, potential customers. failure protect and build the issuer's reputation brand could have adverse effect the issuer's business, operational results, financial condition and the general performance the issuer. risks related catastrophic events, disasters and business interruption the issuer's operations could negatively affected several ways various catastrophic events and disasters including terrorist acts, acts war, armed conflicts, widespread outbreaks infectious disease, major natural disasters (such earthquakes, hurricanes, tornados, flooding), and other events (such power loss, loss water supply, internet and telecommunications failures, cyber-crimes, fire and chemical biological release). any these events could also result increased volatility damage the swiss, the european and worldwide financial markets and economy. the occurrence catastrophic events, disasters which, among other things, could cause business interruption, could have adverse effect the issuer's business, operational results and financial condition and the general performance the issuer. cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus version june th, information technology (it) risks the issuer dependent limited number strategic partners for its it-systems. with all large systems, the issuer's information systems may vulnerable variety interruptions, including, but not limited to, those caused natural disasters, terrorist attacks, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, hackers, data theft, espionage and other security issues and cyber-crimes. addition, it-system failures could adversely affect the issuer's ability produce deliver time. such it-system related operational disruption security failures therefore expose the issuer significant level operational, reputational and financial loss risk, which could have negative impact the issuer's business, operational results, financial condition and the general performance the issuer. this includes any failure delays caused the ethereum blockchain and its functionality. risks related hard forks fork happens when blockchain irrecoverably split into two separate blockchains that have common past. for ethereum, this has happened when "ethereum classic" and "ethereum" split. such cases, issuers security tokens must specify which the two chains the binding one and there may confusion about who owns which tokens, particular, when the software and services used interact with the blockchain follow the "wrong" chain. forks pose extraordinary risks and issuer recommends refraining from transacting with the blockchain while fork progress. insurance risks the issuer may incur costs due inadequate insurance cover especially, but not only, relation property, business interruption, liability (including prospectus liability), transportation, life and pensions. there can assurances that the issuer the future will able maintain adequate insurance coverage acceptable terms. furthermore, there can assurance that the insurance coverage obtained will always prove sufficient. addition, there generally limited insurance coverage for certain risks such war, strike, terrorism, explosions and consequential loss liability. the level insurance coverage not sufficient relation significant claim loss then this could have negative impact the issuer's business, operational results, financial condition and the general cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus version june th, performance the issuer. risks related unethical conduct employees the ethical behavior companies and their employees increasingly becoming focus attention, with stricter laws and possible sanctions being introduced worldwide areas such anti-corruption, personal data protection law and anti-trust law. unethical illegal conduct failure comply with internal compliance policies the issuer's employees could cause considerable damage the issuer's reputation and result substantial financial sanctions which could have negative impact the issuer's business, operational results, financial condition and the general performance the issuer. risks related human capital the success the issuer's business dependent the issuer's abilities retain the competence its key employees and attract talented employees. there are, however, guarantees that the issuer will able retain its key employees attract new talent with adequate expertise the future. any inability attract retain skilled employees could have negative impact the issuer's business, operational results, financial condition and the general performance the issuer. risks related financial instruments the issuer may from time time use several financial instruments, especially, but not only, cash and bank deposits, trade receivables, bank loans, trade payables and limited number derivative instruments. derivatives will used primarily hedge currency rates interest rates. the issuer's holdings financial instruments are factor the issuer's exposure cash flow risk, currency risk, interest risk, liquidity risk, refinancing risk, counterparty risk and market risk. cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus version june th, cash flow risk: the risk that the issuer's available cash will not sufficient meet its financial obligations. currency risk: the risk that arises from the change price one currency relation another. interest risk: changes interest rates affect the net financial position the issuer and how the value financial instruments varies due changes market interest rates. liquidity risk: the risk that stems from the lack marketability investment that cannot bought sold quickly enough prevent minimize loss. refinancing risk: the risk that the issuer unable replace existing loan with new one critical time. counterparty risk: the risk each party contract that the counterparty will not live its contractual obligations. market risk: the risk investor experiencing losses due factors that affect the overall performance the financial markets which she involved. legal risks: laws and regulations there can assurance that there will not occur the future have not occurred the past any inadvertent accidental breach international local laws regulations the issuer. furthermore, changes laws regulations, including but not limited those concerning regulatory requirements, taxes trade barriers, could have negative impact the issuer's business, operational results, financial condition and the general performance the issuer. risks related competition law and litigation the issuer subject competition laws and regulations national and supranational level. general, these laws are designed preserve free and open competition the marketplace enhance competitiveness and economic efficiency. there can assurance that the issuer will not become subject investigations and cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus version june th, proceedings national and supranational competition and antitrust authorities, well claims from private third parties, for alleged infringements competition antitrust laws the future. the issuer may also incur costs for the management litigation, including, but not limited to, costs connection with settlements imposed penalties. such investigation claims and costs could have adverse effect the issuer's business, operational results, financial condition and the general performance the issuer. risks related the bond security there guarantee that the proceeds arising out hypothetical bankruptcy are available for distributions accordance with the order priority will enough pay all amounts due investors respect the bond. there active trading market for the bond the bond issued under the prospectus will new security which may not widely distributed and for which there currently active trading market. the bond traded after its initial issuance, may traded lower price than its offering price, depending prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition the issuer. there assurance the development liquidity any trading market for the bond. the bond unlisted, and the transferability the bond limited. the bond may redeemed prior maturity the event that the issuer should obliged increase the amounts payable respect the bond due any withholding deduction for account of, any present future taxes, duties, assessments governmental charges whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld assessed behalf the swiss government any political subdivision thereof any authority therein thereof having power tax, the issuer may redeem all outstanding bonds accordance with the terms the bond. cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus version june th, the bond may not suitable investment for all investors some bonds are complex financial instruments. sophisticated institutional investors generally not purchase complex financial instruments stand-alone investments. they rather purchase complex financial instruments order reduce risks enhance yield with understood, measured, appropriate addition risks their overall portfolios. potential investor should not invest bonds which are complex financial instruments unless has the expertise (either alone with financial adviser) evaluate how the bonds will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects the value the bonds and the impact the investment will have the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. each potential investor any bond must determine the suitability the investment considering its own personal circumstances. particular, each potential investor should: (i) have sufficient knowledge and experience make meaningful evaluation the relevant bond, the merits and risks investing the relevant bond and the information contained incorporated reference the prospectus any applicable supplement; (ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools evaluate, the context its particular financial situation, investment the relevant bond and the impact such investment will have its overall investment portfolio; (iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity bear all the risks investment the relevant bond, including where principal interest payable one more currencies, where the currency for principal interest payments different from the potential investor's currency; (iv) understand thoroughly the terms the relevant bond and familiar with the behavior any relevant indices and financial markets; and (v) able evaluate (either alone with the help financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability bear the applicable risks. bonds issued substantial discount premium the market values securities issued substantial discount premium tend fluctuate more relation general changes interest rates than prices for conventional cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus version june th, interest-bearing securities do. generally, the longer the remaining term the securities, the greater the price volatility compared conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. change law the conditions the bond are based swiss law effect the date this prospectus. assurance can given the impact any possible judicial decision change swiss law administrative practice the applications thereof after the date this prospectus. the issuer's obligations under the bonds the issuer's obligations under the bond shall rank pari passu and without preference among themselves. however, secured obligations, the bond will, winding-up liquidation the issuer, rank senior priority any unsecured obligations the issuer. case the issuer insolvent investor may lose all some his her investment. the bond may not widely adopted and may have limited investors possible that the bond will not used large number individuals, companies and other entities that there will limited public interest the creation and development distributed ecosystems (as developed the issuer) more generally. such lack use interest could negatively impact the issuer and the utility the bond. investors may lack information for monitoring their holdings the investors may not able obtain all information wants regarding the issuer and the bond time all. possible that the investors may not become aware time about changes that have occurred with respect the bond itself the issuer. even the issuer made efforts use open-source software solutions, this information may highly technical nature. result these difficulties, well other uncertainties, the investors may not have accurate accessible information about the bond the issuer. cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus version june th, the bond has history the bond will newly formed token and has history. each bond should evaluated considering that the issuer any third party's assessment the prospects the protocol the bonds may not prove accurate, and that the issuer may not achieve its business objective. risks related the issuer the acquisition the bond may involve high degree risk. financial and operating risks confronting startups are significant. the startup market which the issuer competes highly competitive and the percentage companies that survive and prosper small. startups often experience unexpected problems the areas product development, marketing, financing, and general management, among others, which frequently cannot solved. addition, startups may require substantial amounts financing, which may not available through private placements, public markets otherwise. risks related dissolution possible that, due any reason, including, but not limited to, unfavorable fluctuation the value cryptographic currencies, the inability the issuer establish the bond's utility, the failure commercial relationships, intellectual property ownership challenges, the issuer may longer viable operate, and the issuer may dissolve take actions that result dissolution. malicious cyberattacks exploitable flaws the issuer's structural foundation, the software application and other interfaces applications built upon the bond and its services are still early development stage and are unproven, and there are assurances that the bond and the creation, transfer storage the bond will uninterrupted fully secure, which may result complete loss the investors unwillingness users access, adopt, utilize and build upon the bond its protocol. further, the issuer may also the target malicious attacks seeking cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus version june th, identify and exploit weaknesses the software the issuer, which may result the loss theft the bond. for example, the issuer subject unknown and known security attacks (such double-spend attacks, attacks, other malicious attacks), this may materially and adversely affect the issuer. any such event, the launching the bond not widely adopted, the bond would have utility. conflict interest there may occasions when certain individuals involved the development the bond encounter potential conflicts interest connection with the sale the bond, and that therefore said individual may avoid loss, even realize gain, while other investors are suffering losses. investors may also have conflicting tax, and other interests related the bond, which may arise from the terms the bond, the timing the launch the bond, other factors. decisions made the key employees the issuer such matters may more beneficial for some investors than for others. the issuer unable satisfy data protection, security, privacy, and other government-and industry-specific requirements, its growth could harmed. there are several data protection, security, privacy and other government- and industry-specific requirements, including those that require companies notify individuals data security incidents involving certain types personal data. security compromises could harm the issuer's reputation, erode user confidence the effectiveness its security measures negatively impact its ability attract new users, cause existing users stop using the bond. further development and acceptance blockchain networks the growth the blockchain industry general, well the blockchain networks which the issuer will rely and with which will interact, subject high degree uncertainty. the factors affecting the further development the cryptocurrency industry, well blockchain networks, include, without limitation: worldwide growth the adoption and use eth, and other blockchain technologies; cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus version june th, government and quasi-government regulation eth, and other blockchain assets and their use, restrictions regulation access and operation blockchain networks similar systems; the maintenance and development the open-source software protocol the eth networks; changes consumer demographics and public tastes and preferences; the availability and popularity other forms methods buying and selling goods and services, trading assets including new means using fiat currencies existing networks; general economic conditions and the regulatory environment relating cryptocurrencies. decline the popularity acceptance eth other blockchain-based tokens would adversely affect the issuer's results operations. the slowing stopping the development, general acceptance and adoption and usage blockchain networks and blockchain assets may deter delay the acceptance and adoption the bond. the prices blockchain assets are extremely volatile. fluctuations the price digital assets could materially and adversely affect the issuer's business. the prices blockchain assets such eth have historically been subject dramatic fluctuations and are highly volatile. several factors may influence the utility the bond, including, but not limited to: global blockchain asset supply; global blockchain asset demand, which can influenced the growth retail merchants' and commercial businesses' acceptance blockchain assets like cryptocurrencies payment for goods and services, the security online blockchain asset exchanges and digital wallets that hold blockchain assets, the perception that the use and holding blockchain assets safe and secure, and the regulatory restrictions their use; investors' expectations with respect the rate inflation; changes the software, software requirements hardware requirements underly cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus version june th, ing the protocol the bond; changes the rights, obligations, incentives, rewards for the various participants the protocol the bond; interest rates; currency exchange rates, including the rates which digital assets may exchanged for fiat currencies; monetary policies governments, trade restrictions, currency devaluations and revaluations; regulatory measures, any, that affect the use blockchain assets such the bond; the maintenance and development the open-source software protocol the bonds; global regional political, economic financial events and situations. decrease the price single blockchain assets may cause volatility the entire blockchain asset industry and may affect other blockchain assets, including the bond. for example, security breach that affects the bond investor's confidence eth may affect the industry whole and may also cause the utility the bond and other blockchain assets uncertain. loss private key and risks associated with the wallet the bond can only accessed using ethereum wallet with combination the investor's account information and private key password. the bond can lost stolen the private key password gets lost stolen. the issuer and any its employees, bodies, contractors are not responsible for the wallet which the bond transferred and they are not responsible for the access and security wallet, for any security breach, any loss resulting from service wallet provider, including any termination service the wallet provider and/or bankruptcy the wallet provider. anyone investing the bond confirms that they understand the working wallet and the related risks. cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus version june th, lack consensus miners the network miners ultimately control the issuer and there warranty assurance that the network miners will allocate the bond the investor proposed any terms. the network miners could agree any time make changes the bond and run new version the smart contract. group people may take the software and modify order accept different set tokens, tokens all, and therefore might devalue the bond. risks related the security lack enforceability and validity the security although the issuer shows its best effort order enter into valid and enforceable pledge that secures the bond, the issuer does not guarantee that such pledge actually valid and enforceable. risks related blockchain technologies and digital assets the regulatory regime governing the blockchain technologies regulation tokens (such the bond) and token offerings (such the offering the bond), cryptocurrencies, blockchain technologies, and cryptocurrency exchanges currently undeveloped and likely rapidly evolve, varies significantly among international, federal, state and local jurisdictions and subject significant uncertainty. various legislative and executive bodies the united states and other countries may the future, adopt laws, regulations, guidance, other actions, which may severely impact the development and growth the bond and the adoption and utility the bond. failure the issuer certain investors the bond comply with any laws, rules and regulations, some which may not exist yet are subject interpretation and may subject change, could result variety adverse consequences, including civil penalties and fines. blockchain networks also face uncertain regulatory landscape many non-u.s. jurisdictions such the european union, china and russia. various non-u.s. jurisdictions may, the near future, adopt laws, regulations directives that affect the issuer. such laws, regulations directives may conflict with those the u.s. may directly and negatively cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus version june th, impact the issuer's business. the effect any future regulatory change impossible predict, but such change could substantial and materially adverse the development and growth the issuer and the adoption and utility bond. new changing laws and regulations interpretations existing laws and regulations, the u.s. and other jurisdictions, may materially and adversely impact the value the eth virtual currency used acquire the bond and otherwise materially and adversely affect the structure the bond and the rights the investors bonds. fatca fatca may affect payments made custodians intermediaries the subsequent payment chain leading the ultimate investor any such custodian intermediary generally unable receive payments free fatca withholding. also may affect payment any ultimate investor that financial institution that not entitled receive payments free withholding under fatca, ultimate investor that fails provide its broker (or other custodian intermediary from which receives payment) with any information, forms, other documentation consents that may necessary for the payments made free fatca withholding. investors should choose the custodians intermediaries with care (to ensure each compliant with fatca other laws agreements related fatca), provide each custodian intermediary with any information, forms, other documentation consents that may necessary for such custodian intermediary make payment free fatca withholding. investors should consult their own tax adviser obtain more detailed explanation fatca and how fatca may affect them. the issuer's obligations under the bond are discharged once has paid the common depositary common safe-keeper for the icsds (as bearer registered holder the bond) and the issuer has therefore responsibility for any amount thereafter transmitted through hands the icsds and custodians intermediaries. risks related the market generally the secondary market generally the bond may have established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. market does develop, may not liquid. therefore, investors may not able cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus version june th, sell their bonds easily prices that will provide them with yield comparable similar investments that have developed secondary market. this particularly the case for bonds that are especially sensitive interest rate, currency market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives strategies have been structured meet the investment requirements limited categories investors. these types bonds generally would have more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. illiquidity may have severely adverse effect the market value bonds. credit ratings may not reflect all risks one more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings issue bonds. the ratings may not reflect the potential impact all risks related structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value the bonds. credit rating not recommendation buy, sell hold securities and may revised withdrawn the rating agency any time. legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments the investment activities certain investors are subject legal investment laws and regulations, review regulation certain authorities. each potential investor should consult its legal advisers determine whether and what extent bonds are legal investments for it, bonds can used collateral for various types borrowing and other restrictions apply its purchase pledge any bonds. financial institutions should consult their legal advisers the appropriate regulator. cautionary note forward looking statements these risk disclaimers this prospectus may contain forward-looking statements including, but not limited to, statements future operating results and plans that involve risks and uncertainties. the words such "expects", "anticipates", "believes", "estimates", the negative these terms and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance achievements the bonds differ materially from any future results, performance achievements expressed implied those projected the forward-looking statements for any reason. cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus version june th, appendix sct trade register confirmation swiss crypto tokens was founded july and registered zug, switzerland. the authorized managers are published below. cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus version june th, appendix sct financials the first annual fully audited financial statement will published based the data the financials, based the audited interim statement september th, balance sheet september th, assets: chf liabilities: equity chf other liabilities chf profit loss statement september th, revenues, due newly started business other cost (admin, web hosting, etc.) planned cost items for and are approx. chf chf p.mt.: employees: (dependent business needs) outsourcing cost (customer service, administration, it, audit, etc.) interest cost for cash bank account storage bunker audit company: grant thornton bank audit ltd. (gt) will audit the company annual basis. the audit report will published the website. will perform assurance services according the swiss audit standard engagements perform agreed-upon procedures regarding financial information funds related the swiss franc bond monthly basis. the reports will published the website and future prospectus subsequent versions. equity increase chf was performed october cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus version june th, appendix subscription form (exemplary only) step simple form signal intent subscribe xchf (on the website): name, country residence, email subscription amount xchf chf choice: option already registered subscriber swiss crypto tokens option customer btcs and allow sct access kyc aml data option want register new subscriber (subject kyc amlchecks) step onboard customer and collect all information for transaction first last name, address, zip code, city, country residence, email kyc aml documentation (if needed) bank account details subscriber wallet ethereum blockchain subscriber sct step signing subscription form details about sct: address, sct bank account, sct ethereum wallet allocated sct issuing fee for requested amount subscription deadline acknowledgment: sct can store kyc aml data agreement share kyc aml data between sct btcs (outsourcing partner) agreement share subscribed volume xchf with btcs bitcoin suisse online acknowledgment send fiat only from agreed account incl. "sct id" subject line agreement send signed form back sct agreement disclaimer terms cryptofranc bond signature line (place, date, name) cryptofranc bond terms and prospectus version june th, appendix redemption form (exemplary only) step simple form signal intent redeem xchf (on the website): name, country residence, email redemption amount xchf choice: option already registered subscriber swiss crypto tokens option customer btcs and allow sct access kyc aml data option want register new subscriber (subject kyc checks) step onboard customer and collect all information for transaction first last name, address, zip code, city, country residence, email kyc aml documentation (if needed) bank account details subscriber wallet ethereum blockchain subscriber sct step signing redemption form details about sct: address, sct bank account, sct ethereum wallet allocated "sct customer number" (sct id) redemption fee for requested amount redemption deadline acknowledgment: sct can store kyc aml data agreement share kyc aml data between sct btcs (outsourcing partner) agreement share redeemed volume xchf with btcs bitcoin suisse online acknowledgment send xchf only from agreed wallet agreement send signed form back sct agreement disclaimer terms swiss franc bond note: sct will send chf bond maturity. the redemption form and all required documents must handed least week before maturity signature line (place, date, name) swiss crypto tokens grafenauweg zug switzerland web: www.swisscryptotokens.ch email: info@swisscryptotokens.ch phone: