proton "the blockchain that interacts with fiat" marshall hayner fred krueger glenn marien introducing proton proton (xpr) new public blockchain and smart contract platform designed for both consumer applications and peer-peer payments. built around secure identity and financial settlements layer that allows users directly link real identity and fiat accounts, pull funds and buy crypto, and use that crypto seamlessly apps. the core proton the notion verified account, where user bob smith can verify his identity, and securely assert that @bob fact his real account. moreover, bob can link fiat accounts this account, and push and pull fiat funds from daemon commands via the node. this means that after kyc, @bob can move funds between special purpose bank account credit card and crypto with one fast transaction. also means can find and send either fiat crypto his friend alice black (@alice) knowing that she the real alice black. the proton system token xpr delegated proof stake token where token holders can stake and bond their tokens vote for block producers, each token given single vote, and there thirty day un-staking period security measure. the xpr token will also be, from day one integrated into the lynx wallets for ios, android and desktop and suite decentralized applications. shortly after launch will integrated into metal pay for ios and android, metal for web, and the upcoming metalpay web wallet origin and benefits proton proton was developed joint effort two companies: metal and lynx. both companies share vision making crypto more accessible everyday consumers, and both have independently made significant progress towards that goal. metal has built compliant, consumer friendly platform for peer peer payments. lynx has developed app-focused blockchain. proton combines the elements both efforts into single unified offering. currently fiat ramps and off ramps are significant source friction for app platforms, and there easy, regulatory compliant way trade between crypto currencies most app token wallets. proton solves this problem integrating optional kyc identity store, with that identity being stored central pci compliant database and made available on-chain identity check. because the xpr smart contract code based the ultra-fast eosio dpos model, makes this token ideal for gaming and social media applications. users can establish their identities once, seamlessly buy and exchange crypto, and then use that crypto micro-transactions dapps such chirp. but beyond being app platform with unified identity model, the new xpr blockchain was designed allow websites and apps push payment requests directly proton-compliant wallets. multiple payment applications such venmo, square and metalpay contain facilities for requesting payment from another user within that same application. for example, bob white and alice black are both venmo members, bob can request payment usd from alice black, and alice will get the request her mobile device and will able easily accept deny it. since both are users the same centralized application, that application can easily transfer funds from alice's accounts bob's. the issue is, however, bob member venmo, but alice isn't. alice might prefer use alipay and may not even have the option using venmo the country which she lives. proton will solve this problem creating namespace that works across multiple payment providers, identity verifiers, and payment transmitters. fiat and crypto push chain with proton, all transactions are recorded blockchain whose core function record these payments and interface with the different entities involved. every user this blockchain can have verified identity, which turn verified approved identity provider. the blockchain contains both encrypted and unencrypted transaction data. for example, pending transaction between bob and alice might contain information that only decipherable these two. the blockchain smart contracts also monitor the state the transaction from request sent transaction pending transaction settled. order prevent spam small crypto currency fee charged each receiver for initiating send request. also, list whitelisted receivers for each user maintained distributed database. token economics the xpr token was designed controlled supply token with moderate annual inflation that can provide short term store value for dapps and allow blockchain governance. there will initial million circulating supply xpr, with annual token inflation. this token inflation will split between block producers (.%) token stakers (.%) and the proton steering committee (%) block producers jobs validate nodes using the open source proton protocol. consensus block producers needed write transaction into the blockchain with minute finality. token stakers vote for block producers one-token, one-vote basis. order vote, token stakers must agree bond their tokens, subjecting them potential economic loss should their chosen block producers fail deliver minimum performance standards. they also must agree one month un-staking period, security measure any double spend. because only longer term token holders (those willing lock tokens for minimum month) can participate the staking rewards, these are likely significantly higher than the theoretical minimum. the proton steering foundation the recipient annual inflation, and will itself organized dpos system, where votes occur every three months. the mandate the steering foundation will compensate the metal and lynx development teams for work done wallets, apps and marketing initiatives benefit proton. the steering foundation will also reward worker proposals from independent entities such cryptolions for core blockchain development work, well encourage inter-blockchain communication (ibc) using the proton secure identity and standard across multiple ecosystems addition the annual inflation, block producers and the proton steering committee may elect impose fees ram, cpu network usage apps. the steering committee charge determining these fees, any. the maximum supply xpr set billion, some which may released over time, subject market conditions, grow the proton ecosystem. usability key feature proton that was designed from the outset for maximum consumer usability. both the metal pay and lynx wallets will integrate natively day one. with combined user base over accounts, sending xpr token value between accounts, and inside apps such chirp and games such bombsweeper sets new standard for day one usability. blockchain and token built for apps with hundreds blockchains existence, reasonable ask why another needed. why can't things like free-to-play token mining games like "alien invasion" crypto social media apps like chirp built ethereum? the answer simple: existing blockchains are either too slow, too expensive, not easily integrate into consumer facing wallets like metal pay lynx wallet. let's analyse each these turn: speed. you are using crypto like post, generate token every time new level hit online game, speed critical. ethereum, which can take several minutes transact just does not work for dapps cost. you are sending pennies even fractions penny, the "gas fees" ethereum are prohibitive. also, the account creation costs eos are prohibitive for viral growth. usability applications are only useful they can designed into overall consumer experience that starts with the crypto wallet. the proton blockchain, lynx wallet, and metal platform work perfectly together. equivalent results could not achieved with other blockchains. case study: chirp. the chirp model excellent illustration how crypto-currency and smart contract platform like lynx can used the basis for micro-payments app-based ecosystem. the chirp model "pay post", "pay like" model. because the low friction the proton blockchain, and because the purpose-built integration this blockchain into the lynx wallet, possible add "tip" low show that you "like" post. the recipient that like gets the full amount the crypto-currency immediately their lynx wallet. while not financially material yet, the psychological impact getting token value for "like" highly rewarding the recipient, and already changing the dynamics the chirp social dialog. also note that this token transferred immediately, and not with day delay freelance work models using systems such paypal. chirp also includes token use advertising. with just one click, you can "pin" chirp message advertising your product service the chirp community. the xpr token used pay for the unit, and provides business model the chirp developers. the proton blockchain and wallet dev teams all successful blockchains need full time development teams, and wide array paid and unpaid contributors maintain the core code, and develop consumer facing wallet applications deliver the application product. this effort will funded on-going basis the proton steering committee. the metal team, based san francisco, has developed one the leading compliant platforms for fiat transmission and crypto exchange. [add] the lynx team, which based los angeles, and raleigh, has built the leading mobile eos wallet for the english speaking world. it's desktop wallet and api, launched august has already been adopted all the top eos dapps. they have also built several popular free play games the eos blockchain, and understand dapps both from the wallet and actual application perspective. conclusion proton the first fast, cheap blockchain with kyc and fiat-crypto built the get-go. designed for apps such games and social media well for simple and fast transmission fiat from one individual another. the push-to-wallet with on-chain pending transaction notification allows apps and websites safely interact directly with consumers with exchange personal identifiable information.