voco provoco the social challenge network empowered blockchain white paper abstract this document, the social challenge and media network provoco presented, along with integrated blockchain technology and reward-based token economy (tokenomy). this will fueled the visual content and unique social profile monetization system, which motivating and transparent. for this purpose, the voco token will used, and released exclusively provoco voco fund. voco token supply will limited and governed the voco fund, which will release them official initial coin offering (ico) event form ethereum erc- token. will distributed exclusively through provoco platform, which also the first commercial product for the token use. voco fund will responsible for the management and administration collected fund distribution the provoco project and searching for and granting future projects who will wish join the voco ecosystem. tasks will also include blockchain research and development, charity partnerships, continuous charity relief support, smart contracts development, usability, and ecosystem sustainability maintenance tasks. provoco will follow economy-driven action plan, pursuing provoco application feature development and promoting and incentivizing content creators and socially active users join the provoco ecosystem achieve user-engaging environment. our optimized smart contract deployment module for voco tokens will create and write all in-app user contracts onto the blockchain network tandem with involved lot voco tokens, form erc- smart contract, which will executed within the ethereum virtual machine (evm) environment according predefined rules logic. the app designed inspirit its members numerous engaging daily activities and generation viral content for everybody enjoy; while swiftly rewarding valuable user input and created content, nevertheless user just started have established solid social profile already. provoco will reward everyone from the start matter one came for noble, game, both reasons. our app will connect digital user content and activity with tokenized gameplay and aligned economic incentives for all its participants. "voco token" virtual asset designed used and provided users exchange for other virtual assets for participating project crowdfunding event (ico), for future use software applications and supporting voco token for unlocking functionality within that software. index abstract index introducion the discovery problems solution use cases market overview competition challenge market the app multi token wallet functionality logic variations blockchain adoption benefits voco token smart contracts tokenomy model token overview voco ecosystem grant management daico security social architecture profile user modes self governance consensus voting aftermath technical overview back-end blockchain dapp aggregator token specs erc- interface smart contract samples api legal introduction the value and power social networks has become globally important, and growing every year. social networking sites dominate not just the internet, but the economy whole. almost every person all around the world interacts with social networks directly indirectly every day. video and social content industry now holds numerous amount platforms, but only several can marked leaders, successfully creating content and indulging users daily. according estimates, about billion people will using one form social network the other social networks have become part our daily lives for activities, such personal relationships, work, entertainment, and studies. with the growth the social media, almost all the aspects how society functions governance, healthcare, education being increasingly impacted and taken into its purview. participating all these activities, users generate immense amount content, either through written multimedia content. almost billion videos are watched youtube every single day. average month, out year-olds watch youtube. the second-most visited website the internet today. social network leader facebook holds billion users that login least once day whereas high quality video network vimeo welcomes over million users daily. these networks hold promiscuous content which almost never gets rewarded fairly and from the start. "we've centralized zuckerberg, world who's wasn't all our basically elected peter data the biggest guy anyone." called dictator pirate mark bay the founder sunde although should aware that the current effects centralization, shouldn't overlook that it's only going get worse. fact, select few entities have such tremendous troves data each us, means that they have powerful means control both subtle and not that can't take back. every major tech company the past decade has been gobbled one just five major corporations: amazon, apple, facebook, google, and microsoft. http://www.thedrum.com/news////facebook-influences-over-half-shoppers-says-digitaslbi-s-connected-commerce-report https://www.statista.com/statistics//number-of-worldwide-social-network-users/ https://thenextweb.com/eu/// ernet-its-all-about-damage-control-now/#.tnw_naobcv https://www.nytimes.com////us/politics/cambridge-analytica-trump-campaign.html the discovery however, this market our team made interesting discovery: there usable platform that unites people striving for challenges only. moreover, the global trends statistics for challenge keyword, indicate stable growth people, looking for challenges: youtube, total million videos with presumably recorded challenges can found, where million new challenges captured video are january february month) alone. that enormous growth trend indication for challenge popularity! challenge content content gets created various reasons. can spontaneous, where you hit that record button almost time. can planned, prepared. could called emotions, reflecting something you experienced. the reasons are endless. one them also the challenge. nowadays the term challenge has quite few definitions and different fields used in. provoco see challenge healthy contest, which usually creates exciting and fun content. the challenge content special. it's where people are their most organic behaviour. that's why gets viral attention and appreciation the community, just not the financial reward deserves. take that opportunity. https://trends.google.com/trends/explore?date=all_&gprop=youtube&q=challenge number videos resulting keyword "challenge". https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=challenge https://www.youtube.com/results?sp=caisagge&search_query=challenge problem with reward system the appreciation user can get for being active and successful currently most popular social networks mainly just the social status, which determined the number followers she has, the likes his/herposts the view counts their video. all this activity has financial value, which most the users not even know that exists. "all data and this fantastic social benefited media the user content, platforms are corporations interaction, being that stored, own these profile monitored, platforms" all the monetary benefits, that are generated user content and interaction data, corporations which control social network ecosystem and not easily (or fairly) share the income with original authors for their input the ecosystem. challenge interaction between people, also can carry value, can help raise funds for good cause, challenges are fun. most importantly, they generate viral content. that why for has direct parallel with major social networks, which feel comfortably with current setup with their users and not indicate introduce any major changes their reward systems. moreover, looks like that these corporations cannot really that, because their shareholders are profit-oriented and also they are too big introduce any drastic changes their systems. active user all the social multimedia networks today left with decades-old agreements value sharing and it's getting harder and harder earn any money from content creation. there easy way pay someone for their content even you like and would happily that. you can use third party subscription services like patreon, but that not convenient manageable, nor allows spontaneous. you want create social challenge with for fun, reward charity fundraising funds attached, there are convenient platforms for that. get paid, social media stars have allow banner, pop-ups similar distracting adverts mixed with their content. most reward programs pay only fiat, which requires you have bank account, which limits great amount users get involved you have pass high barriers accepted the partner programs (reward system), where you get paid tiny share the advertising revenue for the view count your content. your content, likes, shares, comments, followers and any other social activity portfolio provide direct financial benefit the platform you are using, but not you. finding sponsors and endorsing their brand unpleasant task, especially when you don't really use like their products. http://www.businessinsider.com/twitter-monthly-active-users-- http://tubularinsights.com/top-facebook-video-creators/ problem with your data today, social networks have about billion users. this means that almost the world's population social media. has been observed that between and around million people joined social networks for the very first time. "all volved able happening these while commercial control, access, the consumer transactions monetize and, his not even hence, own innot personal data" the growing market for detailed personal data, which are used marketing companies, analytics, credit-rating companies, publishers, and government bodies has become very profitable corporate business advertisement exchanges, profile "vendors", audience segmentation, and data management platforms. collection personal profile data and the unmonitored and uncontrolled usage available personal data has become immensely lucrative business. the current situation has worsened such extent that european union (eu) regulators have taken action control big social networks and prevent them from abusing personal profiles and personal data for unwanted uses. order promote this, they have introduced general data protection regulation (gdpr) april problem with blockchain adoption the public's understanding blockchain technology today limited, and the interest typically linked the daily breaking news about the rise value cryptocurrency crash another. the lack practical use cases for blockchain technology are spreading mistrust the technology, which yet show its strength and value. "the general for the concept mass blockchain consumer, becoming remains understandable technology, stubbornly and easy especially resistant use" distributed ledger technology has the potential become biggest revolution since the internet was created. its potential applications are varied, and its implications cover numerous use cases and industries. our team sees, that blockchain technology has viral interest around the world, but very little practical adoption within the industry and user-friendly applications the market. https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection_en http://deloitte.wsj.com/cio////blockchain-adoption-varies-by-industry/ solution this overview indicates that there untapped potential for getting people join new types and generation social networks, with more fair, transparent business model. today, our team sees major interest blockchain empowered projects, that are much more fair the consumer and more technologically innovative. provoco new, challenge oriented multimedia social network project, with cryptocurrency based financial rewards ecosystem, instant value transfer option, smart contract features. not just one more place interact communicate. organic viral content generator, where people can create and take the challenges, with actual value attached the content. driven ecosystem, with fair reward mechanism. portal where new, inspiring videos created every day. creating challenges with provoco, will let user incentivize and reward people who actually something that he/she initially intended achieve; assign the reward pool multiple beneficiaries their choice, including charities. "for most, will their first cryptocurrency experi- ence" believe that the untapped resource inspire participation any community market economy ability create, participate and forward the challenges with actual value attached it; well reputable and transparent accounting system that fairly reflects the contribution every player the ecosystem, with the gamification and automatic reward system: user friendly challenge multimedia application for mobile and web reward driven tokenomy benefit from your content wisdom crowd public voting system person person (pp) instant token transfer transparent and immutable escrow service for all the challenge contracts between users, powered ethereum network smart contract aggregator interact with the blockchain in-app ethereum wallet for multiple token management future proof platform development and improvement roadmap customer support and identification services use ethereum blockchain will help manage legal risks associated with potential improper token payments and operating costs https://trends.google.com/trends/explore?date=today%-y&q=blockchain%technology multiple use cases user can choose solo, invite his/her friends, join group challengers. with provoco, anyone has plenty options get involved and have fun, while calmly knowing that because it's part the voco ecosystem and its tokenomy mechanism logic behind it, one passively does something good for the society automatically. "provoco ecosystem lets serious you world have fun problems while it's taking care automatically" with provoco, user will able create infinite types challenges. just few them: brand awareness campaigns funded businesses sports competitions for new world records progress challenges for engineering, science, street art crowdfunding for natural disaster relief, charity creative challenges for good emotions health challenges stop smoking reduce some weight social challenges incentivise animal adoption, help for elders world singing, dancing, performance competitions extreme challenges for exotic journeys all the challenge outcomes will verified the public and record keeping will kept using blockchain technology for undaunted trust and transparency, services like guinness world records might become obsolete the future. use case for the fun reward while some players are driven their rush adrenaline accomplish something, others are willing accomplish something for fun. people having joyful experience doing challenges other platforms, finally will have place compete and rewarded for it. they dare take calculated risks and their videos are thrill watch. use case for monetizing everyactivity provoco perfect "only win" solution for professional daredevils and serial challenge takers who would not mind compete for the financial reward get paid for the videos, even for the ones where they failed miserably while trying complete the challenge. modern world, often the financial side that draws equal attention the action itself. sponsorship, advertising and complicated contracts are just important the action the field. the stakes continue rise, can difficult for young people break through without exceptionally high levels financial backing. http://www.wonderfullosers.com/ use case for the noble cause all have heard the natural disasters that occur from time time, and there way avoid them the force nature you cannot control choose where and when happens. from hurricanes earthquakes environmental disasters caused the industries (oil, nuclear power, etc.), wars, hunger, disease spikes. all these events have one thing common: time matters. normally, not the lack the world attention the disaster lack empathy even funding problem. we, humans, are willing help each other default. matter the nationality the color the skin, people care about other people. only that people expect, that the organizational task for crowdfunding has carried out our local government international charity organizations. does work, but can all agree that could more efficient, more rapid, more transparent and easier participate. let take example. all have heard the challenge restore electricity puerto rico after the hurricane, harvey, struck the island. every media channel the world was talking and writing about it. volunteers rushed the scene, and many other people around the world were asking how can help? with such global attention, the problem was surely supposed solved quickly and even improved become more resistant such natural disasters. puerto rico part the united states after all. but what saw reality was bit different. took long for the government and organizations make the executive decisions that the volunteers and private companies took the initiative and rushed the scene using their own privately collected funds, without waiting for the bureaucratic process complete. "what great result this could for humanity see!" here where provoco firmly could have helped: when the disasters strikes, anyone can create challenge address the specific need the affected area, for example, restoring the electrical power puerto rico and start raising the funds via taking and forwarding the challenge immediately. anyone from all around the world would've able chip-in even without credit card bank account hand. the funds and project milestones would locked the smart contract, and passed for safety the blockchain. due the native blockchain transparency, anybody the world would've able check the amount funds raised and the conditions for the smart contract release them. elon musk from tesla would most likely have been the participant this type scenario. loves challenges. the problem would have been solved effectively, with all the benefits modern technology. all the process would've been executed modern, trustable and clear manner, where each milestone the project escrowed the smart contract and the progress could monitored and controlled any the participants. haiti children need clean water? let's create another challenge and make happen! fast! https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/solutions/enterprise-networks/rebuild-puerto-rico.html https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world////yes-puerto-rico-part-united-states/ https://teamster.org/news///teamster-disaster-relief-volunteers-come-home-puerto-rico https://mashable.com////elon-musk-tesla-powerpack-launch https://reliefweb.int/report/haiti/humanitarian-action-children--haiti provisional use cases for individual create the challenge and enjoy the results after it's accomplished that crazy daredevil: the content you paid for will earn you voco tokens from provoco daily rewards pool take the challenge you like the most, get rewarded instantly for completing the challenge you failed miserably enjoy earnings from daily rewards pool for likes, shares and views your attempt video global cause? create charity fundraiser event and kick off doing yourself first! pass friend challenge the public! friend needs voco tokens participate? send them instantly and free charge anybody anywhere this planet (multi-planetary instant transfers technically possible too). not challenge taker? earn voco tokens via community voting requests for challenge judgement and content filtering. participate and create challenges earn even more! science project save humanity? natural disaster relief initiative? fantastic! public crowdfunding definitely where provoco can help. smart contracts and public voting will provide transparent money distribution fund the projects road map. public vote mechanism can involved approving the finance every milestone the final goal. provisional use cases for business quality brand awareness now will easy achieve. create challenge with your name it. select the most appropriate format for your challenge: winner takes all, multiple winners, every one's winner, charity fundraising. start your viral campaign instantly! you need exciting video content? create new challenge, script your requirements and watch how it's being done around the world! you select the best let the public for you. all video content you paid for legally yours use. agents will able easily join with full user rights the system via api gateway and create various challenges humans for knowledge collection purposes and pay the rewards participants tokens with voco tokens. need hire influencer? famous daredevil? global superstar? provoco the right place for that all social profiles ratings will verifiable via ethereum open ledger blockchain signature, you can confident you deal with organic influencer who has real followers. you need trusted public vote record some topic use for your business? challenge that question. set voting budget. select your voting audience. you will get verifiable, trusted wisdom the crowd results easily and within the budget. http://mattmahoney.net/costofai.pdf market overview youtube has over billion users almost one-third all people the internet and each day those users watch billion hours video, generating billions views. youtube instagram's global mobile revenues will reach billion, accounting for over parent company facebook's global revenues. emarketer estimated youtube revenue example for content creators: daily earnings your video has views per day (at cpm). currently, join youtube partner programme (ypp) and run ads your videos, you need lifetime views. starting february th, the ypp will also require watch hours the last months and subscribers. the verge the social media advertising revenue per internet user the u.s. expected grow from u.s. dollars dollars statistica facebook made billion dollars revenue from their ads system, their total revenue. also boasts massive average revenue per user the u.s. and canada. techcrunch https://www.youtube.com/yt/about/press/ competition this day, year still not have dedicated multimedia platform for social challenges, not talk about modern monetization solution for rising and distributing the funds. our initial stages, started scout out for any direct competition for challenge, but the ones found, can not even take competition, although some them already have some traction and semi-working products deployed, some are working with charities, which good news and it's the focus our initiative furnish the happiness the world through the challenge game model. did some analysis current solutions, would easier compare ourselves what's there the moment after conducting this research, became even more determined ahead with our project developing truly attractive, transparent, and engaging challenge management application, social network, while implementing all the benefits the latest blockchain, deep learning and other exciting technologies. https://www.google.lt/search?q=social+challenges analytical charts coming soon challenge market order boost brand awareness announce new products and services, different companies choose different approach. global players, such red bull spacex tend create challenges that can solved through sports science, which produces loads inspiring and highly shareable videos, which eventually create brand awareness effect. for others, challenges are used bring more direct benefits: for coffee shops, more customers the queue, for clothing brand, the fashion trend users create while having fun. there are people who not dare act themselves (for example, climb tower without safety measures), but really want see how someone else accomplishes it--just something awaken their instincts. spacex has also been undertaking lot challenges order encourage young innovators showcase their innovations, the company seeks build the underground hyperloop. another company, cancun, was recruiting chief experience officer market cancun tourist destination. they asked applicants post videos themselves doing creative exploratory activities which showed that they are fun with and outgoing. there are many use cases that show high uptake for challenges. corporations, individuals, and other entities undertake challenges that offer cash prizes. for example, red bull created the "gravity challenge' for people create performances acting against gravity challenge that was promoted #savetheegg most the online challenges are the form video content, and video content constitutes the fastest growing aspect social networks. adults watch online videos every week. video content constituted all online content https://twitter.com/hashtag/savetheegg https://www.ofcom.org.uk/__data/assets/pdf_file///adults-media-use-attitudes-.pdf the app this excellent opportunity for introduce millions new users the blockchain technology and take important responsibility for designing simple and secure experience. users won't need know understand cryptocurrency enter and use the application. multi-token wallet the ability easily integrate users who have knowledge experience with cryptocurrency essential. rather than requiring complicated wallet configuration when users install the app, the newcomers will gradually introduced the concept earning voco tokens. user's token portfolios will automatically created and synchronized between encrypted backup devices the cloud. this the perfect experience that mobile app users expect. users earn more and become more familiar with security aspects managing the cryptocurrency, they also have the ability take control their wallet take advantage the increased mobility the token. app functionality when can see plenty people wearing, doing eating something, badly want try too. even when happens for the first time, when are not able predict the results when are slightly scared, are already little bit bored. people need action and attention; they not only want approved but also have less first-time experiences their lives. they simply strive challenged. this platform, users can propose and accept challenges. those who propose challenge also set the amount coins that they get after completing the action. they also set the deadline the challenges. while creating unique content participants not only will have fun and float adrenaline but also benefit financially. this platform, the participants have complete steps: accept the challenge, take and upload video time, wait for approval and receive their tokens. participants can propose not only challenge but also price the community. challenge can created from any criteria. anyone can create challenge. anyone can accept challenge. the app our plan for attracting new users our ecosystem via fun, philanthropic and economic initiatives that will also demonstrate the opportunity for future voco ecosystem participants. the provoco platform will furnish the initial user network, demonstrate the value contributor-driven crypto-economic business model and act cornerstone for adoption the future voco ecosystem partners. all the content that you create has the potential get rewarded, matter what your social profile status score experience is. you create the content which loved the community, the platform will share its revenue with you automatically. everything within the domain the platform will have value. any dispute that may arise will resolved consensus that reached voting and will verified the community members. provoco gives the power back you, the real owner, who will able completely manage the rights the data and content that created. are developing platform where people having two different objectives can combined those who join provoco earn money and those who come here for the entertainment. classify them players and watchers. watchers, those, who vimeo, youtube, facebook, now will able easily shift the provoco app their mobile, the mobile version will firstly produced our developers. in-app logic variations general options: create challenge co-support challenge ("great challenge, i'll drop few voco's that") take challenge ("do and stop") take forward ("ice bucket") counter-offer ("i will this challenge, but for higher price different terms conditions") offer challenge ("i will stand line for you apple store for voco") bet active challenges ("i bet voco this will not happen") create challenge options: ("i challenge anyone say these words backwards seconds") group ("i need stunt videos people riding bicycle backwards. will pay voco each") group group ("counter strike esports team challenges faze clan for battle") group ("our family challenges you stop smoking") challenge types: one off ("challenge closes after one complete") for multiple winners ("everyone welcome take challenge until it's open") time-challenge ("do this hours") multi-step challenge ("plant the tree and let see grow for year with photo/video every month") live challenge ("i will pay while you live broadcast madonna concert") blockchain adoption have chosen practical implementation path decentralization: are building hybrid platform start with, combining blockchain permissionless open ledger security and transparency benefits together with efficiency cloud based front and back-end systems. hybrid platform ensures, that users can actually use the service easily and right away. will use the blockchain security protocol and value carrier. for that purpose, have chosen create voco token, which built ethereum blockchain. it's key function interact with smart contracts with individually attached token value; the pre-programmed escrow and other functions will transparent, and the outcomes will clear. this network has known historical cost structure for each kind transaction: that, tune with our own ethereum side chain and optimised erc- smart contract deployment architecture, will ensure that network transaction costs are minimal and the speed code execution optimal. mainstream adoption ethereum blockchain means that voco token technically enabled transferable between most popular and user-friendly ethereum wallets. currently centralized ecosystems, any online profile risk case the existing platform, with its online database ceases exist. so, your digital profile will also cease exist. today's technological environment, only the blockchain can provide the desired unbreakable security, distribute open ledger properties, and act indisputable source truth. blockchain benefits immutable social profile history, written the blockchain. long you are able associate yourself with this profile, it's history yours. any ownership changes will traceable too. will use the blockchain security protocol. all the vital and most critical moments, happening the app will written the blockchain register data execute the code (smart contracts), and its state will visible anybody since the ethereum public and permission-less. human-less escrow service via smart contracts for funds move pre-agreed conditions it's executed blockchain blockchain will used for value transfer for in-app activity, which you can cash-out any participant will rewarded for great content (likes, followers, views, etc) via in-app tokenomy mechanism our voco tokenomy mechanism designed constantly take out the tokens from the circulation and come back the market only with new voco projects any member activity will selected for screening via (artificial intelligence) mechanism and passed public review (via voting) needed, therefore paying the for its service with the voco tokens. this will allow for agents easily join via api and create various challenges for humans for training purposes and pay the rewards directly participants tokens via ethereum blockchain. blockchain trust carrier all the critical social profile data will logged hash signature the ethereum blockchain using anonymization algorithm, ensuring that all your stats and history legitimacy are private, verifiable destructible demand. any manipulative actions (buying followers etc.) will easily traceable and virtually impossible hide forge. the cryptographic strength the data legitimacy will equal the strength the entire ethereum network. when user content created and deployed centralised online platform, the most unique and popular content risk copyright infringement. hashgraphed content will have transferable copyright functionality for authors recognised and rewarded fairly, eliminating any ownership questions. blockchain will solve the main challenge for advertisers (trust and transparency) having trustless and transparent decentralized ledger where people can longer buy fake data. voco token provoco for operations will use ethereum blockchain, and its key function deploy smart contracts with the locked value inside; the escrow function will transparent, and the outcomes will clear. also, there will community voting and blockchain-signed reputation systems leverage any dispute fairness. cryptocurrency voco will used for payments (within challenges, premium services and marketing tools). voco will mandatory for creating, accepting judging any challenge. the better your reputation, the more tokens you can earn. total, only million voco coins will created, and this makes even more relevant gain more tokens and engage our social platform. limited supply ensures liquidity and value. new voco-enabled projects develop and will have need cross platform transport, devoted token much more convenient tool make potential migration. voco algorithm evidently borders the inner economy and shields from those with large stakes tokens and interests that are alien the system. launching cryptocurrency called voco, will achieve several objectives: contributors with voco tokens will the first unlock functionality, value and status within the provoco platform. decentralized and transferable erc- token, the voco ecosystem set grow proportion voco's utilization users. together with provoco, future partner platforms apps, integrated within the voco ecosystem will benefiting from the demand the token, which will ensure that anyone who uses voco their primary decentralized cryptocurrency within their environments gets rewarded equally. smart contracts overview smart contract mechanism involving digital assets and two more parties, where some all the parties put assets and assets are automatically redistributed among those parties according formula based certain data that not known the time the contract initiated. adopted the latest erc- standard for programming smart contracts, which has significant economical savings ethereum network transaction fees, provides additional security prevention accidentally sent tokens from being accepted incompatible contracts. all the vital and most critical moments, happening the app will written the blockchain log data legitimacy execute the code via smart contracts, where its state will open for anybody check. smart contracts logic "all yay" both sides: the challenge creator, including co-supporters the challenge and challenge taker agree, that challenge complete. this generates the trigger the linked challenge contract release the funds the challenge taker. "all nay" both sides: the challenge creator, including co-supporters the challenge and challenge taker agree, that challenge not complete. this generates the trigger, the linked challenge contract refund the funds back the challenge creator and challenge co-supporters. "needs vote" challenge creator, least one co-supporter the challenge taker not agree, that that challenge complete. the challenge then goes through the voting mechanism and after in-app voting process, system generates the commend according vote results: yay nay, which then triggers linked challenge contract refund the funds back the challenge creator and challenge co-supporters release the challenge taker any beneficiaries, written the smart contract (eg charity account). https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=. blockchain technology for most people means transferring money over the internet without intermediary such bank payment processor. uses distributed ledger that updated consensus among the community, rather than held privately. community voting and reputation mechanism will use this advantage blockchain technology help manage and leverage any dispute fairness. when voting done, and final consensus reached, the back-end oracle module will generate the trigger the smart contract the blockchain release refund locked funds question. smart contracts are self-executing pieces logic that run the blockchain. the smart contract contains some then logic that two parties initially agree upon, and the contract automatically executes payment when the conditions stipulated the contract are fulfilled. tokenomy model provoco business model will offer financial utility for all network participants and creates strong incentive for early adopters participate even before critical mass users garnered. this new, promising path overcome the "chicken and egg" problem, the old model, networks provide value only top-level participants and only upon reaching critical mass users. this important today's landscape where few monopolistic media networks exercise powerful influence that serves barrier healthy competition. provoco will achieve sustainability through continuous revenue model, generated the in-app activity. each transaction conducted the platform will charged small maintenance fee, where half will used cover routine platform support expenses and the other half will used strictly for app new features development. all the provoco transaction fees, the form voco tokens, will transferred voco pool for accumulated splitting purposes, where provoco reward pool gets the total circulation and performs token re-distribution action, return tokens back the community members provoco platform reward for their social activity and participation via dynamic profile measurement algorithm based distribution mechanism, which will fuel the good social activity within the platform. for their efforts, contributors will receive proportional share the network value and impact the governance the ecosystem. diversified network economic actors will naturally contribute the prosperity voco tokenomy while continuing enjoy the advantages blockchain technology. mainstream users will help fund the platform, which, turn, will drive the demand and circulation the token. create evergreen tokenomy, provoco will direct all the platform activity revenue the provoco reward pool, which will used reward users for their social profile karma points, activity, content view count, among others. revenue will come from within the app transactions, which will charged (depending the type the activity), also any gains from purchases buy voco from the in-app market. with api service and blockchain smart-contract functionality, provoco will connect the business world its platform participate the ecosystem with the efficiency current technologies provide. transactions that are executed, recorded and stored the ethereum blockchain the smart contracts need "gas" order processed and data recorded into the blockchain. the service providers (called "miners"), who confirm transactions ordered smart contracts transactions and update the blockchain, charge for performing that service, and they are paid with "gas". gas price will compensated the contract creator and beneficiary, depending the specific scenario. token overview voco tokens will mandatory buy any premium marketing services for commercial players (such coca cola, red bull, uber). they also will used participate and create reward-based and charity donation challenges for the community engage voluntarily via game interest. why need the token voco tokens can undergo various interactions with smart contracts ethereum network and migrate between most popular wallets without any issues token cut-off from ether value, has own market pattern comparing ether (eth), which allows have it's own sucesss story easy participate for anyone from crypto community. undistributed tokens itself have value and the project has goal aim for the smart contract architecture, operating top the ethereum blockchain, achieve several objectives: gives economic incentives for people participate, increases security the ownership records and executes the contract without passing through any intermediary central server token easily transferable between accounts (wallets), users are able participate voco ecosystem easily and with trust dapps use their own token for interactions between users. this can increase efficiency and give users increased sense loyalty the platform voco ecosystem support the development new projects, the voco fund will manage voco ecosystem new partner search tasks and promotion its voco grant program. get voco grant, each partner will need develop sustainable user ecosystem and add rewards the participants their own application platform, while adopting same voco token re-circulation model provoco project. this will support the growth the voco network and also encourage users buy, use and value voco tokens. addition, voco fund will continuously create grant pools help new startups join voco ecosystem and contribute back the fund for the next project get grant funds. newborn platforms and applications, which enter the voco ecosystem shall able quickly integrate with already established user base, which will accelerate new project user growth drastically. over time, conjunction with the api service and smart contract functionality, the kyc identity level could become cross platform transitionable, that would culminate huge savings customer acquisition costs for participating parties the voco ecosystem. "internal volatility tokenomy will naturally constantly specifically producing designed protect new for token value functionality use with voco from and market projects, token" voco fund tokenomy mechanism designed and will constantly take out the voco tokens from the circulation every participating platform, which will able return the market only via voco grant program, which essentially means inevitable birth new compatible platforms. internal tokenomy will naturally protect token value from negative market volatility effects with circulation driven new functionality and project development, specifically designed enrich the use case scenarios blockchain based voco token. ethereum network transaction costs will optimised and the speed code execution will optimal, while data being recorded the ethereum blockchain with full traceability. sustainable token functionality development will assure infinite token counter inflation effect within and outside the voco ecosystem. this how will work for voco fund: daico contract published single development team that was selected awarded voco reward grant, wishes use granted funds for new voco project. "voco daico for set become internal the modules first token implement ecosystem" the daico contract starts off "contribution mode", specifying mechanism which anyone can contribute the contract, and get tokens exchange. once the contribution period ends, the ability contribute stops, and the initial token balances are set. this way anyone within voco community will able contribute new voco project independently and stay within the full control the development funding. game-theoretic security any vote subject attacks, bribe attacks and other game-theoretic vulnerabilities, and any ico subject the risk that team will irresponsible simply plain fraud. however, daico these risks are minimized, requiring both the developer and the vote compromised cause any real damage: attack maliciously raises tap honest developer can just lower the tap again, not claim excess funds developer starts spending funds lambos instead real work voters can prevent much this not raising the tap too much too quickly, but happens anyway they can vote self-destruct attack maliciously self-destructs honest developer can just make another daico notice how two the potentially most harmful kind attack: (i) sending funds some other third party chosen the attacker, and (ii) lowering the tap keep funds stuck the contract forever are both simply disallowed the mechanism. http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document// tokenomy social model profile activity, good content and fair voting these are the fundamental attributes good social profile score provoco platform. the system will designed such that these three things are emphasized all the time for every user. social profile karma points will the most valuable passive asset our platform, meaning that will directly affect users' daily reward rate from provoco reward pool well their vote weight the network governance mechanism. user challenge modes creator challenge can created from any criteria. anyone with voco token balance can create the challenge and submit the system. set the value your challenge and publish it. blockchain network will take care the security and transparency your creation. anyone from the community will able propose counter-offer challenge conditions and price participant. challenge can created with any criteria. anyone can accept challenge. challenge taker when participant decides accept the challenge, the proof him completing will live video, recorded video photos, depending the terms the challenge contract. the participant will have provide evidence himself completing the challenge from the very start till the end and document the evidence. some cases ("-to-group wins the best" challenge), where the winner will selected the public vote and content aesthetics will desired the challenge creator, additional video editing will required make video pictures more impressive and ready share for commercial purposes. public viewer here community first-time viewers has chance see other challenges videos, inspiring the users and making them want experience challenges seen the videos. they wonder whether they are capable completing the challenge not. this place make decision participant dares accept the challenge. although some users can never dare accept the challenge, they always find pleasant watch other people successfully completing the challenges. self governance community police community police can any the participating users. anybody notices inappropriate content, like graphic video dangerous challenge,, they can report the system, which will put through the screening process, where via voting mechanism, will removed from the system marked verified and fit for public content. any anti-social behaviour will tracked and taken into account within the voting process. case was legitimate alert and content was removed, the alerter rewarded with profile karma points for being socially responsible and active. delegated agent provoco also believes, that its machine learning and artificial intelligence agent vote delegating feature will have big impact user experience, making more easy manage the content screening process and make safe for people use the platform and active within the community. machine learning will add new features, for example, will enable real-time detection (rtd) recognize fraud and other events before they happen automatically. similarly, used for real-time event processing (rtep), which will prioritize fundraising campaigns. for example, natural disasters will automatically get more attention than some other campaigns times need. consensus approval system process once the challenge complete and the challenge taker has uploaded all the evidence, they then have submit the application for approval. challenge creator then will have approve reject the result. case two sides disagree about the outcome the challenge, the dispute gets exposed the community for public voting the challenge completely fair and square, there have been any misunderstandings voting process voting important right our society. voting, are making our voice heard and registering our opinion what fair and how the network should operate. the concept "wisdom the crowd" will help keep the whole system honest. the users will able vote cases like the following: challenge completed not case dispute (by any side); flagged remove inappropriate content, reported the community; major changes provoco platform; voco fund grant allocation events; public voting mechanism will reward you with voco tokens and directly affect your profile history and voting profits; other important topics, generated liberal events within the community; all the disputed challenges will have screened (voted the crowd) gain access get challenge funds and get their tokens. order published and attract the voters, challenge creator taker creates challenge dispute pool and provides with some amount voco tokens economic incentive the voters. this amount voco tokens will available the winning voters (yay nay) reward after the voting period ends, whatever the result is. the disputed challenge voting procedure that participant must voco token holder. then studies the case posted the challenge dispute pool creator and votes according his personal evaluation the situation. voco token holders can vote favor challenge, either allowing accepted "complete" yay vote) rejecting nay vote). majority votes wins. aftermath the consensus when the voting process has ended, the challenge dispute pool will distributed back the participants (voters). the ones who voted for the winning side get the the voco that the challenger challenge taker put into the challenge dispute pool, upfront fee for being screened. the voters who voted for the losing side also get the the reward. logic fair the voters get their appropriate reward for putting their votes. the voters who had voted fairly get rewarded the challenge dispute pool. based the human nature, the voters will have financial drive vote honestly the risk losing out earning tokens. another drive honest gain positive profile voting stats, which will directly influence the number tokens gained from provoco reward pool. value distribution when the challenge approved, the participant gets tokens right away. was rejected, even after the community voting process, challenge taker has try again jump the next interesting challenge. technical overview despite the hype, are realistic about what blockchain and peer-to-peer decentralised architecture can currently achieve and how make the best use it. decentralization the digital media ecosystem, long-term effort, requiring synergy amongst decentralized networks, will not scale for some time. our product aims not only address these broad issues, but aims innovate within the space practically exploring and integrating decentralized technologies, such blockchain. back-end provoco back-end smart contract deployment module will write and read the challenge, voting oracle and timestamp signature hash data ethereum blockchain network. erc- standard also prescribes two different signals that each token uses and which other tokens are attuned to, smart contract can fire signal that other smart contracts listen out for, this way will able create event triggered conditional payouts, where additional functionality needed. hashing the signatures and sending them lump transaction reduces transaction costs and network bloat, comparing sending each signature single transaction, which would traffic intensive and inefficient. using this approach the transaction (tx) costs will minimised and the cost code execution optimal. blockchain selection after extensive research, have chosen implement ethereum our back-end security protocol. ethereum blockchain network operates decentralized virtual machine, where smart contracts can deployed order execute predefined lines code (dapps), that specific tasks. these applications run exactly programmed without any chance fraud, censorship third-party interference. ethereum protocol has defined and known cost structure for each kind transaction, that can implemented using smart contracts and settled the ethereum blockchain and easily transferable between most popular ethereum wallets. dapp aggregator once smart contract generated our back-end oracle module and sent the ethereum virtual machine (evm) environment, it's state becomes decentralized application (dapp). these applications run following all the native rules ethereum network and execute exactly programmed without any chance fraud, censorship third-party interference. with our hybrid approach, will provide both interface create participate challenges and robust smart contracts conduct transactions both parties initially agreed upon to. token specs constant symbol: voco blockchain network: ethereum interface: erc- programmable, smart contract ready public constant decimals: supply: fixed compatible wallets: myetherwallet, metamask, mist, parity, imtoken erc- interface the erc standard defines interface, which the name the functions well their signature. signature means list their arguments. also defines what these functions should do. smart contract operation defined the program code, which stored the blockchain and open everyone, making possible realize complex interactions between network nodes. smart contracts are cryptographically secure and can verify enforce performance the contract performance the contract. erc- standard will allow contracts handle incoming token transactions and prevent accidentally sent tokens from being accepted incompatible contracts that longer allow token transferred withdrawn. before erc- (when using older, erc- standard), someone send his/her token into contract that has not allowed anyone use it, the token will simply locked and can never leave that contract. this just one the advantages erc- provides. smart contract for daico tap: num(wei sec) lastwithdrawn: timestamp make sure initialize this the contribution period end time @public def withdraw(): send(self.owner, (block.timestamp self.lastwithdrawn) self.tap) self.lastwithdrawn block.timestamp @private def modify_tap(new_tap: num(wei sec)): self.withdraw() https://github.com/rukuiza/erc-token-standard there also mechanism which the token holders can vote resolutions. there are two types resolutions: raising the tap permanently self-destructing the contract (or, more precisely, putting the contract into withdraw mode where all remaining eth can proportionately withdrawn the token holders) either resolution can pass some kind majority vote with quorum (eg. yes absent note that lowering the tap vote not possible; the owner can voluntarily lower the tap, but they cannot unilaterally raise it. the intention that the voters start off giving the development team reasonable and not-too-high monthly budget, and raise over time the team demonstrates its ability competently execute with its existing budget. the voters are very unhappy with the development team's progress, they can always vote shut the daico down entirely and get their money back. smart contract for budget payment some cases, simple payment technique will required for contract fulfillment, there for will use similar, yet effective approach generate budget stake re-assuring payment method dapp: function payment(address to, uint timeout) payable paymentrecipient to; paymentsender msg.sender; startdate now; paymenttimeout timeout; function closepayment(bytes uint bytes bytes uint value){ address signer; bytes proof; signer ecrecover(h, s); (signer paymentsender signer paymentrecipient) throw; proof sha(this, value); (proof throw; (signatures[proof] signatures[proof] signer; else (signatures[proof] signer){ (!paymentrecipient.send(value)) throw; selfdestruct(paymentsender); function paymenttimeout(){ (startdate paymenttimeout now) throw; selfdestruct(paymentsender); api for partners since our system will highly compatible with other blockchain based systems, running ethereum network, will issue api configuration files specify key aspects for the partners integrate and communicate the system. the list services being provided, which are described references nodes the shared ontology specifications about how the agent should fetch data and push results list services required for each service being provided, any restful api breaks down transaction create series small modules. each module addresses particular underlying part the transaction. this modularity provides developers with lot flexibility, but can challenging for developers design from scratch. it's simple read; developer can select just the information app needs given time; cuts down bandwidth issues, which important for mobile apps. the partial selection syntax can also used include associated resources cutting down the number requests needed get the required information. api for artificial intelligence provoco will the crossing bridge between machine learning and humans. critical our mission enable artificial intelligence serve with the most powerful content screening techniques for our platform, and for give back the community enabling them engage directly with real life human scenarios and continue train and test their latest machine learning technologies. the first step this endeavor, are excited introduce our api, which will make communication with provoco platform very simple, making easy for any, even home made artificial intelligence (ai) agent connect independently and become fully functional user, with voting rights and social status control, ability create new challenges, take the challenge, and even alert the community inappropriate content. this done the agent can receive status updates and results via callbacks. the api also allows the agent with the module see current internal voting, rating and reward mechanism methods. alternative method communicate will server technology specific protocol. legal note although voco tokens may tradable, they are not investment, currency, security, commodity, swap currency, security, commodity any kind financial instrument. parties with whom may share your information: may share user content and your information (including but not limited to, information from cookies, log files, device identifiers, location data, and usage data) with businesses that are legally part the same group companies that provoco part of, that become part that group. affiliates may use this information help provide, understand, and improve the service (including providing analytics) and affiliates' own services (including providing you with better and more relevant experiences). but these affiliates will honor the choices you make about who can see your photos. also may share your information well information from tools like cookies, log files, and device identifiers and location data, with third-party organizations that help provide the service you. our service providers will given access your information reasonably necessary provide the service under reasonable confidentiality terms. may also share certain information such cookie data with third-party advertising partners. this information would allow third-party networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will most interest you. may remove parts data that can identify you and share anonymized data with other parties. may also combine your information with other information way that longer associated with you and share that aggregated information. parties with whom you may choose share your user content: any information content that you voluntarily disclose for posting the service, such user content, becomes available the public, controlled any applicable privacy settings that you set. change your privacy settings the service, please change your profile setting. once you have shared user content made public, that user content may re-shared others. you remove information that you posted the service, copies may remain viewable cached and archived pages the service, other users third parties using the provoco api have copied saved that information. what happens the event change control: sell otherwise transfer part the whole provoco our assets another organization (e.g., the course transaction like merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation), your information such name and email address, user content and any other information collected through the service may among the items sold transferred. you will continue own your user content. the buyer transferee will have honor the commitments have made this privacy policy. responding legal requests and preventing harm: may access, preserve and share your information response legal request (like search warrant, court order subpoena) have good faith belief that the law requires so. this may include responding legal requests from jurisdictions outside the european union where have good faith belief that the response required law that jurisdiction, affects users that jurisdiction, and consistent with internationally recognized standards. may also access, preserve and share information when have good faith belief necessary to: detect, prevent and address fraud and other illegal activity; protect ourselves, you and others, including part investigations; and prevent death imminent bodily harm. information receive about you may accessed, processed and retained for extended period time when the subject legal request obligation, governmental investigation, investigations concerning possible violations our terms policies, otherwise prevent harm. any information content that you voluntarily disclose for posting the service, such user content, becomes available the public, controlled any applicable privacy settings that you set. change your privacy settings the service, please change your profile setting. once you have shared user content made public, that user content may re-shared others. you remove information that you posted the service, copies may remain viewable cached and archived pages the service, other users third parties using the provoco api have copied saved that information. forward looking statements this whitepaper contains forward-looking statements. the words phrases "would be," "will allow," "intends to," "will," "shall," "will likely result," "are expected to," "will continue," "is anticipated," "estimate," "project," similar expressions are intended identify "forward-looking statements." all information set forth this whitepaper, except historical and factual information, represents forward-looking statements. this includes all statements about the project plans, beliefs, estimates and expectations. these statements are based current estimates and projections, which involve certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results differ materially from those the forward-looking statements. these risks and uncertainties include issues related to: rapidly changing technology and evolving standards the industries which the company and its subsidiaries operate; the ability obtain sufficient funding continue operations, maintain adequate cash flow, profitably exploit new business, license and sign new agreements; the unpredictable nature consumer preferences; and other factors. readers are cautioned not place undue reliance these forward-looking statements, which reflect management's analysis only the date hereof. the company undertakes obligation publicly revise these forward-looking statements reflect events circumstances that arise after the date hereof. readers should carefully review the risks and uncertainties described other documents that the company publishes.