all connected, media content protocol for multilayered monetization whitepaper version table contents preface abstract background publyto vision publyto publyto's strategy multi-layered source revenue introducing blockchain balance power innovation rules limit traditional incentives strategy support individual's profit making plug-in market status social comment plug-in market competitiveness publyto plug-in contents reward plug-in comment reward plug-in advertisement holding plug-in fund holding plug-in publyto's architecture publyto blockchain don't build blockchain choosing eos blockchain ways secure eos resources publyto contents portal publyto test bed envicase publyto external dapps publyto token ecosystem deposit system and penalty reward system reward ratio contents reward comment reward holding advertisements holding fund inflation building inflation policy relationship between reward pool decay rates token flow list major interested parties (stakeholder list) scenario reputation system account whitelist individuals and organizations eos mainnet strategy publyto's goal targeted market targeted penetration rate publyto development plan patent application plan roadmap token launch issue information publyto tokens distribution use tokens distribution chart team advisors early investors partners alliances conclusion disclaimer supporting documents links glossary preface first, highly appreciate your great interest publyto. this whitepaper was written provide better description publyto projects. below the list order made help you understand systematically. summary ii. abstract/strategy iii. architecture/token ecosystem iv. goal/development plan others part this paper describes the overall summary the contents help you understand key points faster. part describes the background publyto well its vision and strategies. you may understand why publyto necessary and what services publyto provides realize distinguished values. part iii this paper deals with the specific technology used publyto, which explains the overall architecture and describes how each component plays its roles. also includes the token ecosystem publyto and token related policies. part introduces the goal publyto while clearly providing the specific development plan where you can look the future model publyto the last part this paper includes key financial information and plans for utility help those who participate publyto build and upgrade the ecosystem. you may assume the possibility publyto looking the team and strategic investors verified through existing businesses, and other excellent advisor groups and partners. this whitepaper composed -level subjects. marking the subject level will help you look the overall theme the document. shown below, sizes and styles the characters distinguish the subject levels. level subject level subject level subject phrases expressed with the following style includes the core information the following contents. this style describes the core phrases. please note that honorific language not used for simplicity purpose. please visit the channels below for communication for any inquiries opinions while reading this whitepaper. telegram(link) medium (link) twitter (link) summary the media content industry, many innovative blockchain based projects emerged. all happened recently. start-ups, madhive and truth presented released platforms designed promote transparency and fairness media advertisement contents via blockchain, and poetet and steem gave ugc (user generated contents) the innovative economic value. some parts, blockchainbased media companies gathered build adledger consortium. who will the new game changer the media contents industry? commonly, the interest blockchain media companies are focused cryptocurrency rewards, open ledger, decentralization and settling their own consensus algorithm and token economy. various concepts and technologies such dapp, platform, and protocols are conjoined, and several entrepreneurs are aligning the one direction the magnetic field where there strong oasis called the independent cryptocurrency ecosystem. legacy, which includes wandering direction without receiving the benefit new technology, exists places where these entrepreneurs have left seek decentralization. means that there are legacy medias who couldn't even get board the change blockchain and cryptocurrencies, which include personal blogs and social blogs where more than million posts are published, social medias, presses, magazines, shopping malls, etc. users who have experienced the new age called cryptocurrencies and rewards have enlightened themselves and they are slowly moving their places. recovering coexistence humans are selfish preserve themselves, pursue pleasure, and avoid pain. meanwhile, humans are selfless way that they become interested other's happiness. frequently witness groups chimpanzees who trim their hair. also, there common phenomenon. when chimpanzee asks for food, the other chimpanzee shares the food was eating. there correlation between these two. trims b's hair first, more likely that would share its food with the other hand, asks for food even though trims b's hair, will refuse. means 'they are willing help others only the others have helped them'. likewise, called 'free riding (selfish act that one only receives without sharing)' species will face difficulties surviving. this truth commonly used all social relationships such between people, people and groups, and groups with other groups. impatient legacy medias rush, social media companies who can't get away with their greed for monopoly profits, and users who turned away from them. what are ways recover the coexistence while maintaining the relationship without all them having engineer the closed cryptocurrency reward system, discard the legacy, being against their greed for money? yes! plug-in! let's connect with publyto plug-in which allows cross-media, fair and unified rules, easy installation, and recovery legacy. with different technologies, ui, and systems among media platforms, can build the unified standard while connecting the line content distribution. building dapp has high technical barrier for regular users who want introduce the cryptocurrency reward system. meanwhile, companies with long history must bear quite lot opportunity cost. without smart contracts, consensus algorithm, main nets and other complicated tasks, copy and paste the embed link scripts, the procedure install plug-in will easy inserting usb driver laptop. multilayered source revenue reward pool partly assigned during token distribution, secured the increment issued annually inflating from the total token issued amount. since cannot guarantee that all token values will accelerate and lead the bear market, the token value does not meet the increasing speed users, reward system may lose the core function reward fairly. bars make more money from selling food than alcohol. top content rewards provided publishers, curators, and commenters, publyto secures additional profit pool provide opportunities hold advertisements and funding. one wants add more traffic contents, one may 'buy' plug-in advertisement accounts installed the popular contents through real-time bidding system using publyto tokens. the other hand, because other publishers become the owner medias who hold advertisements, they take the most portion selling profit from advertisement accounts. unlike the reward pool which occupies portion the total token issued, the total token issued becomes the profit pool, thus correspondingly leading more and larger transactions. this definitely advantage when compared other tokens that depend reward pools terms its size and consistency when building stable economy. the ecosystem publyto far beyond the regular benefit called contents and comment rewards. rather, fertile land opportunity where content creators can actively make sales owners media. wave-type profit proactive profit hold fund contents reward me-media owner [figure chance create proactive personal profits user user profit accelerators publyto, chosen influencers from countries, envicase until the vision publyto was defined, envicase has put its best have shoppers influencers who lead the media content market flow into the user layer. envicase community where shoppers boast pictures items they owe and share reviews. was first launched the market and expanded the european market. currently, has stable user bases countries over the world. for community where active and unique publishers from fashion, beauty, and living fields gather, will the major engine lead the token economy the dapp publyto network. how far should go? publyto users can easily install plug-in any ugc (user generated content) types such personal blogs, social blogs, and communities. furthermore, they can hold rewards and funds. users can even create profits through user user based advertisement transaction. plug-ins like tumblr, wordpress, etc. are applied users, each individual media instantly tied into relationship between publyto and dapp. the destination that publyto heading not the ugc market but the corporate media content market. companies can secure new source profits with publyto plug-in rules through publyto smart contract and api for companies. furthermore, social media companies are applicable for obligation rules that editors and journalists working for companies can have source additional income other than regular benefits. this sense, not too much emphasize the vision publyto which aims become the legal international standard (iso) the entire media content market the blockchain based personal profit making network and publicly certified the practical standard currency the media content market. blog social blog social media etc. gif platform press video platform consumer magazine [figure content aggregators relationship with publyto abstract background publyto facebook and twitter, blogspot and wordpress, instagram and snapchat, medium and tumblr, and youtube and twitch are banning simultaneous sending and showing strong antipathy terms the business. users consistently pursue cross platform. however, they are scattered the end, and they are only settled channels where traffics are verified lose their motivation. uncompetitive platforms lose their power and efforts and devotion users vanish. existing publishers have already left while discarding contents that they had published. the issue amensalism amensalism refers relationship which one either suppressed dies but the other not harmed. one side not influenced all. but, the other side either damaged dies. the subject for the media the public. the public obtains information and relationships from the environment that the media provides. when there are alternatives other than traditional top medias, the stance most users was fixed the information recipient. therefore, special criticisms were raised for the media company having monopoly over advertisement revenues. however, since the emergence the great storm called 'social', the public has become the information provider and the media has become the information recipient. then, what should media services this reverse trend? though more users are signed, and enormous profits are made from contents published users and advertisements, most the advertisement profits are taken them well. the public and the user want different things. they have enlightened themselves and raised their voices tackle the issue amensalism. statista, types media most often included typical blog post according global bloggers dec https://www.statista.com/statistics//blogging-media-content/ profit monopoly player faking gate-keeper the number media content information geometrically increasing. quintillion bytes data, short, all media contents have been produced over the past years, which proves that content publishing has settled into daily act communication the modern people. however, despite providing multibillion dollars financial value media companies, these companies still not regard content publishers the subject for profit distribution. rather, difficult regard them the subject. the profit loss corporation that reflects the rewarded amount into the cost sales, fixed reward system exclusive factor that drastically reduce the profitability. practically impossible change give the existing profit model medias which monopolize profits from traffic where millions users and billions data are connected with media companies the intermediary. even small trials can result astronomical loss and breakaway users. for example, youtube, which thought have the most progressive reward system, has taken conservative measure control the reward rule. youtube announced policy that channels under views were not eligible for rewards regardless advertisements after april, th, since then, lesser-known publishers, whose major source income was from advertisements, have left youtube. people also criticize the prohibition shadow play which either randomly decreases the estimated profit blocks simultaneous sending. among publishers who post create personal income the media content market, especially the ugc field, less than them make profits from media company's direct support working affiliate advertisement models. their monthly average advertisement income less than frustrating say whether such behavior right wrong due since issue with the business's structure. however, clearly unbalanced and unfair. limits existing blockchain based media blockchain based media services transparently publishes the distribution rewards through open ledgers and cryptocurrencies. moreover, they are attempting have information providers and recipients coexist without media services interrupting them and helping distribute rewards depending the degree contribution. they have built new paradigms while changing the master-servant user experience relationship the autonomous experiences. advanced strategy aims expand own token economy platforms and external dapps harmonize like steem's smt and appics. this strategy also evaluated that would give general impact the media content industry. however, the concept 'reward' rather wave-type nature and has smaller pool (reward pool) than the users expect. token economy that heavily relies rewards will have users stay 'worker' this hierarchy, and the reward pool limited the increment which inflates from from the annual token issued amount, not the total token amount issued. meanwhile, reward pool proportionally expanded when the token value increases. ironically, stable reward pool required for the token value increase the other hand. vision publyto core value publication crypto publyto the word publyto combination publication and crypto. coexistence five elements, which compresses the aspects all things the universe with things, the core value. the drawing below describes how nature coexists through the coexistence five elements. wood becomes fuel for bigger fire. fire becomes part the soil once they are burnt. soil becomes iron under the ground. iron contains water, and water nurtures wood. wood wood water fire water fire mutualism metal metal earth [figure mutualism/creation/generation cycle earth [figure mutual aversion/control/ destruction cycle nature moves maintain the balance and coexistence nature. meanwhile, under the freedom choices, humans often have unique opportunities either stay balanced with the nature break the balance. this the special coexistence between the nature and humans. voluntarily choose stay balanced with the nature, will reach the new practical existence, experiencing the full completeness the nature. this defines the compliance the principle the nature called mutual benefits and consideration. the core value publyto follows the claim made professor eugene odum, who known the father the ecology. cooperation for mutual benefit, survival strategy very common natural systems, one that humanity needs emulate. vision the effective and legal (iso) international standard the entire media content market the blockchain based personal profit generating network (e.g. adobe pdf iso the media content market, there are million independent type blogs, million social blog accounts, and billion social media accounts. there are also billions personal/organizational contents within it. among the billion internet using population, more than them are directly connected the media content market. publyto wants connect the line (network) that penetrates the overall media content market, plant the tree (plug-in), and create the self-reliance ecosystem where things coexist like trees the amazon that pour rains themselves through transpiration. [figure publyto media connected ecosystem publyto's strategy multilayered source revenue the reward pool blockchain media are staying the very initial stage the currency economy, where tokens are assigned during the initial distribution stage supplementing with the newly issued resources from token inflation policies. emphasized before, the token economy can extended along with various demands only becomes sizable enough contain the value economy, practical economy and even the credit economy. other block chain media: content reward publyto: profit reward content reward [figure figure compare the size profit pool cannot optimistic with the future value tokens and services simply extending the size profit pools because the core variable token economy the tokenomic circulation. order not limit profit activities 'making', contents need have more value they circulate the distribution system. furthermore, the economic value formed with publyto token being the intermediary, the reach the network value chain expanded, and the information's richness accelerates. publyto connects pipe-lines for advertising with interfaces publyto plugin installed throughout the media content market. hence, content creators execute the part content reward that they had already secured directly buy the advertisement account set other's plug-in that the reach rate their contents can enhanced. more exposure opportunity means the chance for additional reward. furthermore, individuals can also sell their advertisement accounts others make profits. content creation and profitability distribution are compatible, token values will increase naturally. the other hand, can optimize the utility distribution profitability and content creation token values increase. initial tokens issued inflation content reward pool content creating reward content creator (selling/buying account) provides additional content exposure increase content reward execute and hold ads execute and hold ads provides additional content exposure increase content reward content creator (selling/buying account) content creating reward content reward pool initial tokens issued inflation advertisement profit pool total tokens issued [figure the size publyto profit pool and its economy cycle introducing blockchain numerous blockchain projects either focuses the decentralized technology blockchain free ride the blind future values the mega trend. decentralization technology could required for the human world only people become certain economical and emotional continuing values that many interested parties will make the entry market field and when the community shares realistically common thoughts. blockchain, technology for capital funding and reckless investment? there continual value the vision that aims achieve? what continual value? balance power decentralization, other word, means 'autonomous ecosystem'. decentralization has strengths uncorrupt characteristics and service fields that conflict with various controls, regulations, and laws. the core value coexistence embedded the soul publyto describes its eagerness establish the economic democracy and autonomous ecosystem the entire media content markets. monopoly, tyranny, and fraud come from the unbalanced power. publyto aims prove the idea reality where all objects the blockchain media content ecosystem have balanced power and realize the democratic capitalism. blockchain based individual profitmaking plug-in released the entire market that can take the lead unfolding content rewards, let alone the advertisement revenue and funding profit activities. moreover, adapts the widget builder installation method, which can used heavily fragmented media contents and browser types and specifies the interface. central decentral [figure central versus decentral innovation regulations blockchain decentralization technology required when innovate the visible economic servant-master relationship traditional media content markets and change the market into the coexistence relationship that has distributed authorities. users are not the object for the reward but are oneperson entrepreneurs who increase revenues from their media. the status users should elevated from the service object the business owner. unstandardized regulations were the problems despite many attempts until now when only need one person for creating contents. need changes physical environment and regulations change the owner medias. protocols operating publyto blockchain has smart contract, which allows regular users experience being the owner regulations. other words, users can the nodes with decision rights. this also means that they can escape from control and tyranny from those who have regulations. moreover, can recover the original value called copyright while expecting transparency sharing and distributing. control power made traditional medias disappear, and the door liberate from capitals, cost, formats, types, and organization control limiting the content creation will open. isaiah berlin's concept liberty passive liberty (liberalism) definition liberty undominated liberty active liberty (republicanism) (communitarianism) absence interruption absence dominance performance civil activities limits traditional incentives publyto has noble duty that will settle the individual profit-making the enormous and entire media content ecosystem. however, choosing traditional incentive methods such points and credits would different from the structure centralized stock companies. points are 'allowances', which are recognized liabilities accounting. prospective use points limited due issues such decrease stock price and liquidity. even affiliated fee-based reward models such cpc/cpm/cpa adopted the overall existing digital content industry, advertisement clients with capital power and gatekeepers control the reward standard. intermediary solution provider takes larger fee and the secondary fee shared users and service providers (ad account providers). these companies will also provide extremely small portion rewards users for their sales profit. worse cases, these providers take the entire portion fee profits. result, because stock company-based models traditional incentive providing methods can severely harm the profit rate because rewards are included the cost sales. therefore, almost impossible secure the 'reward pool' which can cover the entire media content market. decentralization inevitable. reward advertisement client platform business owner intermediary solution companies service providing companies [figure ]customary individual profit-making procedures personal contents user strategy support individual's profit making plug-in publyto connects plug-ins the entire media content market stay away from the paradoxical business model which closes the convenience opentype blockchain their closed company service. publyto plug-in provides significantly free interface such embedded link, script, and hyperlinks that users are obstructed content types. first look the market competitiveness for the strategy publyto plugin and will followed specific description the content reward plug-in, comment reward plug-in, advertisement holding plug-in, and funding holding plug-in. lastly, predict the growth potentiality the plug-in model. market status social comment plug-in for social comment services, centered disqus, the leading company, there are livefyre, intensedebates, echo, cocomment, tangler, etc. especially, the growth disqus was incredible that the number monthly users reached approximately billion years since the start the business. march st, facebook also announced facebook comment plug-in that normal users can use. following this trend, websites such techcrunch which the major client disqus, gigaom, and the daily beast changed their comment services facebook. despite the announcement comment plug-in facebook, disqus, the leader the industry, had grown even further. similar foursquare which added million more users the existing million users when facebook announced places, similar service foursquare may th, approximately websites all over the world are using social comment plugins, and the number dominated disqus and facebook's comment system. datanyze, "market-share comment-systems" may https://www.datanyze.com/market-share/comment-systems/datanyze%universe/alexa%top%m social comment service market share source: datanyze, ranking technology domains market share facebook comments disqus intensedebate livefyre spot.im viafoura js-kit vuukle gigya comments plugin echo source: datanyze, may market competitiveness publyto plug-in can the existing comment plug-in service market and publyto plug-in coexist? why did steem show when there were traditional social media platforms like facebook twitter? disqus recently started project support individual profit-making. the project, companies post their ads comment plug-ins and share profit shares with users. however, they seem reluctant use the blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies. rather, the technological perspective only, claims that blockchain regressive sense that delays all sections minutes each. facebook plug-in limited for the purpose user influx, information collection, and increasing traffic. furthermore, strategies generate individual profits are concentrated applications and websites. unless replaces the entire legacy system with blockchain based ones spending astronomical opportunity costs, staying away from the existing profit model challenging. one the reasons publyto introduced blockchain experience and realize the great cause values called 'coexistence' and 'consilience' which scatter the media authority through decentralization. the possibility emergence new unreplaced source, and the structure media content markets that have been centralized until the age internet will regress and achieve immutability and continuity. authorities are scattered and profit distribution becomes transparent and fair. such advantages may change the organizational structure. thus, may expect variability using the characteristic called 'collectivity values', not the centralized power structure, let alone the increasing possibility technology fusion. one shouldn't worry about blockchain, token, reward, and individual profitmaking. installing publyto plug-in easily features the content reward and advertisement model without being hindered media types and subjects. media content markets can categorized various markets differentiating the reward system depending video/text/voice media types content topics. each distinguished market can distribute different types tokens and ways reward may differ. such market specification closed one specific market causes inconvenience since one needs experience other token ecosystem one uses contents other neighboring markets. publyto network, any types and topics medias and contents can tied into one token ecosystem solve such issue. can easily operate content reward and advertisement model simply installing plug-ins. the model not hindered types and topics such video contents like youtube newspaper article type text contents. some may claim that markets should distinguished because creating video contents generally require more cost than text contents, thus providing higher rewards for creating videos. however, publyto emphasizes its dependency evaluations curators who use the contents when evaluating the media contents. value contents should not evaluated topics media types. reasonable rely decisions readers who read and listen the contents. publyto connects all media contents into one create massive network. this massive network allows enjoy all types and topics contents just one market, the publyto token world. content reward plug-in content reward plug-in includes content making and curation reward. publyto users can install and use without being hindered media content types and topics. curator expresses the degree sympathy with voting power, the reward amount for contents and curation will defined correspondingly. for sympathy means, often call 'like'. publyto, shown [figure below, call 'thanks'. contents published publyto are different from others terms time and effort spent issuing contents, and the scope wide enough cover daily stories useful information and professional knowledge. the idea came from the humanity encourages praise more and further share reciprocal emotion depth. [figure plug-in standard curators should log-in the network before voting. [figure log-in process comment reward plug-in publyto, even one comment treated content and receives reward plug-in. similar twitter's tweet, comments can defined organized messages providing valuable information experience, these also should subject rewards publyto. the below depicts the comment reward plug-in product reviews from commerce services. [figure comment reward plug-in standard advertisement holding plug-in content creators can hold advertisements using profit plug-in. because posts published publyto are used advertisement materials, can maintain consistent and refreshing like native advertisements. the below depicts the advertisement profit plug-in applied newspaper articles. contents before pressing 'promote'(for admin) contents after pressing 'promote'(for admin) [figure advertisement application routes and deal screen fund holding plug-in content creators can have profit activities from funding well advertisements. the below describes the example for collecting funds for video content creators. one can immediately check the list supporters. collecting funds confirm the identity publyto and strengthens the bond among members, contributing expanding the ecosystem publyto. give monthly give once top cheerers leaderboard [figure cheering routes and amount setting screen cheerer list publyto architecture described the figure below, the architecture publyto composed total layers. publyto blockchain located the basis provide distributed open ledgers and the environment execute smart contracts, promise publyto ecosystem. all logics for trust maintenance exists smart contract. read-only api for searching content lists and api for writing generate individual profits top it. read-only api can directly accessed dapp. however, writing-only api cannot. writing enforces them use provided plug-in prevent overuse and misuse writing data. content portals call all contents within publyto and guide that individual profit-making plug-ins can used. likewise, these portals provide the marketplace for advertisement trading. dapps that want all media content services can easily bring various plug-ins from content portals and they are settled one the components publyto network. let's start from the bottom the top the following phrases examine each component. [figure publyto architecture diagram publyto blockchain don't own blockchain publyto does not build its own blockchain, rather uses mature blockchain system. can secure enough nodes maintain decentralized ecosystem? there are some realistic concerns whether can solely concentrate the service succeed. most blockchains are open sources and because they encourage many people partake development opening their sources, more likely that they would discover and resolve issues and bugs. these open sources can utilized they are long they suit our goals. needed, sources could added edited. using open sources, anyone can implement blockchains. however, what decides the success blockchain does not depend how well person constructs the chain, but rather depend how many people participate the ecosystem. nothing complete unless you put final shape. matter how well constructed blockchain is, there are not sufficient nodes implement the chain, the blockchain world nothing. publyto uses blockchain which can secure sufficient nodes, finding clue solve issues. it's similar the idea when purchase licenses without having implement necessary database ourselves when building web-services. it's not too much say that paying usage fee for blockchain with sufficient nodes much more economical than putting lots cost encourage many nodes participate. commonly, many blockchain cases, ones which showed their will build their own blockchains put their concentration entirely the blockchain. they put significant efforts and time out their budget build blockchains, doing their utmost effort construct stern ecosystem. however, should never forget that the service made top the blockchain the essence it, rather than the blockchain itself. with enormous amounts capital being invested, choosing blockchain ecosystem platforms could maybe obvious choice. concentrate the service publyto rather than wasting limited resources building and operating own blockchains, can provide better service quality users, well faster development. but, should devise minimum technical and policy measures that can build and operate our own chain ecosystem cases when the stability chain use collapses. choosing eos blockchain principle, publyto not building their own blockchain and uses blockchain system with mature ecosystem. because publyto blockchain records daily activities, transaction fees should none extremely small, and transaction speed must fast enough operate stable services publyto plug-in. publyto primarily uses eos blockchain, smart contract-based chain. find grave security issues with eos, ethereum, tron, neo are other available choices. below are the reasons publyto chose eos the primary option. all blockchains need means solve issues with malicious users wasting the volume with useless transactions. useless transactions should not prevent significant transactions performed. realistic measure impose proper fees for writing works within the blockchain data. publyto, activities including reading other people's contents and pressing 'like' are recorded the blockchain utilize means measure the content reward amount. adding transaction fees daily activities could raise huge disinterest for users. users may stop the use services fees are imposed activities that they expect free charge. eos stays away from collecting fees for each transaction but allocates resources enough make transactions much the number eos tokens one own. one can benefit from the exemption transaction fees one owns eos tokens equivalent the volume transactions process. eosio, "eos.io technical white paper mar https://github.com/eosio/documentation/blob/master/technicalwhitepaper.md consensus algorithm eos adopts delegated proof stake (dpos), method introduced steem and bitshare. block cycle second and can process millions transactions per second. estimate that the speed the chain enough for the initial publyto network settle. however, case transaction speed issues with eos due soaring traffic increase, side independent chains can considered. ways secure eos resources largely, eos resources consist bandwidth, cpu, and ram. use the bandwidth and cpu resources are guaranteed proportion the volume staked eos tokens. meanwhile, ram cannot earned from staking. ram needs purchased much they are required and purchased ram can sold whenever needed. eos resources will secured through simultaneous and multilayered method through three large ways. first method secure required eos resources directly purchasing eos native tokens with fund received from publyto ifo. this case, shall focus the cost average effect through periodic purchase whenever necessary with macro-perspective, rather than purchasing eos tokens once. price eos token changes lot. relying the market price difference requires significant risk because finding proper time buy/sell difficult. spending the entire capital once would pose negative influence the publyto network case there large market price difference. need approach carefully. fund purchase eos tokens should not regarded special cost from using eos blockchain, rather recommended think alternative cost develop/operate own blockchain. must remind ourselves that development and operation cost own blockchain may require much more capital than purchasing eos tokens. the second method get support from eos block producers. most block producers are committing support selecting dapps activate the eos ecosystem. it's opportunity provide convenience dapp nurturing users. also opportunity for get more votes promoting their status. publyto, investment from bps will utilized strategically secure eos native tokens. allows eos resources secured while producing synergy among the parties. the third way for securing eos resources lease bandwidth and cpu resources. ram cannot leased while bandwidth and cpu can be. lease cost, this case, similar the mining reward bitcoin. it's equivalent the idea that provides publyto tokens through inflation, which correspond the hardware resources provided process transactions. publyto content portals call all media contents applied with publyto plug-ins. becomes the marketplace for all publyto related activities like sign-up/login, plug-in usage guide, advertisement transaction, content publishing, trending, searching, profit monitoring, cryptocurrency trading, etc. calling contents the figure below shows the example publyto content portal. shows how all published posts inserted with publyto plug-ins are automatically called. called contents are registered into individual newsrooms within the publyto portal, allowing published contents from different media platforms collected. for popular contents, they also get chances introduced the portal main page. [figure main page publyto portal giving featured editor permission high reviewers for major communities and content portal main pages, there are featured fields represented editor's picks, and top thanked post. high reviewers get the permission without publyto interrupting them. gives significant value overcoming the limits existing blockchain medias where good contents cannot show their potential due power capitals. furthermore, for publyto high reviewers, contents that cannot filtered with mfa like screen captures are delegated with ombudsman, guiding them filtered naturally. publishing own contents for publishers who not have external media accounts use hope publish native contents more stable environment, publyto portal provides the editing place where they can publish original posts themselves. meets regular blog editing types such writing, picture, video, link, and script. also supports multi-media editors publish video photo centered contents like youtube and instagram. hence, publyto constructs omniscient network containing the pipeline content distribution and the publishing market. [figure ]blog editor main screenshot multimedia editor main screenshot re-publishing external social media posts when logging-in social media from the publyto portal, you can load posts published the media. loads pictures, writings, links, and other factors that compose posts, which makes different from the sharing function that brings only thumbnails. api and sdk from facebook, instagram, youtube, etc. are used. when completing the post, the post automatically creates the publyto plug-in. re-highlights the high-quality contents left existing social media and allows generate profitability. prevent theft, other words, infringement copyrights, that one generates revenue copying and pasting other's post links, requires one log-in with one's own social media account, well the initial one-time mfa (multi-factor authentication). posts can loaded through social media libraries that one logged into. but, the account address registered publyto's whitelist, can conduct validity test, allowing load with post links shown [figure below. [figure example loading youtube posts providing profit and data analytics one can specifically monitor one's individual profit generating experience through roi proof. moreover, provides the insight increase loyalties conducting diagnosis for content campaigns with profiles subscribers. concentrates discovering subscribers with curation and who are highly likely sponsor, forming the initial relationship, enlarging the contact points, and others that help provide core capabilities content marketers. other word, the content campaigns ultimately analytically examine the relationship that lead (lead: information subscribers who can the direct subject for individual profit-making) connected profit outcomes and help establish effective tactics. moreover, provides fragmented analytic factors enable dimensional monitoring such device, region, channel, and time analysis. [figure screenshot profit analysis summary campaign tool support supports for certified high profiter and high reviewers. media owners, publishers get opportunities communicate with other publishers, subscribers, curators, sponsors, and advertisement client group individually. below the list tools. seo spider tool key planner: one can search evaluation information keywords considered increase the inflow and search rank. e-mail marketing smip tool: supports mail templates and sending system. one can design automated follow-up designs recipient's activities. direct messaging tool: it's used among high profiters and high reviewers. the purpose this create mutual synergy among core users sharing highquality information making content partnerships, etc. seo support many publishers probably know the importance backlink. search logics google bing decide the importance and relevant order documents depending how frequently certain document referred other documents. the end, websites with more backlinks have more advantages seo search. all media contents called the publyto content portal after installing plugs automatically receive backlinks publyto.com/specific sequence. additionally, they are dual posted communities within the content portals featured boards, increasing the frequency reference. the volume backlinks rises, the probability that original contents posted the original creator will stay top the google search will rise. additionally, exposure frequency publyto plug-in will increase proportionally. semantic seo applies well. process that gives more meaning words used contents. it's not answer simple quarry but means understand and optimize the intention users. other word, distinguishes the true intention answering the first question, followed second, third, fourth fifth questions. for your reference, doorway website page that certain search words stay top the order. doorway not useful for users since doorway presents several similar pages the user search result, moving the same location when the user clicks each result. high content search orders shouldn't considered the factor which decide the success seo strategies. it's important have transition centered approach. it's simple. the goal not simply get many links but increase qualities overall websites and contents. all tasks such contents, meta title, description, comment, image, video, and social postings need implemented with higher quality. matches the fundamental reason publyto network provides the reputation system well individual profit-making plug-in and consensus algorithm. [figure calling external contents and search engine publyto test bed envicase envicase? publyto's first dapp and content publishing service launched it's using picture sharing social media type secure marketability. envicase collecting core influential user layers from fashion/beauty/living content writers. currently, has secured members from countries and the unique social reach has expanded billion people. asia mid east, india, africa [figure user ratio continents female yeoja male namja generation female dominance who enjoy using instagram and snapchat inseutageuraem, seunaebcaeseul jeulgyeo sayonghaneun focusing female users leading the entire jeonce sobijaekontenceu sijangeul ridinghaneun yeoseongsayongja jungsim consumable content market [figure user ratio ages and gender market position envicase consumable goods content focused social community where style publishers mainly from fashion, beauty, living, art, and other lifestyle fields share useful information and shopping experiences using items they own and satisfy their greed boast. has the sharing value original contents harmonized with ostentation and usefulness. the ratio self-created contents envicase will the example model publyto and aim settle the channel generate individual profit-making well representative community for thousands style publishers who are the core engine the consumable goods content market. publishers can multitask they are the owner, editor, and sales manager vogue magazine while growing their influence and profitability the same time. [figure screenshot current version [figure ]screenshot publyto fusion version leadership the community unique that publishers from fashion, beauty, living, and culture fields with active and unique personalities gather. expect show the leadership lead the whole publyto network and the token economy. because complies with the standard regulation publyto protocol, shall maintain its independency dapp and does not have separate advantage. publyto external dapps below are the examples help you understand how external media sources can dapps publyto. examples with representative nature were chosen. the actual environment, can installed all platforms with digital media features. type blog media type: blog method: embedded ink, script, hyperlink, url link [figure example blog wordpress type social blog media type: social blog method: embedded ink, script, hyperlink, url link [figure social blog example medium type social media media type: social media method: republish (social log-in, loading posts api) [figure social media example facebook and instagram type video platform media type: video platform method: republish (social log-in, loading videos api, embedded video link) [figure video platform example youtube type press media type: press method: embedded link, script, hyperlink, url link, company-type api [figure press example nyt type magazine media type: magazine method: script, company-type api [figure magazine company example vogue type ecommerce media type: ecommerce method: script, company-type [figure commerce example ebay type web toon media type: web toon service method: script, company-type api [figure ]commerce example lezhin comics publyto token ecosystem deposit system and penalty publyto(pub), token used the publyto network, can freely traded the exchanges. value pub may plunge huge volume tokens sold. those who look for the short term profit reckless investment may threaten the stability pub. need those with long-term perspective sustain stable community stay away from threats speculative forces. publyto, deposit system allows ink interests for depositor. instead, takes time withdraw. members will deposit for interest. however, since withdrawal takes time, preventing lots tokens sold once. takes total weeks withdraw all deposited tokens. every time passes one week from the date withdraw requested, from the entire tokens withdrawn, meaning that takes total weeks for withdrawal. deposited tokens cannot used for transaction, but they can immediately withdrawn penalties are paid. individual profit-making system publyto, can categorize the individual profit-making system rewards and holding profits broader view. reward profit given from the ecosystem through inflation. holding profit different from rewards sense that creates profits exchanging tokens among users publyto. reward distinguished content reward and comment reward. likewise, holding profit consists advertisement holding and fund holding. reward system content rewards publyto are supplemented through inflation. content rewards consist creating reward and curator reward. creating reward ratio low, discourages create contents. the other hand, low curation reward means losing activeness consistent content consumption. need heuristic approach through service operation for the ratio two, not through mathematical proof. publyto, defined the initial reward ratio for creating and curation and respectively, the same ratio used steemit. also plan improve reasonable degree line with the growth the ecosystem. content reward curation reward content reward ratio the power which decides the size the reward increases the number token holdings. when those with lots tokens make votes, they give more influence the curation and creating rewards than those with smaller tokens would influence. there are mainly three types how the token holding volume influences the reward. let x-axis the token holding volume and y-axis the influence power pictures below. the very left linear function means that token holding volume directly proportional the influence over rewards. one unit token exercises one unit influence power. meanwhile, the power function the middle means that token holding volume exercises the influence power (square, cube). one unit token gives influence square cubic power. compared the linear function, the power function has much larger influence. the root function the right means that the token holding volume's influence power root (square root, cubic root), the opposite the power function. true that more token holding means more influence rewards, but one unit token exercises its influence values square cubic roots. linear power root [figure influence power rewards token holding volume the influence power rewards order power linear root function. can generalize these functions the below. equals linear function. larger than power function, and smaller than root function. finding the most optimized value for the ecosystem nearly impossible prove mathematically. experience needed for this approach. value higher, the token influence power will greater, meaning that more token holding will lead dominance. give higher influence the ecosystem, users will compete get tokens, which increases the token value. however, can have side effect. primarily discuss the quantitative theory tokens, will worsen the issue with 'the rich getting richer and the poor getting poorer'. the below depicts the number account each level july th, the steemit service. each level categorized token holdings. the number accounts the level with the lowest token holding was had the highest proportion all, with the total amount. [figure-] number steemit accounts levels(based july, the figure below graph the sum influence power rewards for each level class. the sum the lowest level's influence power meanwhile, the influence power that the highest level has divided which makes the influence power that one person from the highest level gets the influence power the total accounts from the lowest level. @arcange, "steemit statistics" jul https://steemit.com/statistics/@arcange/steemit-statistics--en [figure-]sum voting power levels(based july such unbalanced influence power may prevent the inflow new users who barely have any tokens. despite hard works and good contents made these users, the size reward heavily dependent accounts with lots tokens, the new users with few tokens will greatly discouraged. publyto seeks reduce the 'the rich get richer, the poor get poorer' issue and the unbalance influence power adjusting the value mentioned. broader view, design the value, the influence token holding amounts, less than people with lots tokens give influences. however, when thinking unit token and its influence power, those with smaller tokens can give larger influences. this considered lead new users and help them actively create contents. publyto ecosystem, it's not the world made few users with lots tokens, but should the world made users regardless their token holding size, because our noble duty have valuable contents read more users. despite the net function that can reduce the rich get richer, and the poor get poorer issue, can targeted sybil's attack. for example, user with tokens can benefit more from using two accounts with tokens each than managing one account terms the user's influence power shown below. @arcange, "steemit statistics" jul https://steemit.com/statistics/@arcange/steemit-statistics--en splitting tokens into smaller pieces and having more accounts give more influence power rewards. publyto uses recaptcha block civil attacks automated programs from sign log in. moreover, prevents market confusion restricting ratios that certain devices can perform during certain periods. content rewards content reward distinguished creating reward and curation reward, encouraging production good quality contents. content rewards depend the weight voting power that contents receive. voting power refers the volume inks that readers use express their sense sympathy after viewing certain contents. inks can paid out interest through token deposits. inks not only are used for transaction cost blockchain but also used express voting powers. for certain content the reward volume can expressed the following depending the weight the voting power that the content receives one thing consider that the voting power received once can continuously give influences. highly possible that previously written contents can get more content rewards they have more exposure time than contents written recently. supplement this, publyto uses the freshness coefficient. let equals curator, and the elapsed time after voting random content then, the freshness coefficient equals the below equation. equals the entire one-week time gap fai recaptcha, easy humans, hard bots https://www.google.com/recaptcha/intro/index.htm freshness coefficient value that decreases from during oneweek, and voting score calculated multiplying voting power fai applying the coefficient that represents the mentioned influence power, the voting power compute the equation below reduce the increasing wealth gap issue. instead voting power for certain content reward can express voting scores below. voting powers received the past not continuously influence their rewards, and voting power proportional the root value according the token holding volume. the content creating reward takes the content reward amount described below. curation reward can calculated the weight voting power excludes creating reward from the content reward amount. which comment reward comment considered one content and its reward system equivalent the content reward contract mentioned earlier. comment reward also distinguished creating and curation rewards. however, distinguished content reward and comment reward plug-in, showing differences methods usage. holding advertisements each user not only makes profits holding advertisements, but they can also execute advertisements. publyto provides epm (earning per thousand), epc (earning per click), and epa (earning per action). epm calculates holding profits based the exposure times. epc based the number users' clicks. lastly, epa calculation based the number goal implementation such users purchasing commodities. publyto has real-time bidding for advertisement trading. profits earned from holding ads are subject taxes. collected taxes are burnt, causing deflation. though advertisement trading between users, the trading activity based publyto. returning the token ecology taxes through deflation publyto network made numerous users' efforts reasonable procedure. holding fund publyto, not only holds ads but also funds. content subscribers can fund creators for good purposes. tax levied such funds. inflation building inflation policies inflation rate too low, decreases block production and motivation create contents. the other hand, high rate would cause adverse effect, reducing the value publyto tokens. the inflation policy must made considering the balance the two. using fixed inflation value inflation policy using simple time-dependent increasing rates could cause troubles. with the rapid increase users and contents and the planned inflation, rewards for contents and comments can extremely small. the contrary, there high inflation despite the small number users and contents, few users may exclusively possess lots rewards. inflation policies must made using the volume users and contents explanatory variables. publyto uses the equation below build inflation (inf) that considers the number contents created users while not exceeding the maximum annually. refers the number contents certain period, and means the average reward unit price for contents. sets the average content reward unit price referring steemit and will adjust the price reflecting the future market conditions. relationship among reward pools, decay rates, inflation the total issued tokens are assigned the initial content reward pool. because the initial allocation spent over time, parts tokens inactive sleeping accounts are taken into the reward pool. for accounts left without any activities for months, monthly decay rates will apply and corresponding tokens will return the current reward pool via publyto contract. the monthly decay rate continues until accounts are activated (more than one content publishing, curation, donation, and other valid activities). very rare that the token reward pool would because the decay rate policy, least preventing the possibility that would cause negative influences token values due high inflation inflation could unnecessary. inflation may exist limited circumstances. the token volume added the reward pool the decay rate cannot replace token volumes spent from the initial allocation cannot follow the rapidly increasing trend, inflations may exist for the shortage only. for users who not recognize the decay rate policy, for three months, repeat notifying users who have had activities for one month after signing up. this sense, impose monthly decay rates users who not request withdrawal deposited tokens within months. one can simply avoid being subject the decay rate. one only needs one's duty part the publyto ecosystem such publishing contents, curation, advertisement trading, funding activities, and deposit withdrawal. for reference, users save their tokens wallets third parties off-line wallets, decay rates apply regardless their activities. percent tokens retained months inactivity [figure token decreasing trend inactive accounts token flow list major interested parties (stakeholder list) publisher they are individuals organizations who are the main body content creating reward and advertisement holding reward. sometimes, they show duality advertiser who spend cost. publishers are the largest interested parties publyto contract. curator they are individuals organizations who are the main body curation reward pressing 'thanks' contents and exercising voting power (ink). republishing part curator's activities. advertiser they are individuals organizations who purchase advertisement accounts other publishers with the purpose multiply the advertisement effect contents they publish. the contrary, they can make profits receiving advertisement requests. because contents are the advertisement materials, publishers get the authority advertisers. the highly reviewed can exempt from advertisement fee get discounts. commenter commenters make comments contents published publishers. they are individuals organizations who receive rewards according the consensus algorithm equivalent content creation. backer backers are individuals organizations who support fund their good will according their mutually beneficial relationship. ombudsman they are individuals organizations who have the right report contents against regulations. the highly reviewed groups part ombudsman and contents whose reports exceed certain number ombudsmen are automatically blocked. this case, reward profits provided the contents become frozen retrieved. scenario roles publyto token ecosystem users can largely divided content creator, curator, advertiser, and backer depicted the figure below. does not mean each account for each role produced. accounts are the bodies capable performing all activities the token ecosystem. the figure below does not represent the reward for block production but discuss the total token flow starting from content creation, curation, advertisement, and even sponsoring. below the order token flows steps. content creator produces contents curators deposits publyto tokens gather inks for curation inks are paid out interest depending the volume deposited tokens provide voting power the favorable impression for certain contents using inks prepared content creators receive creating reward the number voting power received, and curators receive curation reward. advertisement client can execute ads certain contents. advertisement cost paid with tokens the content creator collect tax for profit from holding advertisement and burn them for deflation. backers can deliver fund content creators any time. content creators organizations pay designated fees from profits organization managers. inflation orginization manager contents backer content creator curator advertiser [figure token flow map reputation system contents that are against general media service regulations are published and shared, managers confirm and block these contents when receiving reports. let's assume that contents against regulations are automatically blocked users request the content block and the number report exceeds certain number. this allows actions taken faster since personal judgement made. the problem which user should receive the permission request block content. all users receive this permission, even good contents can blocked malicious users create many new accounts. this called sybil attack, which will overcome publyto through the reputation system. only users who have gathered high reputation from using services for long time can get the permission block contents. the role this system goes above blocking inadequate contents. also allows supervise and inspect overall abusing publyto. since the mission given managers earlier transferred random multiple people, the collective power posed, allowing publyto network purified more fairly and promptly. reputation means the degree describing how well and long service has been used for. many factors could considered but publyto evaluates reputation depending how many high-quality contents have been produced through long term because the power its network comes from good content creation. therefore, the number votes received and the reputation score are proportional though the reputation score that the same content can receive per day maximum limited. the maximum reputation score receive daily also set. such restriction makes long activities pose positive influences reputation scores. reputation score can earned reward for purifying network such reporting inadequate contents abusing. because higher reputation means more tax reduction benefit, motivates people raise reputation scores. account whitelist domains used before users start profitable activities known url must registered the whitelist. this procedure needed set the network order conducting prior qualification test. after automatically confirming domain ownership through certain records dns, it's followed the next step, the qualification test. the qualification test subjects are users whose reputation are higher than certain degree. the number agreement satisfied, they are whitelisted. other than domains, known url can whitelisted. known url means that user's original space distinguished url the url includes the user. blog service called medium distinguishes the user space with the form http:// medium.com/@username. because medium.com domain not owned individual medium user, whitelisting with the domain format not available. however, can registered the form known url. the space whitelisted known url can make profits part publyto network. individual and organization individual user whitelists domain through one's account, one can make profits within that domain. the domain belongs personal account, not allowing shared other account users. multiple users share one domain, organization must made depicted the figure below. all members within the whitelisted domain should able make profits through organization. organization refers companies, groups, communities, etc. that own certain domains. www.myname.com envicase.com medium.com/myname medium.com steemit.com/myname steemit.com myname.tumblr.com tumblr.com (e.g., personal account url domain) (e.g., organization domain) [figure personal account and organization sustain services operated organization, requires management, development, and maintenance cost. organization must create profits put more effort advancing and developing services. publyto, organizations registered domains can ask fees for individual account profits. let's assume that video content service built. first build organization and whitelist the domain. personal account can share and create video contents through this service. can also make profits through content reward, comment reward, and even holding advertisements and funds. part profits paid fees, these fees can spent for service operation and development. this case, funds are not subject fees. eos mainnet strategy eos token issue and airdrop originally, publyto tokens issuance were conducted ethereum and planned move eos mainnet the ends. however, there were lot opportunity costs and burden the migration were not negligible. particular, the speed/ blockchain scalability/ high fees seemed millstone around our necks the feasibility the project. therefore, reached the conclusion that quickly settling down the early eos ecosystem and preoccupying the market the important thing. result, decided issue tokens dapp eos mainnet, which means that publyto has prevailed the possibility infinite expansion the future. when token issuance ends, can distribute eos native token holders for free according the airdrop plan. publyto plans airdrop within the total token issued amount. will airdrop based the reserved share rates holders construct and promote the value eos ecosystem. the token airdrop ratio publyto token for eos native token will set integer ratios like decimal airdrop ratios like are not intuitive and can cause cutting the last decimal. value airdrop holders who purchase publyto tokens may believe airdrops relative cost. however, the story changes airdrop pumps and activates the publyto ecosystem. estimate that the positive reaction contributing the activation the ecosystem greater than the counter-reaction recognized cost infringement holder's profit. this means the increase publyto token value, bringing profits the token purchaser and holders. however, currently, the total volumes are biased top eos main net addresses and are top eos main net addresses, which may raise concerns the bias the supply. hence, publyto has high expectation eos constitution enacted the efforts broader consensus and implementation and network participants. furthermore, publyto will spare effort contributing the eos ecosystem which just took its baby step the perspective the good samaritan law, and its best help contributors who lead the self-purification sincerely respected and broaden their influences. one the biggest barriers for internet based content services secure users making accounts. the eos ecosystem, conflicts would occur while making accounts eos ecosystem already has accounts and gives motivation use publyto services. estimate that airdrop would enough motivate and serve great role activating the publyto ecosystem. publyto's goal targeted market the media content market has made unprecedented growth over the last few years. here are some facts whose timeline based may personal bloggers publish more than million posts every day. facebook users publish maximum million contents for every minute. facebook users publish over billion contents every day. instagram users publish more than million contents every day. youtubers upload more than million hours contents every day and users view billion hours videos every day. yelp users post reviews for every minute. company-type press and magazine companies publish more than million news contents every day. market fragmentation categorized steps evaluating entry barriers and marketability major variables. individuals and organizations ugc (user generated content) field including personal blogs, social blogs, and social media, producing contents users' free will without approval from platform businesses, initial market where network entry very handy. blogspot, wordpress, medium, buzzfeed, tumblr, etc. are major subjects. aim achieve the penetration rate from million individual web blogs, million social blogs and the penetration rate worldometers, "worldometers society media" may http://www.worldometers.info social media market this market, it's difficult graft publyto plug-in scripts and embedded link types. however, provide the publyto portal with social log function such facebook and instagram, can easily previously published posts the publyto content portal through open api. this case, reward and profit plugin interface are automatically grafted. because more original contents mean more imperativeness individual profit making, lean-to-one scrap service like pinterest not considered. multimedia market youtube, used billion people, will the bridgehead for entering the entire market. individual profits can generated calling video contents the publyto content portals using the same method used social medias. just like how twitch and africa broadcasters are using both the two, youtubers can have additional individual profit making opportunity using original contents multiple ways. can -also expect that the publyto content portal could possibly the necessary source for youtube video content creators when its coverage, exposure frequency, and profitability become larger. company type content market there are individual publishers company type media content markets. editors magazine companies are working class individual publishers. despite benefits and pays from companies they belong, cannot strictly say that they are not receiving every value contents that worth pain they continuously feel during creation. publyto aware the structural difficulties that they have other ways but create sensational contents due pressure they have for traffics. publyto preferentially provides company type plug-in api through partnerships with major presses and publishing companies help executing the media's noble duties for great causes. publishers can receive justifiable incentives for their individual creation technological and policy approval from companies are approved. instead supporting profit models and plug-in environment specialized help corporates earn lots funds and advertisement profits from loyal subscribers, for plug-ins installed each article for company type api agreement, the team planned apply obligated regulations, allowing individual publishers, other word, the publisher oneself can obtain content rewards and advertisement profits. main targets include press like the new york times, mainichi newspaper, and yonhap news well conde nast centered magazine media companies holding vogue and gq. [figure publyto's targeted market example individual media target penetration rate average monthly page views page views expected per installation monthly average embryonic stage: occupy social plug-in market initial growth stage: occupy social plug-in market first year growth: occupy social plug-in market average monthly page views (e) (e) (e) [figure -year target number monthly average page view user profiles embryonic stage: occupy billion personal blogs/social blogs initial growth stage: occupy billion social media/multimedia market first year growth: occupy social media/multimedia market enter company-type media market user profiles (e) (e) (e) [figure -year target number user profiles installing plugins embryonic stage: compared disqus installs initial growth stage: compared expected disqus installs first year growth: compared disqus expected installs (e) (e) (e) [figure ]-year target number for plug installation publyto development plan publyto contract regulates all token economy systems and user activities. based this, content reward plug-in makes the incubating through envicase, publyto's first external service. advertisement trading/sponsoring plug-in are added along with the release the content portal. when the line plugin completed the content portal, will advance followed sequential procedures, depending the level market entry, which include re-publish contents, publishing original contents, supporting marketing tools, launching publyto mobile app, etc. pub token issue eosio publyto contract token economy system: profit, reputation, deposit and penalty, inflation and deflation, decay rate, dapp service fee (centralized external commercial service) account: individual/organization, whitelist, envicase account sync (migration) eosio airdrop eosio airdrop e-mail verification google vision api publyto native plug-in: for compensating envicase contents changing envicase schema envicase dapps: ios, android, web envicase referral program admin dashboard profit, reputation, deposit, searching ink withdraw deposits notification token trading only notification membership withdrawal blockchain web-event sourcing publyto content portal (publyto.com) beta publyto api sign up/sign mfa verification plug-in inserting type: script, embedded link, hyperlink, url publyto external plug-in: content reward calling external contents and meta data: recall function external security protocol external content data collecting environment publyto content portal (publyto.com) official launch publyto external plug-in: advertisement trading, plug-in for funding permission ombudsman for the highly reviewed: permission report contents, permission edit contents, editor's picks within the content portal admin dashboard e-mail marketing for the highly reviewed tool direct message tool for the highly reviewed seo robots.txt sitemap.xml image and tagging optimization tagging title meta description tag (seo meta tag other tag) mobile web friendliness test official launch publyto content portal mobile app -ios, android 'list all the countries the store' publyto content portal (publyto.com) improvement social media content re-publishing function (import re-publish): facebook, instagram, reddit publyto content portal (publyto.com) improvement original content publishing function: blog type, video type, photo type publyto content portal (publyto.com) grand launch expand client base: api launch company type plug-in patent application plan since blockchain free technology that cannot help get patented shared open source. however, patent application can made item has distinguishable idea and logical flow without actual implementation. hence, most current blockchain applications deal with surrounding technologies such securities, operation, usage, utility, etc. security technology for encryption, tamper, and personal identification protect data and secure transparency transactions. operation technology includes operation distributed network including procedures such transaction, access, consensus, synchronization, saving, etc. moreover, the utility field may include various services such blockchain based financial service, voting, game, logistics, medical, public services, and others. data seems reflect such trend. the number blockchain related patent application advanced countries (ip, us, china, korea, japan, europe) was (based jan. end jan. the number tends double triple every year. especially, the dominance rate (us, china) overwhelming, whose weight focused called generation smart contracts (related ethereum). korea still seems have low application composition rate with out for such service fields korea concentrated cryptocurrency trading. currently, standard patents are totally absent and discussion for international standard its initial stage. hence, believe that this the right timing preoccupy the core standard patent. publyto supports individual profit making not only from internally issued contents but also from externally published contents. can also absorb massive amount data and markets. when contents scattered external medias are connected publyto's contract and plug-in and other content portals are combined the user environment content portals, can search and record ownership contents that have been left out, even exercising legal rights. are preparing take the first step for patent application. consistent investment r&d fields and expansion patent field are essential protect such multifaceted and exclusive ideas. also critical procedure construct stable publyto ecosystem and achieve visions. roadmap aug: pub token issuance eosio sep: airdrop, publyto beta ver.(publyto portal) oct: improvement publyto beta ver. nov: envicase migration dec: publyto official ver. publyto ios, android mobile app launch improvement all products expand client base market share grow note: more detail information will announced via publyto.io before the pre ico token launch issue information symbol: pub total supply: million pub reserve: million pub initial free offering: million pub accepting: eos offering details: announced before the token offering phase begins. publyto tokens distribution &use publyto tokens are allocated for ifo. especially, plan airdrop based the number shares that holders construct the eos system and increase the value snapshotting initially issued eos tokens. particular, will play leading role revitalizing the initial eos ecosystem and preoccupying the market adding voter eligibility criteria for airdrop. tokens will used for differentiated user rewards based the double network effect. they are also reserved committed fields required when expanding the blockchain ecosystem. addition to, tokens will used for blockchain network r&d, eos resources, crypto funds, management, consulting, etc. tokens are spent for the founders and employees, and recruit new human resources. method with the same purpose used silicon valley's stock grant system used for recruiting external human resources and developing internal employees. through strategic investment, tokens are distributed contributing advisors from blockchain technology, media, law, finance, etc. well various early investors who become the foundation publyto network. the distribution will strengthen coordination with them. publyto tokens are distributed part bounty program build and grow communities made participants marketing and each target market. furthermore, supporting ombudsman raised the reliability and original value publyto and contributes the protection content rights. hence, will used maintain self-purification the ecosystem and strengthen loyalties. tokens distribution reserve (forced lock-up) ifo resources variable rewards publyto pte.,ltd. employees marketing, bounty, ombudsman three resources eos early investor, advisor, partnership crypto fund [geurim distribution description percentage (%) amount (pub) ifo ,,, reserve(forced lock-up) ,,, variable rewards ,,, marketing, bounty, ombudsman three resources eos early investor, advisor, partnership crypto fund publyto pte.,ltd. employees ,,, team ryan moonyoung jang joseph moonsoo jang business executive, project lead founder publyto and envicase, years marketing ebusiness developer finance, legal co-founder publyto and envicase, years financial auditor, venture entrepreneur wpp group, vans, abc-mart inc., b.a. english/deutsche education from hankuk university foreign studies. tokyo trading international, communications, b.a. economics from korea university mark jinwook chung min kwon blockchain, tech lead co-founder publyto and envicase, years data science engineering global business development, fashion influencer, director new york branch office, years business development and merchandising ralph lauren, nordstrom, stella mccartney, the vanguard group, a.a.s. fashion design from parsons the new school for design, m.b.a. new ventures entrepreneurship, b.s. information sciences technology b.s. telecommunications the pennsylvania state university, university park, travel demand forecasting pyunghwa engineering consultants, m.s. transportation planning from chung-ang university brandon kim stark daekyu kang brand communication, creative direction years global branding and communication smart contract, senior software engineer years mobile software engineer brandonkim studio, l'oreal, hotels, johnson johnson, b.a. science environmental makeus android lead, founder teletalkvi(m&a with makeus), b.a. electrical design from art center college design pasadena california engineering from hanyang university hoon lim jay kim uxui design, motion graphic, publishing years ux/ui designer full stack software engineer years related software development experience zikto, hoonishere, b.a. graphic design from art institue vancouver, vancouver british columbia kakao, comtus, electrical engineering from yonsei university hayden lee infographic, illustration, marketing design bi/bx designer group sjr, graphic design brigham young university, provo,ut advisors early investors neoply able communications (former neowiz investment) company co., ltd. richard byungmin yeo edwin wong geon investment venture capital, vice president hong kong icpa member cpa australia member former neowiz games co. head business strategy investment private equity division, director samsung securities m&a team, vice president bain&company private equity group, case team leader former sts group global cfo and executive director kpmg corporate finance manager deloitte auditor a.t. kearney strategy group, manager deloitte consulting manager pwc consulting consultant hyungwoo kim sungho choi founder able communicationz primer venture partner veat law firm, representative lawyer dunamu investment entrust stock company audit/game culture institute corporate audit seoul high court justice mediator former group, marketing director former zen law firm, partner lawyer bar examination/judicial research and training institute seoul national university computer engineering hyotaek jeon jean kim ebay korea, general manager platform founder ceo, hesed former adapt group global marketing and sales director avery dennison korea global sales manager former ebay korea, leader item team jason yoo lee jun cfp(r), vice president, wealth management citigroup ph.d. urban economics, economic modeling expert former j.p. morgan vice president, private client advisor bluesky capital partners, llc portfolio manager morgan stanley financial advisor are talks with outstanding candidates who are working the field blockchain, tokenomics, media and legal. partners alliances representative branding partner hesed usa global branding marketing partnership influencer marketing partners obviously social influence.co such agency heartbeat popular pays canard brand snob the cirqle revfluence ambassadher social native ghostlamp social fabric brandbassador relatable collaborated brands existing collaborative partners fashion accessories fashion accessories beauty nike sephora chloe dior kenzo amore pacific rent the runway estee lauder kay jewelrers lancome daniel wellington ysl beauty lulus sulwhasoo womens dong-a mamonde are openhouse clinique capsule show diptyque rocksbox clarins golf galaxy ulta beauty stella and dot dove the blacktux drunk elephant juju showroom patchology nude fashion givenchy liverpool jeans louboutinworld lazypants loreal ana luisa garnier joseph nogucci skinceuticals new york fashion week maybelline iijin maison berdoues icewear skyn skinnies artisbrush ruby lane sydney kate somerville katya dobryakova double dare pink blush masquelogy tote savvy milkmakeup ettika getcocofloss thursdayfinest louboutinbeaute but from the kloth saturday skin freshtops beautycon worth new york function beauty mod and sky and sand milk and blush michael todd beauty acler women riley rose true and eva hair nyc the sampler room susanciminelli epolignano malinandgoetz level kevynaucoin kyboe everskin jord wood watches ren skincare wear veronica bio ionic tote devita skincare kapten and son cosmedix ves clothing chi hind sight vintage sunglasses farouk systems style lend doll face beauty happy socks belair ski are openhouse briogeo genart tria thread treehut.co beauty brand tria beauty norell new york the lotus woven pear amika erin featherston design humans amen papa yuni brand capsule show hellosexylegs beauty ombre agency viviscal hueb vanity planet store shabby apple sabon nyc portelli brand soigne morrison grey joanna vargas nyc rocksbox uni lever usa d'marche labs malin goetz lifestyle others food beverages lifestyle others food beverages coca cola tysons corner mall conagra group the knot magazine walmart ffany shoe show palais des the fashion tech forum kusmi tea open lipton tea simple contacts kraft mom bomb chiquita brands toms hello fresh maison berger dove chocolate styldegrees post mates mazda dominos gwenstefani sharis berries interscope records virtuoso pizza kiva bokksu ode clean mariecallender target kind snacks careof eggo toast goby harry and david heart ankit chiquita brands mgbw home barcelona wine bar eyeconic hello fresh gresso miami dove chocolate fracture rice and flower photography city cakes flying tiger usa post mates shear bliss nyc dominos grk beauty summers brooklyn old hainaluau grey goose fashion tech forum cava grill denise fasanello ideal fit sole farms vida glow smile brilliant skinny coffee club petals and roots grand courtage women not objects projects suja tictail market fatty sundays the grommet graze usa fountain greetings prim botanicals meredith o'connor singer thierry feuz artist link unofficialcardboard baby hotel resorts baby hotel resorts puracy four seasons patpat.com rosewood hotels grab ease west house the milk camp fairmont hotels bebe tailes the kahala hotel nanit iberostar heart felt scrabble hux baby comotomo baby washabelle colored organics davinci cuddle and kind the magic light wand smartbabywears cuddle and kind lalabu baby blooming bath nataly danilova photography technology google intel mobile cars.com stash app conclusion the media content market trend facing violent changes the greed content publishers and users hiding under topics called blockchain and cryptocurrency are awakening. aside from the emergence blockchain medias, publyto team senses that are reaching the age integrated greed where staged self-realization greed materials, relationship, and self confidence cannot distinguished prioritized orders. alderfer who denied the order greed, refuted maslow's theory staged greed saying that two types greed occur simultaneously. there are people creating contents satisfy their greed for honor self-realization. meanwhile, another visible trend that people try satisfy their monetary greed. these are mutually dependent rather than independent. subscribing content very likely connected types greed from physical convenience, self-realization, and even creating economic value. frustration the simple reason many publishers and users attempt move are moving from legacy media blockchain media. the bottom publyto will expand directly proportion the speed that the trend media content market changes blockchain cryptocurrency-based market. however, the rise and fall depends whether realize the ecosystem capable satisfying the simultaneity integrated greed and increasing the possibility maintain. external plug-in that can freely select and grasp dapp without being hindered media content types api environment synched re-publish social media contents the publyto content portal company-type api contract helping the coexistence media content company and affiliated editors advertisement revenue and fund holding algorithm additionally installed restricted content reward pools. deflation policy devised ensure the convenience token contributors while strengthening the profitability content publishers with trading and continuously increasing the token values burning transaction fee exclusive reputation algorithm that interrupts the power capital monopolize qualities contents obt (open beta test) distribution implemented before listing exchanges validate marketability publyto's vision that adopts slogans emotional and legal (iso) international standard all these contain realistic sense crisis for realization and sustainability, which pass over the essential value called 'coexistence'. the blockchain ecosystem with endless potentiality, blockchain-based technology and publyto token are unfortunately just paints and papers help painting end pictures. all values come from the owners publyto, the user, node, and contributor, and they are the highest benefiter the promoted value it. disclaimer this whitepaper important and should read its entirety. team publyto (collective term including publyto foundation, tid co., ltd., tid's shareholders, employees, and affiliates) publishing this white paper for reference purpose provide information and general nature, supporters publyto network and its platform. other words, this white paper not intended offer sell, solicitation any offer buy, any security other financial instrument invest the publyto token and are for informational, illustration and discussion purposes only. this white paper april may not complete final, may estimated, subject change and does not contain all material information regarding investment, including specific information relating investment's risks. the offering the publyto token has not been registered, qualified, approved under any securities, futures, financial instruments, capital markets, exchange control legislation, regulation, ordinance any jurisdiction. all jurisdictions, the offer sell and solicitation buy publyto token directed solely qualified institutional investors, qualified professional investors, and those other sophisticated persons whom offers and solicitation may made without any licensing, registration, qualification, approval under applicable law (collectively, "qualified persons"). this white paper not constitute offer, distribution, solicitation, marketing any non-qualified person, and not offering the retail public any jurisdiction where such offering unlawful. you should disregard this information sheet you are non-qualified person. you use this white paper your decisions and actions (including but not limited referring the white paper), you act your own risk reliance the judgement consequences thereof, regardless whether profit loss. other words, this team publyto not responsible for the compensation actions, decisions, other behavior taken not taken you reliance upon the white paper, even you suffer damage, loss, debt other damages. all product and company names are trademarkstm registered(r) trademarks their respective holders. use them does not imply any affiliation with endorsement them. publyto token will fluctuate value, and may volatile, especially over short time horizons. publyto does not make any representation warranty the accuracy completeness the information contained these materials. publyto has obligation update keep current any information projections contained these materials. there can assurance that the tokens will ever issued dividends will paid; publyto subject complex, evolving and expansive u.s. and foreign laws and regulations; there assurance that token purchasers will receive return their investment; publyto has limited operating history, which makes hard evaluate its ability generate revenue through operations; token holders generally will not have voting rights ability influence publyto's decisions; publyto may forced cease operations; publyto may not successfully develop, market and launch the publyto wallet system, and, even launched the publyto wallet system may not widely adopted and may have limited users and could subject significant competition; prices blockchain assets are extremely volatile and fluctuations the price digital assets could materially and adversely affect publyto's business. token holders shall not entitled any utility functionality part the token. nevertheless, the company expects endeavour provide certain additional benefits holders the tokens the future (the "discretionary benefits"). these will not part the terms and conditions the tokens, but rather benefits voluntarily provided the company token holders. these discretionary benefits may withdrawn changed any time management's discretion. caution regarding forward-looking statements this whitepaper contains forwardlooking statements information (collectively "forward-looking statements") that relate our current expectations future events. opinions, assumptions, assessments, statements the like regarding future events which are forward-looking, constitute only subjective views, beliefs, outlooks, estimations intentions publyto, should not relied on, are subject change due variety factors, including fluctuating market conditions and economic factors, and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, both general and specific, many which cannot predicted quantified and are beyond the control publyto. some cases, these forward-looking statements can identified words phrases such "aim", "anticipate", "believe", "continue", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "is/are likely to", "may", "plan", "potential", "seek", "will", the negative these terms, other similar expressions intended identify forward-looking statements. have based these forward-looking statements current projections about future events and financial trends that believe are relevant our financial condition, results operations, business strategy, financial needs, the results the token sale. addition statements relating the matters set out here, this whitepaper contains forward-looking statements related publyto's proposed operating model. the model speaks our objectives only, and not forecast, projection prediction future results operations. forward-looking statements are based certain assumptions and analysis made light our experience and perception historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments and other factors believe are appropriate, and are subject risks and uncertainties. although the forwardlooking statements contained this whitepaper are based upon what believe are reasonable assumptions, there are risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors which could cause our actual results, performances, achievements and/or experiences differ materially from the expectations expressed, implied, perceived forward-looking statements. given such risks, prospective participants the token sale should not place undue reliance these forward-looking statements. supporting documents links contact hello@publyto.io important information status homepage status ithub community channels telegram medium twitter existing dapps envicase ios envicase android envicase website glossary publyto: blockchain media content protocol pub: symbol api: application programming interface eos: the cryptocurrency the eos network iso: international organization for standardization ifo: initial free offering airdrop: distribution prescribed amounts certain virtual currency tokens its community members either for free for performing specific tasks. bps: block producers (bps) are decentralized entities that govern the eos blockchain. block producers will produce the blocks the blockchain. mfa: multi-factor authentication (mfa) security mechanism which individuals are authenticated through more than one required security and validation procedure.