contents publica the protocol for decentralised publishing why authors support publica's protocol? protocol use case illustration what does the publica protocol offer readers? protocol benefits for some publishers incentives for early contributors into protocol benefits for classic liberalism and humanism the publica team far protocol components and app layer protocol schema legal disclaimer publica the protocol for decentralised publishing publica's protocol for decentralised publishing the blockchain reinvention gutenberg's press for the century. even becomes de-facto largest publisher, maintains inventory. nonetheless, the books that publishes can last forever, both for the readers who own them and for the world. book's access keys are represented ethereum erc token that publica calls the book token, unique each literary work. book token balance mapped the public key its owner ethereum's programming language free decentralised blockchain's data ownership. access enables also called solidity. the ethereum transparent verification enables decentralised authorization access the literary work that any given book token associated with. the operational protocol layer built solidity and uses power. the ethereum processes direct network's computing transactions the protocol's currency between readers and authors (buyers and sellers) for book's access keys. literary works will stored decentralised immutable storage built top continuously advancing solutions for decentralised immutable storage. publica protocol experimenting with solutions offered ipfs, storj, sia, maidsafe and upcoming filecoin, eos and eventually, swarm for ethereum. publica's protocol powered its currency called pebbles (pbl ticker, erc token), issued fixed and locked supply. the protocol's application layer customer-facing apps will built the protocol team white label, open source tools available the community for branding, extending, and embedding into other applications, enhance current ink-readers and e-readers with walletmodule supporting publica's protocol. why authors support publica's protocol? immediate direct payments, buyer seller, reader author. transparent sales ledgers audits required. expanded range business models. crowdfunding, online storefronts, scholastic and scientific institutions, patronage, serialization, collaborations, peer reviews, pay-as-you-read, public libraries, non-profits, etc. authors and their agents are creative their business models their books but are traditionally bound controversial "license" and eula. publica's protocol replaces them with access key that frees authors discover new business models. the publica protocol also supports time-limited book tokens that can used for similar limited-ownership business models. license agreements are how centralized publishers like amazon, rakuten/kobo, etc., control ebooks. license agreements can optionally used alongside the publica protocol but they're not part the protocol. license agreement violations can't enforced publica book tokens can't remotely erased from their owner's wallet but agreements can enforced courts and legal jurisdictions the normal manner. the publica protocol supports timelimited book tokens that can used for similar limited-ownership business models. crowdfunding? consider ico for book, where the author sells book tokens access keys fund book that will written, edited, proofread, illustrated and packaged with the proceeds the token sale. freedom market, publicize, and sell the whole world, without geographic restrictions, without fear chargebacks, errors, cheating. sell proprietary online storefronts too. strong resistance censorship and tampering the immutability virtue blockchain-based storage. finished works are automatically dated and fixed, matter how many editions variations are sold. direct control over what publish, what price, ever-more-decentralised world global ecommerce. long-lived ebooks, never abandoned publisher's fortunes licensing model. the publica protocol continues working even publica-the-organization goes away. copyright rules require creative work dated fixed and tangible form expression. protocol use case illustration for illustrative purposes, begin protocol illustration with authors, who use publisher wallet-app and its gui set commercial distribution the reading token contract) blockchain. and before conditions access deploy after the key for (book ethereum contract deployed, author submitting the literary work decentralised storage and linking the smart contract. now, the book rather its access-key (book token) available for purchase exchange for pbl tokens for price set author. author whichever potential free way reader they advertise find discovers its book reasonable and it, purchasing she once book token access the book directly from the smart contract the author has deployed. once book token purchased, reader app-wallet can access the content decentralised storage the public key matching the private key stored the appwallet available respective book-token mapping. what does the publica protocol offer readers? lower prices. payments directly the author's wallet with intermediaries required. irrevocable ownership. your ownership book token linking you decentralised storage immutable. secondary markets and persistence. sell give book keys you wish. ebooks decentralised storage don't disappear. "radical inclusion." authors can include their readers crowdfunding and other business models that provide the capital produce great book projects. lower-priced paper books. the protocol supports paper books with participating print-on-demand partner. print-on-demand where the reader is, shipping. eliminate waste traditional large print runs and warehousing. protocol benefits for some publishers some publishers benefit from the status quo. others benefit from innovation. protocol benefits for some publishers: direct control publications-in-process, including review copies, editorial and illustration copies, pseudonymised peer review copies, translation copies, etc., and their ecommerce. direct, discrete, transparent transactions including wholesale, print-on-demand, new kinds online storefronts, etc. business secrets like negotiated prices aren't revealed. lower cost persistent, decentralised storage. business models that don't require end user license agreements (eula). tokens aren't book copies subject first-use and exhaustion rules. incentives for early contributors into protocol own piece the protocol. the publica protocol requires pebbles (pbl tokens) fixed supply. pebbles are the sole medium exchange the publica workflow. important part tokenizing access and decentralizing storage the world's information that's suitable for ecommerce. wallet-to-wallet, starting with how big ideas and deep knowledge are shared books. benefits for classic liberalism and humanism independence. the publica protocol open source, decentralised and immutable. smart contracts, once set blockchain, work without third-party mediation. democratizing value and trust. book buyers vote only with their own wallets. radical inclusion buyers and sellers, with their incentives aligned, mediated only blockchains. spreading books the under-booked, and the underbanked, around the globe. the publica team far developers experienced blockchain developers scandiweb.com, leading ecommerce site developer working projects for walmart, new york times, land rover, jaguar, mitsubishi, l'oreal and many more. the blockchain space, scandiweb has partnered with element group handle technology side for icos enigma, blockv, sense, and others. scandiweb privately owned company publica's cofounder and coo antons sapriko. executive josef marc, ceo. project credits include cbs olympics, directv, verizon, sony, unict rwanda. antons sapriko, coo, founder scandiweb. yuri pimenov, cto, bitcoin exchange pioneer. advisors marc kenigsberg, evangelist for blockchains and corporate social responsibility. arne krokan, digital economics professor, and author. sukhi jutla, author, entrepreneur, and professional speaker. sheron mccartha, fiction author, and self-publisher. jeff scott, fintech consultant, and adjunct scholar the mises institute. hundreds publica supporters social media, called "publicans." protocol components and app layer publisher app-wallet for authors enables deployment book-specific smart contract containing the terms sale for access key the book, volume discounts, the total supply access keys (book tokens) and other commercial features. enables submitting literary work the decentralised immutable storage and linking the deployed smart contract. cryptocurrency and token wallet functionality pay for the services the protocol and get paid protocol currency smart contract for pbl tokens protocol currency standard erc contracts containing mapping pbl owners with their balances and standard approve function allow interaction with other contracts within the protocol. smart contracts for book tokens erc compatible token, unique for each book, represents right access particular literary work linked smart contract. book token smart contract deployed author with the help publisher wallet-app with commercial conditions, chosen the author. book exchange token bought reader for pbls. learn more about how the protocol enables trading tokens for tokens, please consult the project's github. e-reader app-wallet for readers enables discovery and purchase the protocol currency, and any literary works published with the publica protocol permits rendering downloaded content e-reader enables storage and transfer pbl and book tokens (wallet) in-app authorization and decryption, sending requests remote node signed with private key. decentralised storage stores literary work zero-knowledge distributed, decentralised, immutable storage. preferably supports affordable re-encryption access layer logic. access, metered-streaming, and download operations. wallet module for existing ink-reader and e-reader apps wallet module introduce private key and signing requests conventional reader. connector decentralised storage request and download content that linked your book tokens, stored your wallet and sent the application for on-screen rendering. customer-facing apps will built white label, open source tools, available the community for branding, extending and embedding into other applications such enhancing current ink-readers and e-readers with wallet module supporting the publica protocol. decentralised publishing protocol start open publishing app-wallet for authors. free, open-source, client-side interface, browser-based, like myetherwallet. use gui set the smart contract for sales the book book token price pbl, volume discounts locking the number license keys presale contract set (book ico) pulling solidity smart contracts template for selling book access licenses form erc token from the decentralised storage. adding book-specific values set author smart contract template, and deployment the contract instance the ethereum blockchain. the author the owner the contract. author not charged pbl for deployment, only ethereum blockchain miner fees. use gui prepare your manuscript for publishing. adding your manuscript ebook decentralised immutable storage and receiving back access token. the author the owner the transaction. updating smart contract with access token the e-book content decentralised storage. linking book smart contract its content. decentralised publishing protocol end content sale open reader app-wallet, free, open-source and purchase application, read the books and store your private protocol start key manage book and pbl tokens. discover the library available books the form catalog inbound link from site author. buy book tokens book, specific each book with its own smart contract. pbl tokens available? pbl purchase via api call exchange yes book tokens purchased and available erc compatible wallet, smart contract mapping updated with the public key the user. pbl smart contract mapping updated, reader's pbls are decreased the purchase price transaction fees authors received sale price pbl minus platform fees publica platform received from the sale price pbl the protocol self funding fee content sale and purchase protocol end decentralised content access protocol start open reader app-wallet, free, open-source application, read the books and store your private key manage book and pbl tokens. update the library the books available read (matching your book tokens). the simplest form, parsing smart contracts. select book you want access that not available your local storage. the application verifies that your private key matches public key stored the book's book token smart contract, and grant access the storage. content read from storage such mounted drive collected from immutable shards. ideally, storage has access logic layer that can verify request signing with private key. content loaded onto the device and rendered. decentralised content access protocol end legal disclaimer this whitepaper for information purposes only and may subject change. publica cannot guarantee the accuracy the statements made conclusions reached this whitepaper. publica does not make and expressly disclaims all representations and warranties (whether express implied statute otherwise) whatsoever, including but not limited to: any representations warranties relating merchantability, fitness for particular purpose, description, suitability non-infringement; that the contents this document are accurate and free from any errors; and that such contents not infringe any third party rights. publica shall have liability for damages any kind arising out the use, reference reliance the contents this whitepaper. this whitepaper may contain references third-party data and industry publications. far publica aware, the information reproduced this whitepaper accurate and that its estimates and assumptions are reasonable. however, there are assurances the accuracy completeness this information. although information and data reproduced this whitepaper are believed have been obtained from reliable sources, have not independently verified any the information data from third party sources referred this whitepaper ascertained the underlying assumptions relied upon such sources. the date publication this whitepaper, pbl tokens have known potential uses outside the publica platform ecosystem and are not permitted sold otherwise traded third-party exchanges. this whitepaper does not constitute advice nor recommendation publica, its officers, directors, managers, employees, agents, advisors consultants, any other person any recipient this paper the merits participation the publica token sale. participation the publica token sale carries substantial risk that could lead loss all substantial portion funds contributed. promises future performance value are will made with respect pbl tokens, including promise inherent value, promise continuing payments, and guarantee that pbl tokens will hold any particular value. unless prospective participants fully understand and accept the nature publica's proposed business and the potential risks inherent pbl tokens, they should not participate the publica token sale. pbl tokens are not being structured sold securities. pbl tokens are not participation publica and pbl tokens hold rights publica. pbl tokens are sold with intended future functionality the platform developed publica and all proceeds received during the token sale may spent freely publica the development it's business and platform. this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offering document and not offer sell, nor the solicitation offer buy any investment financial instrument any jurisdiction. pbl tokens should not acquired for speculative investment purposes with the expectation making investment return. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. pbl tokens could impacted regulatory action, including potential restrictions the ownership, use, possession such tokens. regulators other competent authorities may demand that publica revises the mechanics and functionality pbl tokens comply with regulatory requirements other governmental business obligations. nevertheless, publica believe they have taken commercially reasonable steps ensure that its planned mechanics are proper and compliance with currently considered regulations. publica the process undertaking further legal and regulatory analysis the intended functionality and mechanics pbl tokens. following the conclusion this analysis, may required amend the intended functionality pbl tokens order ensure compliance with any legal regulatory obligations that apply us. shall update this whitepaper and publish notice our website the event that any changes are made the pbl token functionality. caution regarding forward-looking statements this whitepaper contains forward-looking statements information (collectively "forward-looking statements") that relate publica's current expectations and views future events. some cases, these forward-looking statements can identified words phrases such "may", "will", "expect", "anticipate", "aim", "estimate", "intend", "plan", "seek", "believe", "potential", "continue", "is/are likely to" the negative these terms, other similar expressions intended identify forward-looking statements. publica has based these forward-looking statements its current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that believes may affect its financial condition, results operations, business strategy, financial needs, the results the token sale the value price stability pbl tokens. addition statements relating the matters set out here, this whitepaper contains forward-looking statements related publica's proposed operating model. the model speaks its objectives only, and not forecast, projection prediction future results operations. forward-looking statements are based certain assumptions and analysis made publica light its experience and perception historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments and other factors believes are appropriate, and are subject risks and uncertainties. although the forward-looking statements contained this whitepaper are based upon what publica believes are reasonable assumptions, these risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors could cause publica's actual results, performance, achievements, and experience differ materially from its expectations which are expressed, implied, perceived forward-looking statements. given such risks, prospective participants this token sale should not place undue reliance these forward-looking statements.