puregold token swap white paper (ver draft october revised september content purpose and disclaimer ........................................................................................................ why puregold............................................................................................................. gold the only real money ........................................................................................ gold the currency.................................................................................................. puregold's value proposition ....................................................................................... about puregold......................................................................................................... puregold.sg and bullion currencies ............................................................................ puregold token swap ................................................................................................ ethereum .................................................................................................................... target market ............................................................................................................. pgg: applications ...................................................................................................... savings storage ......................................................................................................... pgg and pgt token details .................................................................................... pgg ........................................................................................................................ ... pgg emission .................................................................................................. pgt ......................................................................................................................... ... pgt rewards ................................................................................................... ... token swap ...................................................................................................... puregold platform .......................................................................................................... third party storage unit .......................................................................................... gold-commerce platform with pgpay payment gateway ....................................... puregold e-commerce solutions ....................................................................... code payments ........................................................................................... puregold open platform ..................................................................................... puregold offline facilities ................................................................................... legalities .................................................................................................................. roadmap: operational .......................................................................................... business model ....................................................................................................... work schedule ........................................................................................................ budget and use funds ........................................................................................ roadmap: business ................................................................................................. expansion plan highlights ....................................................................................... licensing local operators .............................................................................. merchant acquisition and client base expansion............................................... team ............................................................................................................................. glossary ................................................................................................................. kyc ....................................................................................................................... token swap ............................................................ the reason for this swap ..................................................................................... incentives that are beneficial all pg-pay token holders ............. announcing initial exchange offering ("ieo") exchanges ......... important notice puregold incorporation ltd (hereafter known puregold) releases puregold token ("pgt") and puregold gold ("pgg") the general public via token swap for limited period time. the website puregold.io uses the term ico (initial coin offering) which represents the period during token swap. the token swap the exchange pgt and pgg with ethereum ("eth") and during this period, this the way the participating parties can swap their eth for pgt and pgg. pgt and pgg are not intended constitute securities any jurisdiction. this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. this whitepaper does not constitute form part any opinion any advice swap pgt and pgg with eth, nor shall any part form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. disclaimer liability the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations and rules, puregold and its affiliates and token swap partners shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you. representation and warranties puregold and its affiliates and token swap partners not make purport make, and hereby disclaim, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this whitepaper. page purpose and disclaimer purpose this whitepaper provides information about the company profile, business track records and operation puregold, and the promising prospects its token swap. this will allow readers have good grasp the business model and the huge rewarding benefits the token swap can possibly generate. there sensitive information enclosed and understood this document will used solely for the aforementioned purposes. disclaimer please read this disclaimer section carefully. you are advised consult legal and financial experts for further guidance. certain matters discussed this document are about our future performance including, without limitation, the future revenues, earnings, strategies, and prospects puregold. all statements that are not purely historical constitute "future-looking statements". such forwardlooking statements are subject risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results differ materially from those anticipated. such statements are based management's beliefs well assumptions made and information currently available management. when used herein, the words "anticipate," "intend," "estimate," "believe," "expect," "should," "potential," "forecast," "project," variations such words and similar expressions are intended identify forward-looking statements. while make every effort ensure that all information this white paper accurate and date, such material way constitutes professional advice. puregold neither guarantees nor accepts responsibility for the accuracy, reliability, current (as this white paper) completeness this content. individuals intending invest the platform should seek independent professional advice prior acting any the information contained this paper. citizens, residents (tax otherwise) and green card holders the united states america, other u.s. person are excluded from participating this puregold token swap. the term "u.s. person" refers anyone who lives the united states any entity that incorporated under united states law. american citizens living abroad can also considered "u.s. persons" under certain conditions. page why puregold gold the only real money gold has always been regarded the most precious metal and has been highly sought after coveted asset since early human civilization. coins containing gold appeared around b.c., and the first pure gold coins were struck during the reign king croesus lydia about years later. throughout the centuries, people have continued hold gold traditional currency and asset. despite tremendous advancement industrialization, finance and commerce, this tradition still remains strong and relevant today. early the byzantine empire, gold was used support fiat currencies, the various currencies considered legal tender their nation origin. gold was also used the world reserve currency through most the century. one the key reasons for its use that limited the amount money nations were allowed print. however, the united states used the gold standard only until when president nixon discontinued it. until the gold standard was abandoned, countries couldn't simply print their fiat currencies nauseum unless they possessed equal amount gold. although the gold standard longer used the developed world, many economists have expressed strong views that should return due the volatility the u.s. dollar and other currencies. investors typically buy large quantities gold when their country experiencing high levels inflation. the demand for gold increases during inflationary times due its inherent value and limited supply. cannot diluted, gold able retain value much better than other forms currency. for example, april investors feared declining values fiat currency and the price gold was driven staggering ounce. this indicates there was little confidence the currencies the world market and that expectations future economic stability were grim. gold has profound impact the value world currencies. even though the gold standard has been abandoned, gold commodity can act substitute for fiat currencies and used effective hedge against inflation. there doubt that gold will continue play integral role the foreign exchange markets. page unlike paper currency, coins other assets, gold has maintained its value throughout the ages. people see gold way pass and preserve their wealth from one generation the next. demand for gold has also grown among investors. many are beginning see commodities, particularly gold, investment class into which funds should allocated. fact, spdr gold trust, became one the largest etfs the u.s., well one the world's largest holders gold bullion only four years after its inception. gold should important part diversified investment portfolio because its price increases response events that cause the value paper investments, such stocks and bonds, decline. although the price gold can volatile the short term, has always maintained its value over the long term. through the years, has served hedge against inflation and the erosion major currencies, and thus the only money currency which real with intrinsic value. using physical gold currency has many limitations which discourage its wide adoption. however, with phenomenal advancement the digital world, and introduction the cryptocurrencies, many barriers have been broken revive gold the quintessential standard for currency valuations. gold the currency over the past decade there has been explosion the demand for cashless, digital payments. global transaction volumes grew during reach billion, partially fuelled emerging asia. the past months this has been enhanced the introduction mobile contactless payment solutions such apple pay, alipay, google pay and whole host other innovative solutions. between and mobile proximity payment volume (such near field communication (nfc) and codes) expected rise compound annual growth rate (cagr) percent, which would bring mobile proximity payments volume over us$ trillion similarly, the e-commerce economy growing phenomenal rate. estimated that the crypto economy will exceed three trillion dollars and that could equal world gdp. only time will tell whether not these predictions are accurate but what certain that cryptocurrencies have passed their point return. they are here stay and their importance will only increase. gold's relative scarcity, its portability (you can carry small bars, coins jewellery), and its great demand industrial applications, make highly desired commodity. cryptocurrency has adopted some gold's benefits with the creation bitcoin: through the introduction digital coin that can easily and effortlessly transmitted and the creation distributed, decentralized blockchain which will ease the flow commerce. the technology behind cryptocurrencies plays the driving force for fast, secure and transparent transactions. page the digitization gold solves the century old issue gold's portability has always been difficult asset move. gold has always been difficult asset move. people would have buy gold blocks and place them into secure vault. the process was clumsy, laborious, slow, expensive and vulnerable hacking, among other problems. the blockchain makes the process quicker and easier helping protect your gold, slashing expenses, allowing the asset moved effortlessly across borders, all the while shielding your investment from theft and loss. the other hand, transaction processing for cryptocurrency against fiat-based goods practically non-existent. this unsatisfied demand across cryptocurrency capitalization that has already surpassed us$ billion. puregold's value proposition successful business operator gold, puregold very strategic and pivotal position support pgg, cryptocurrency supported gold well develop and expand payment gateway with pgt and pgg. are the first payment gateway using pgg, cryptocurrency supported gold. hence, has attracted like-minded business associates and professionals form the puregold team launch this token swap for pgt and pgg. with its extensive credentials and expertise the gold business, the proceeds from the token swap will enable puregold expedite its roadmap achieve the vision worldwide adoption gold the facto international currency all commerce transactions. about puregold puregold.sg and bullion currencies puregold.sg was established e-commerce store selling value-added gold and silver coins and bars. one singapore's premier private mints with its own in-house factory. aspires the leading hub creative quality premium gift coins and bars that are made singapore. apart from physical retail shops, also runs and manages online platform, www.bullioncurrencies.com, empowering merchants and consumers use gold the base currency for all transactions. with its experience the gold price market, puregold.sg stepped into the global arena gold trading and electronic gold exchanges. puregold.sg proud have won the asia pacific top excellence brand year this prestigious award presented influential regional business magazine, the global business magazine. this title awarded outstanding brands each year, examined aspects including brand image, longevity, esteem and familiarity, goodwill, customer loyalty and overall market acceptance. page bullion currencies (pte ltd) subsidiary puregold.sg pte ltd. provides online platform where customers are able buy and sell gold, and also use the gold means payment when purchasing goods and services. firmly believes the notion "gold money" and has taken this literally into the e-commerce world. working together, they provide customers all-round service and pleasant experience when dealing with their gold transactions. puregold.sg, which headquartered singapore, has offices and retail outlets vietnam, malaysia and indonesia. has also launched gold dispensing machine singapore. puregold token swap with the strong business positioning and extensive expertise the gold domain, the puregold token swap team envisions the first payment gateway using pgg, cryptocurrency supported gold. this platform will fully supported with all the critical components: stored value cards issued consumers with account that can store both pgg and pgt; payment terminals facilitate merchants accept payment cards; gold dispenser machines (dm) installed various locations provide convenient access account holders; and pgpay payment gateway the complete suite backend system and frontend app support online and mobile transactions. puregold offers two digital tokens, pgt and pgg, running two separate ledgers. pgg works through digitized ledger the blockchain whose cryptocurrency value based physical gold. puregold sets pgg the current market price for physical gold. the company uses physical gold (of quality). key differences between puregold and other gold cryptocurrency blockchains include the following: first payment gateway using pgg, cryptocurrency supported gold; puregold issues two tokens pgt for transactions; and pgg digitized form physical gold; and the physical gold are stored decentralized storage unit which third party, separately audited security firm that puregold engages identify and store investment grade gold, gold jewellery, small ingots (up grams) and coins. page the characteristics the pgg digitized gold include the following: transparency information about all gold storage; puregold uses the decentralized blockchain for smart contracts and for tagging gold the pgg owner; the potential gain from increase the lbma gold price; and fast user registration system and identification. the current puregold platform may include the following: audited safe deposits; www.bullioncurrencies.com the gold-commerce platform that allows individuals corporate buy gold any amount and use pay for goods and services around the world; and application programming interface (api) for building application software and for helping software components interact. ethereum puregold using ethereum platform currently the most widely accepted platform which offers all the benefits blockchain (full traceability, non-repudiability etc.) and multiple source language implementations that encourage integration. ethereum will handle only the parts needing consensus, transparency and accountability. other services will continue provided using existing technology. puregold needs transactional blockchain with powerful system smart contracts which have the ability ensure that transaction can combine with the results previous transactions provide auditable consistent results. date, ethereum the only stable system that has achieved widespread adoption. the decades experience our senior development team tell avoid anything experimental run live system. target market cryptocurrency traders these participants can use pgg tokens guard against cryptocurrency volatility; standard participants these investors may want swap other cryptocurrencies such eth for pgt diversification their portfolio cryptocurrencies; and page e-commerce and self-employed individuals pgt may used payment for goods and services merchants. its low volatility asset and its predictability make invaluable form currency. pgg: applications the following sections provide some applications how one can use pgg. this not exhaustive list the general use cryptocurrencies may expand over time. some cases, individual may wish use the blockchain protect record transactions, while other times they may connect puregold's api (see section ..). savings storage pgg can stored long-term special and secure storage with options either converting the gold fiat some form cryptocurrency, such btc, eth, dash, etc. pgg uses the current price gold set the lbma gold price, its market value will adjust accordingly. page pgg and pgt token details here's how puregold uses its pgg and pgt: emission pgg pgt depends how much pgg needed but never exceeds the total amount gold storage. pgt emitted during this period limited supply. token swap limit available puregold.io website maximum pgt tokens. pgg unit which represents physical gold the bullion currencies e-commerce platform which will not integrated into the blockchain. exchange rate emission: pgg cost gram token swap: eth pgt gold commission. the variance between the value pgg and gram gold more than application depends the agreement described puregold. cost will determined the cryptocurrency exchanges. utility token offset transaction fees discounted rate. and where accepted merchants, pgt can used exchange for goods and services. from time time, pgt may opened exchanged for pgg. features value depends gold price based lbma. valuation pgt depends market forces. destruction pgg represents physical gold stored the secured vault and each gram gold serialized individual holders, once pgg sold, the gold will released make available the next owner. pgt tokens can burnt when used offset for transaction fees. page token swap pgg will not integrated into the pgt initially released via token blockchain. token swap will swap. this release broken down taking place. into private-swap, pre-ico and ico phase. puregold's platform people who want trade pgg for pgt can used offset fiat cryptocurrency transaction fees puregold's puregold's platform need platform. undergo puregold's full kyc procedure. pgt exchange for goods and services where accepted swap pgg occurs merchants puregold's platform. puregold's platform direct transaction between parties. puregold's platform executes pgg deals. pgg pgg digitized gold issued puregold that uses the current price gold set the lbma exchange the time swap. pgg (puregold gold) will not integrated into the blockchain avoid manipulation take place. pgg: equal one gram gold quality). ... pgg emission process: information the amounts physical gold storage propagated the blockchain ledger achieving desired transparency and openness all members the public. statements are received from the depositary (electronic printed). all physical gold storage exists the following forms: lbma certified gold bullions; fine gold coins and fine gold bars; fine gold, melted from lbma certified bars into manufacturer brand, stamped manufacturer. physical gold locked-up storage and rated according its value: moody's and above; standard poor's and above; and fitch and above. page all ratings are confirmed bank statements which are encoded blockchain uploading relevant forms ipfs the blockchain, thereby recording the amount gold storage. this amount gold storage (x) checked auditor from puregold. this number verified each month objective top audit company. these physical gold are not asset puregold and not constitute security from puregold. they belong the pgg token holders. tagging gold can fine gold (as this point writing). this means that each gram gold tagged particular pgg token. once additional gold put into storage, the smart contract will mint the pgg tokens accordingly. pgg users are provided with separate link that contains copies all pgg transactions. members can upload and edit their forms however many times and whenever they wish. all pgg records and assets are stored the ipfs, peer-to-peer hypermedia protocol make the web faster, safer, and more open. this provides sort immutability where users can check the records their transactions and gain security from knowing that these important documents are locked the blockchain ledger forever. the transparency the blockchain makes records publicly open all viewers. pgt pgt utility token issued puregold used pay offset transaction fees the gold-commerce platform. ... pgt rewards pgt utility token can used pay offset transaction fees whenever token holders perform any transactions the gold e-commerce, bullioncurrencies.com platform. these transactions could buying gold with fiat, selling gold making payments merchants. intended that holders pgt will benefit being charged just the prevailing fees when pgt used; from time time, and the sole discretion the puregold, pgt can exchanged for pgg rate announced puregold that point time. expected that the retained earnings from gold commerce will increase the stockpile gold held storage which would increase the supply pgg accordingly; and from time time, and the sole discretion the puregold, pgt holders can also rewarded with pgg puregold, proportion the amount pgt they hold. page what are the benefits pgt holders? pgt token can used purchase pgg spot price. pgt token holders will get gold spot price without incurring markup purchasing pgg using pgt token through gold ecommerce, bullioncurrencies.com platform which extremely attractive compared retail physical gold ownership. only purchasing pgt token from the cryptocurrency exchanges acquire pgg, you will get pgg gram pure gold spot price. addition, part the purchase and transactions profits made from the bullion currencies gold e-commerce platform and gold atm machine will credited pgt holders the form pgg. ... token swap the token swap launch the pgt will offered eth pgt. participants are given pgt tokens immediately upon confirmation the transfer eth; pgg token will given free participants for every eth swapped. pgg given will rounded down the nearest denomination. for example, eth swapped, pgg token will given; issuance pgg tokens will done after the entire token swap period over; token swap target set pgt; and the minimum target set pgt. this target not met, participants' eth will returned them. page pgt issue size pgt tokens made available participating parties puregold.io website. puregold platform third party storage unit storage facilities for precious metals form integral part puregold's commitment substantiate pgg value the market place. puregold will engage neutral third- party storage facilities place its gold. such facilities will credible reputation, audited and secured. other value-added features will the ability test and valuate precious metals well insurance coverage. gold-commerce platform with pgpay payment gateway the global demand cashless payments continues rise such astronomical rate such that cash payments are becoming increasing obsolete. the number worldwide cashless transactions was over billion whilst the rise mobile payments expected exceed trillion page fiat currencies become digitized, can gold. the advantages using gold currency over traditional fiat currencies are numerous and impossible for fiat currencies match. today transaction between persons residing different countries can still take several days and also cost the parties significant share the money transferred (the average cross border transaction fee .%) each party the transfer chain, which there are many, requires small margin for their efforts. this can now done seconds using pgg via the blockchain for practically zero cost and more securely than ever before. even those with strong interest new technology and better ways conducting transactions, gold still perceived stable and reliable investment instrument. the single most important step moving benefits from the conceptual into the practical mainstream enable people use gold the same way they can with any other currencies. this would mean the enablement instant payments with gold currency though were cash money. puregold building gold commerce platform for digital gold payments era. people will able store, spend and exchange gold the same way they could any other currency, but quicker, cheaper and more secured environment than what available now traditional bank fiat currency. the gold commerce platform will the decentralized core that interlocks the restricted financial world live today with futuristic gold economy with limitless and borderless opportunities. most the technology for this financial revolution already exists: apple pay, samsung pay, alipay; the world's biggest banks and payment platforms have already installed more than million contactless payment terminals throughout the world, number that growing rapidly. puregold will take full advantage this global contactless phenomenon, but instead using traditional payment cards with fiat currencies, will use personal smart phones the medium for digital gold payments. can skip generations dedicated development some the biggest companies the world and adapt that technology the gold currency era within months, not decades. anticipate the near future that gold currency can instantaneously transferred into any local fiat currency anywhere the world. cashless payments and contactless payment terminals will make this reality. this system will quicker, cheaper and safer than what any fiat currency bank has ever been able achieve. for the retailer, they are none-thewiser. far they are concerned, they will paid their currency their choice. this just small step from cashless gold currency payments additional services, such cross border transactions. puregold will commence operations delivering the best gold currency mobile payment application available today. adoption increases, additional services will added meet the rising demands gold token users. the team puregold has many years experience building fintech online applications, commerce and mobile payment solutions. further details the team are presented under section this whitepaper. page advantages making and receiving payments gold. from payer's point view: when the price gold increases, payer can make use the increase value make payments when buying products, e.g. food, clothing and electronic gadgets etc; and payer does not need pay transaction fee when paying merchant business entity for products and services, and the exchange rate gold currency, e.g. gold/sgd, spot price. from payee's point view: payee pays transaction fee this akin purchasing gold above spot price, which extremely attractive. result: win-win situation for all parties. many businesses and merchants have indicated keen interest come onboard the gold commerce platform offer their products and services and accept payment via pay. the mobile app being launched january these merchants will concurrently brought online. page puregold e-commerce solutions there are two equally important sides the infrastructure required ensure the rapid adoption gold economics. the ability make payments and the ability receive payments. the puregold mobile commerce app will process the payments which turn will utilise the vast resources the world's biggest payment providers using digital contactless payment technology through supporting pos terminals receive payments. nevertheless, there are still millions businesses that for wide variety reasons are unable unwilling connect this payment network. for example, you will not find many street traders delhi that have contactless visa terminal. the puregold team has been actively building alternative contactless payment solutions for business covering all areas business life from key retail sectors such restaurants and bars, street traders and the internet stores. the puregold mobile commerce app for business will dedicated mobile solution for businesses that can applied all sectors. functions include: gold currency exchange; transaction history; manage payment details; filter currencies, payment time, shopping methods etc; new store connections; and customised loyalty and cashback programs. page page the puregold gold commerce solutions generate not only the ability for merchants accept gold currencies, but also: conversion between gold currencies and fiat money puregold's platform (available after this token swap campaign has ended); increases the speed payment, now takes approximately minute compared with days for current payment methods (other than cash); reduced costs. average payments through the puregold infrastructure will times cheaper than the cost card acquiring; flexibility with wide range payment solutions; and reliability, all solutions have been tested over years development and real time use. puregold's universal solution will have the ability replace expensive and restricted pos contactless terminals, simply act alternative those terminals when the merchant has access them would prefer enhanced experience. receive payments gold, the merchant has simply install the puregold app their mobile device, such tablet, which turn produces payment codes containing all the essential payment details. the purchaser uses their puregold mobile commerce solution scan the code and the payments are processed practically instantaneously. this solution has become the overriding leader many countries, especially china where such methods payment have almost eliminated the competition. estimated that over payment points are equipped with payment solutions, which turn support the most popular apps alipay and wechat. with the support puregold, such mass adoption could easily extended gold currencies, for any merchant, anywhere the world. all they need internet connection via mobile device. code payments puregold developed api enables any internet store display code, which turn can read the puregold mobile gold commerce customer scan that code and make payment using gold currency the same way they could any contactless payment point. not only does enable the same benefits the mobile commerce app noted previously, also simplifies the checkout process filling essential payment information such delivery address, contact phone number etc. when scanning the code. this all done instantaneously cost for the merchant which many times cheaper than they pay today. such benefits are also being applied offline contactless payment points where there need for human interaction, for example pay for parking permit paying for petrol without leaving the car. page puregold open platform puregold believes that the gold currency era will require much wider development community. for this reason, puregold providing open platform that enables companies build their own products using puregold api. many the features the mobile platform will made available for developers use inside their own payment applications and solutions. examples products and services that can created and provided through the puregold api include: gold currency wallets; gold currency exchanges; gold systems for payments and off-line; loyalty programs; payments with the use gold currency and tokens; information retrieval; automated regular payments; billing; and receive automatic notification transactions. puregold offline facilities while most payment companies are only focusing providing online facilities similar the above, puregold has included the following physical facilities further enhance end users' experience and convenience. stored value cards issued consumers with account. the card the physical multi-currency (fiat and cryptocurrencies) wallet which can loaded with cryptocurrencies via the payment terminals gold dispenser machines (dm), which are connected the puregold platform. the card also facilitates payments via cryptocurrencies held the card through nfc and contactless technology. this will come very handy the event theft the mobile phone loss battery service coverage. payment terminals facilitate merchants accept payment cards. the payment terminal the point sales smart device that connected the blockchain, that each transaction recorded. consumers use payment terminal buy physical goods using cryptocurrency. the payment terminal software-based running android and ios tablets. extended version the consumer mobile wallet app. software and feature updates can performed remotely via the web. page gold dispenser machines (dm) installed various locations provide convenient access account holders. puregold already has existing gold machines allow consumers buy gold coins using fiat. these gold dms will enhanced internet machines that allow pgg owners withdraw their gold. they may offer bi-directional functionality; enabling both the purchase pgg well the withdrawal gold that tagged those particular pgg tokens. legalities puregold incorporation ltd registered seychelles. first stage: pgg fixed the current price gold set the london bullion market association (lbma). full details this transaction are downloaded the blockchain. later stages: applicants through puregold's kyc procedure for swapping pgg. other details include the following: pgt tokens are static, meaning that their ownership does not entitle you dividends earnings' income; citizens u.s.a. are not allowed swap for pgt tokens during this initial release; necessary, puregold will reimburse any u.s.a. citizen who swapped pgt tokens with fiat; and puregold may entertain the possibility registering its project the sec should their project enter the american market. puregold requires users complete registration through know-your-customer (kyc) process prior any token swap. this line with financial services best practices verify users' identity prevent financial fraud, money laundering and terrorist financing. also ensures citizens and residents excluded from the token swap are not eligible make any token swap. while puregold understands that due the use crypto wallets the kyc process not fool proof identification system when setting puregold account, nevertheless putting place best efforts ensure compliance. page roadmap: operational business model puregold receives most its revenues from: licensing fees from licensed operators the gold commerce platform other countries and regions; gold commerce platform transaction fees; and gold trading and minting. most puregold's expenses come from the following: legal expenses and taxes; staff development, marketing, business development; fees for participating conferences, travel; marketing and pr; ethereum costs; and production gold dm. work schedule pgt tokens will found ethereum; ethereum's erc interface will carry the first mined pgt load; and pgt tokens will given pgt ticker. more detailed roadmap finalized. page budget and use funds budget use funds page roadmap: business expansion plan highlights licensing local operators one the key revenue generators puregold's business will come from licensing its gold commerce platform other operators other countries and cross border regions. puregold gold commerce platform one the most complete gold-based e-commerce and payment gateway systems the region. its system scalable and replicable serve ever growing digitally global community, especially the asian region. with our headquarters based singapore, which well acknowledged tightly legislated and legal compliant nation, there will many parties interested operate the puregold gold commerce platform their countries regions. puregold will expand its reach these new territories through the local operators via licensing model. each these local operators will manage replicated set puregold's gold commerce platform serve the local community, which will include some these key components: localized bullion currencies website customized suit the local market; pgpay mobile app the respective local language; payment terminals; and gold dm, etc. qualify for consideration licensed operator, the prospecting licensee must swap five bitcoins for pgt. other details the licensing model will revealed the public the company embarks its regional expansion plan after the token swap. page merchant acquisition and client base expansion with the launch the pgpay mobile payment app january will initiating marketing campaign concurrently reach out the consumers and merchants large. publicity via online and print advertisements, coverage financial media and channels, road show, events, attractive sign-up incentive for both consumers and merchants, will run intensively tandem with the token swap. this will not only build both the customer base and merchant acquisition for the gold commerce and payment gateway, will also raise the profile the token swap pgt and entice more people contribute the token swap. during the token swap, puregold will also announce various partnerships with strategic alliances who are already onboard the gold commerce and payment gateway platform. these alliances are merchants with products and services who will accept pgt one the modes payment. this will create strong demand for pgt more consumers and further expand the pgt token swap subscriber base. team andy loh ceo and founder widely respected figure asia's commodities and precious metals industry. founder puregold.sg since andy has created reputable private mint, set retail shops with strong local and global client base and also established strong foothold singapore, malaysia and vietnam. has pioneered full-cycle private minting production chain for mass physical gold productions singapore and achieved remarkable best sales award lazada.sg. has also launched asia's first gold atm machine and first payment gateway use gold-backed tokens, making century digital currency reality. lee kai mun chief technology engineer training and obtained master degree management technology. more than years the industry focusing secured backend and operation systems especially the financial sector. one the more prominent projects was the design and implementation online payment gateway that integrates banks, credit card companies and merchant systems provide secure, fast and convenient e-commerce platform for the masses. lin hwee tay coo hwee tay multi disciplined serial investor and business integrator from singapore. his passion spans the area design, education, healthcare, cryptocurrency and real estate. for the past years, has brought value many businesses the capacity entrepreneur, educator and industrial designer. page christopher bridges legal llb (hons)(london), msiarb, aciarb, director christopher bridges law corporation. besides general litigator, christopher has keen interest legal aspects fintech industry. was involved coss and zilla ico. kayson toh key advisor bach. business administration. kayson has been investing cryptocurrency businesses since was awarded digital currency council (dcc) certified professional. eric alexandre jetcoin founder blockchain advisor eric creative director and helps promising talents develop professional grade image. spearhead the "jetcoin institute", organization aimed financing the development young athletes and artists through 'jetcoin'. billy chiam marketing officer billy principal areas practice are sales and marketing, with notable empahsis corporate minting and precious metals industry. also have strong background it, online marketing including seo, e-commerce, social media marketing and branding for years. joseph mode head community experienced social media manager with strong background the financial services industry. skilled initial coin offerings (ico), bounty campaign and project management. through his long years experience and strong expertise, has developed and managed various company's online communities using visual media which remarkably boosted the branding image and engagement. aaron troy cassar co-founder natures coin double degree with majors accounting, marketing and retail management from queensland university, australia. aaron has fifteen years experience providing consulting work with publicly listed companies from malaysia, hong kong, china, singapore, australia and usa membership marketing strategies, loyalty payment solutions, merchant payments, and also debit card programs. page jitendra rathod head press contents with background microbiology, jitendra was professor college for years before shifting his career towards writing. with more than years experience content writer and strategist, jitendra has worked for many companies wide variety industries. has led content teams and has created, and successfully executed, content marketing campaigns for many clients. passionate follower the blockchain technology and believes the transformative and disruptive capabilities the technology revolutionize every aspect human endeavor. noel clarion senior blockchain consultant noel has experience architecture scalable and secure blockchain nodes, wallet infrastructure and development dapps, smart contracts, and erc tokens. yongho yoon head business development korea yoon highly respected figure social security governor. spearhead the social security company south korea. glossary kyc know your customer (kyc) the process business identifying and verifying the identity its clients. token swap swap pgts pg-pay final token swap reflect this initiative. the reason for this swap revamping our new project and will announce new set rewards and incentives that will beneficial all pg-pay token holders. once the swap fully performed, will announcing ieo raise funds for more gold atm and expand asia pacific, and able implement the new reward feature licensed exchange. page the new token name (pg-pay) follow our project's dna, (pg-pay.com) and gold atm. will not swap any the pgt token and pgts token after //. incentives that are beneficial all pg-pay token holders incentive table pg-pay holders sgd (payout pgg) (pgg gold). gold price spot price (payout every three months). incentive no. (gold atm) total company total incentives gross sales given out gold atm pg-pay holders incentive no. pg-pay (buying gold) pg-pay sales total incentives profit given out (share pg-pay holders .%) possible incentives gained pg-pay holder owning total token supply possible incentives gained pg-pay holder owning total token supply possible incentives gained pg-pay holder owning total token supply possible incentives gained pg-pay holder owning total token supply incentive no. pg-pay (merchant's payment) pg-pay sales total incentives possible incentives profit given out gained pg-pay (share pg-pay holders holder owning .%) total token supply possible incentives gained pg-pay holder owning total token supply page announcing exchanges initial exchange offering ("ieo") lex exchange australia can traded $au pair. each pg-pay token will selling usd.. page