pwr coin white paper. the future online payments here. (c) pwr coin dev team. all rights reserved. disclaimer this guide used for informational purposes only and should not taken financial advice, please always ensure you your own research. you have any additional questions, please reach out either channel: pwr discord telegram (see links section). we, the pwr dev team, confirm that the work presented this whitepaper our own. where information has been derived from other sources, confirm that this has been indicated the attributions. pwr dev team dev@pwr-coin.com pwr coin table contents. (c) pwr coin dev team. all rights reserved. acknowledgements introduction pwr coin historical overview pwr coin under new management pwr coin brand and marketing pwr coin technical specifications pwr coin code base modifications pwr coin coin supply pwr coin controlling inflation pwr coin use case pwr pay pwr coin team pwr coin road map official pwr coin channels works cited pwr coin acknowledgements. pwr coin would not have been possible without the prior works the respective bitcoin, peercoin, and zerocoin developers. open source software and its contributors are constantly paving the way toward new and exciting innovations. are grateful our predecessors for the opportunity contribute this growing ecosystem. (c) pwr coin dev team. all rights reserved. pwr coin introduction. fiat money defined paper currency and coins (mo) represented globally approximately different currencies (contributors, with approximate total value usd trillion. (wagner, believe that cryptocurrency becoming viable alternative fiat brings myriad desirable improvements. pwr coin desires part this change providing alternative payment method for online shopping. are confident that people become familiar with using cryptocurrency, they will begin understand the advantages and this will lead the way towards mass adoption. the vision pwr coin integral part this exciting shift from the fiat cryptocurrency! (c) pwr coin dev team. all rights reserved. pwr coin pwr coin historical overview. (c) pwr coin dev team. all rights reserved. pwr coin was first released around may under the branded name powercoin and was known the ticker pwr. you would like investigate this greater detail, you can review the bitcointalk ann and twitter page. launch, the coin generated some mild enthusiasm because launched hybrid coin with both proof stake and proof work based the gpu mined nist algorithm. since asic mining bitcoin was considered beyond the reach the masses that time, certain portions the crypto community were pleased see new gpu mining coin become available that was not ico based offering. (praxis, pwr coin within approximately two hours the initial announcement bitcointalk, member named praxis quickly pointed out that there had already been powercoin existence for some time. fact, you can see the original powercoin was initially announced bitcointalk may using the ticker pwc. (nwo interestingly enough, the observation made praxis was quickly brushed aside the original poster petersen with the following statement: "nothing with that old coin since died decided keep making our project calling powercoin." course, this began what would become the tangled web future events surrounding this coin. (c) pwr coin dev team. all rights reserved. following these events, the coin began trading yobit, and variety mining pools begin support the coin. june the coin began trading yobit around satoshis, and just four days later reached peak price satoshis june th, sadly, the price made quick reversal, and within four days was selling for satoshis june (coinmarketcap. now things begin take tragic turn because the end june the price tumbled almost nothing with users complaining about being unable sell the coin even satoshi. various accusations quickly swirled with the consensus being the developer had scammed the community and made fast cash out via premine-pump-and-dump scheme. (charloz, new and problematic development started causing additional problems such hubot processing dmca request against the github repository for powercoin august (hubot, those not familiar with dmca, acronym referring the digital millennium copyright act. suffice say the powercoin repository was removed from github based copyright infringement(s). this point, the future the coin looked grim, and the legitimacy the developer was called into question. the community was uproar, and the price the coin was the lowest possible amount, and the problems were still not over. pwr coin (c) pwr coin dev team. all rights reserved. the next greatest destructive force for this coin would soon appear within the source code itself. result various mistakes made the original developer, hyperinflation raised its ugly head with the coin staking unsustainable rate approximately apr. for whatever reason and let's say it's safe assume was pure speculation the coin did continue trade albeit incredibly rock bottom prices. some speculators bought the coin thinking that may someday come back while others abandoned the coin. make matters worse, the larger the balance and the longer the coins set without moving the more they would multiply. coupled with the fact the developer abandoned the coin, can see very hopeless scenario for this doomed cryptocurrency. the final nail the coffin was when the largest the coin holders staked their wallets into oblivion. little did they know that once their balances accumulated over billion coins, the balance would negative making them inaccessible due the limitations the -bit signed integer type. not only did this impact single users, likely affected large exchanges such yobit, bleutrade, and coinexchange. are now that point time where all exchanges have the coin maintenance, and the vast majority users assume the coin dead. little did they know that new and much needed second chance was just around the corner the form our development team stepping breath new life into this otherwise hopeless gem. pwr coin pwr coin under new management. july was searching for ultralow value coins invest and stumbled upon this coin. because the wallet was maintenance mode the exchange, decided purchase some coins directly from individual who was very happy sell them for one satoshi btc per coin. like some other hopeful speculators, just began staking the coins the hopes that maybe someday things would turn around. (c) pwr coin dev team. all rights reserved. march our development team was considering project wherein would create purpose-built coin designed specifically for use e-commerce payment option. needed something with extremely fast block time, very low transaction fees and incredibly reliable and stable network. after some lively internal discussion, the dev team agreed that powercoin was great candidate and could completely reworked provide what needed. this time decided tackle the project wholeheartedly. step one was settle new branding, and opted with pwr coin utilizing the existing ticker pwr. new logo was created well variety header graphics for use social media pages while the dev team analysed the code and debated what changes should made, many other items where being put place. pwr coin pwr coin brand and marketing. new social pages were created facebook, twitter, google plus, youtube, reddit, discord and telegram. domain name was purchased, and temporary website was put dedicated server https://pwr-coin.com new github repository was created, and made available freshly rebranded versions the wallet. new bitcointalk ann was created along with new signatures. (c) pwr coin dev team. all rights reserved. pwr coin additionally. new vps seed nodes were set maintain the network well vps nodes for testnet testing and new block explorer. branded marketing video was created promote the upcoming changes, build the community and variety promotional activities began discord. last but not least, the dev team paid for exchange listing cryptohub and also added the coin the cryptocapworld and coinmarketcap sites that the pwr community could buy/sell and monitor the coin. (c) pwr coin dev team. all rights reserved. with the digital footprint, social channels and supporting network place, began analyse the code. although knew going that the code would bad shape, much our dismay, was even worse than had imagined. refusing discouraged from the task hand, our three developers painstakingly worked through the code for months making all the necessary corrections and improvements. once satisfied with the code base rework, completed extensive testing testnet. subsequently made available the downloadable binaries along with compressed blockchain for faster loading. much hard work has now brought the point where are ready move forward with the plans that allow achieve our use case goals. pwr coin pwr coin technical specifications. ticker: algorithm: rpc port: port: block find time: difficulty algorithm block size: (c) pwr coin dev team. all rights reserved. pwr nist seconds (avg.) ppc diff aigo re-target every mins mined/minted maturity: confirmation: circulation year) circulation years) protocol support: pos: minstakeage: blocks minutes) blocks minutes) .tn pwr .tn pwr ipv, ipv, tor peercoin pos hrs proof work (pow) re-enabled incentivise miners, decentralize the network further and doing so, dramatically increasing the number live connections wallet can connect to, get the blockchain. the time this writing, the network mining hash rate stable gh/s. pwr coin pwr coin code base modifications. (c) pwr coin dev team. all rights reserved. quick overview the tasks completed during our code base rework are below: the original power coin was cloned, based the zerocoin code base. minimal effort was placed improving the coin moving the technology forward. the first step was the rebranding the power coin (zerocoin) pwr coin. this was followed numerous improvements the code address "double spend" exploit, brand new mxe compilation process for stable and wallet for windows and version .., modifications resolve the negative integer overflow issue when exceeding billion coin balance, now handle the balance billion. proof stake (pos) reduced, and proof work (pow) re-enabled encourage miners helping secure the network through further decentralization. invite you review our github repository, review the code base for pwr coin. https://github.com/pwrcoin/pwrcoin pwr coin every detail from branding code updates, patches correct exploits, are well documented. additional modifications and improvements the code base: fix: issue bug was crashing the wallet when staking exceeds coins per output limit, the code will now fail the stake and warn you split your inputs instead crashing. the max_money prevent large transactions from paying fee fix: the money supply field the wallet was broken, fork height the field will reset and used track new coin creation new: hardcoded seeds have been added the wallet pointing our block explorer and pwr seed vps fix: the wallet will longer stake dust fix: the old bitcoin irc code completely removed from the wallet for security reasons fix: double spending vulnerability (c) pwr coin dev team. all rights reserved. fix: rpc handler bug has been resolved when rpc client (example: ccminer) aborted its connection, this prevented the wallet from stopping properly new: fork height old wallets< will rejected new: new rpc call "burn" has been added the wallet, for those who want burn their coins, the coins are sent vanity address new: new rpc call "burn" has been added the wallet, for those who want burn their coins, the coins are sent vanity address burnblrckmwomffgfzzrsczvjpozs the vanity address was generated with modified "vanitygenplus" tool that purpose does not generate the correct private key length. therefore the coins are lost new: pow nist enabled again fork height, you can use ccminer cpuminer-multi mine it, there full support for nist existing pool software version added zapwallettxes rpc the wallet, this should avoid the painful dumpwallet/importwallet cycle some scenarios and new network traffic widget and peer view table pre vs. post fork new coins day pwr coin this does not account for any future development plans reduce inflation further. this does not account for any plans for coin bums. phase phase duration (days) pre-fork post-fork ,,, ,,, ,,, ,,, ,,, ,,, ,,, ,,, pwr coin coin supply. circulating supply: pwr (june/) circulating supply (in years): pwr why hard come with accurate circulating supply? (c) pwr coin dev team. all rights reserved. the explorer can only scan what the blockchain, which simply collection inputs and outputs that make the wallet balances it's not possible determine how many users lost their private keys due filesystem/harddisk corruption/ accidental deletion/ software bugs etc it's not possible determine wallets old chain (we hard forked may it's not possible determine wallets with negative balance who are unable access their funds (fixed v.., and already use cryptohub exchange) orphaned blocks are counted the totals because the explorer software does not handle blockchain reorganizations. software limitation} the coin supply rises per cycle after phase the total supply takes just over three years increase billion pwr coins only increase supply put this into perspective the table below demonstrates how the total coins generated daily was drastically reduced. pre-fork generated billion coins daily, compared only million decreasing down approx. million daily post-fork pwr coin pwr coin controlling inflation. have implemented the following degrading pow tier reward system and reduced pos. phase pow block reward blocks) pow strategically tiered down over the coming years bring supply growth comfortable near zero inflation rate. (c) pwr coin dev team. all rights reserved. start block (fork) end block reward total coins days coins/ day pwr coin pos block reward blocks) new: pos rewards have been severely reduced coins per proof-of-stake block. phase start block (fork) end block reward total coins days coins/ day total effect supply (c) pwr coin dev team. all rights reserved. phase pow coin pos coin total coin supply days coins/ day ,,,, ,,,, ,,,, ,,,, ,,,, ,,,, ,,,, ,,,, pwr coin pwr coin use case pwr pay. mentioned previously, the intended use case for this coin e-commerce payment option. more specifically, the pwr pay e-commerce gateway which will tackling multiple phases development, built php. (c) pwr coin dev team. all rights reserved. simple terms, pwr pay will free-to-download plugin that can used extend the functionality the e-commerce website offering pwr coin payment option. further enhance the capabilities pwr coin, will setting gateway that allows the transfer pwr coins from one e-commerce website another that set with the pwr pay plugin. initially, will release the plugin extension the woocommerce/wordpress platform. here where the process monitoring for bugs and any necessary features, improved usability, will begin. once the pwr pay plugin proven stable and user-friendly, will create additional plugins for use other e-commerce platforms such shopify, magento, opencart, prestashop, zencart, etc. our goal will provide straightforward installation procedure which can accomplished typical website developer. detailed installation documentation will included with the pwr coin plugin and offer technical support through our various channels where already provide service the community. regarding pwr coin being the coin payment, have methodically massaged the coin specifications for this very task. for example, block timing consistently runs about seconds allow for the accommodation substantial quantity rapid e-commerce payments. additionally, the ultra-low transfer fee pwr coin makes the transaction incredibly cost-effective. (c) pwr coin dev team. all rights reserved. last but certainly not least that the security and stability the network are achieved via the hybrid nature the coin. vast network computers around the world are online performing proof stake (pos) while simultaneously there also substantial amount proof work (pow) hashing. pos process onehalf the blockchain blocks while pow processes the other half. this virtually eliminates any concerns type attack well any concerns insufficient transaction processing resources. with open wallets staking, miners adding value through pow, and e-commerce sites further expanding the list available nodes, strengthens the entire pwr coin network. important understand that the pwr pay e-commerce plugin can also provide some other interesting benefits for the installer and coin. the installer the plugin will benefit result gaining pos payouts balances stored their wallet. when e-commerce website running the plugin, the balance will provide for staking rewards which provide the installer with stream coins. the coin itself can benefit because each e-commerce plugin installation provides another network node which can process transactions for the entire network. additionally, the development team looking leveraging the pwr pay plugin with variety options help control and/or reduce the coin supply such sending transaction fee the official burn address, requiring minimum plugin wallet balance keep the plugin activated, etc. user pwr coin pwr pay plugin user wallet new e-commerce site user wallet use case flow chart outline the pwr pay processing infrastructure: pwr coin user wallet (computer, mobile, cloud) e-commerce website new e-commerce site withdrawals only deposits process deposits and withdrawals pwr coin deposits withdrawals purchase made onsite user transaction fees burn address e-commerce website and pwr coin user wallet remaining balance returned plugin yes remaining pwr balance user pwr balance transferred website (c) pwr coin dev team. all rights reserved. website reserve balance pwr coin pwr coin team. project coordinator/ front-end developer/ marketing disaster faster: began working with ibm mainframe big data systems the army and has been continuously involved many facets the .t. world for more than years. has completed semester hours college and holds bachelor's degree i.t. with focus software engineering. (c) pwr coin dev team. all rights reserved. has been involved wide variety successful startup projects dating back the and known for his passion, motivation, and dedication. pwr coin disaster faster's second major blockchain project, and enjoys interacting with the development team and the community. his vision, energy, and ability communicate his ideas, brings together very tight-knit and focused team cryptocurrency. pwr coin crypto developer/ infrastructure support plainkoin: specializes code branding, merkle and genesis block creation, testnet environments, increased decentralization via seed node creation. web-based crypto apps, online and offline paper wallets. twenty-three years the information technology world supporting everything from enterprise level desktop environments servers, switches lans well extensive networking/ communications background. blockchain developer/ infrastructure specialist ghobson: masters degree advanced methods computer science including expertise systems integration and data storage technologies. has over years experience working the data storage industry. (c) pwr coin dev team. all rights reserved. first began coding mol create expert advisers for trading forex markets the platform. eventually diving into the world c++ and crypto development well supporting infrastructure. pwr coin pk's second major project, roi coin, ongoing project that will take some time mature, while working the pwr project. this will his cryptocurrency project where specializes core wallet development, build/packaging, well maintaining blockchain explorers and github repositories. pwr coin graphic design jmcadg: qualified typographic designer studying the london college printing, london, england. after working graphic designer variety design studios, opened his own design studio sole trader before creating limited company data analyst/ research statistics andemang: masters degree with skill set including expertise research, data analysis, statistics, correlation, reporting, database design, and management. (c) pwr coin dev team. all rights reserved. with years designer under his belt, has wealth experience bring the team. currently working the new website, and providing marketing collateral, looking forward seeing pwr grow it's use case comes the fore. worked government scientist doing variety research related the agricultural industry. speaks four languages fluently and this andemangs second cryptocurrency project. pwr coin content development/ media specialist lmg: currently finishing bachelors degree english major and teaches part time local elementary school. social media manager diwata: expert marketing analytics and social media engagement, excellent communication skills with years customer service and technical support. engaged users inquiries and concerns via various social media communication outlets, strengthening customer relationships through follow-up, ensuring customer had all the answers needed make informed decision. (c) pwr coin dev team. all rights reserved. lmg's specialties include literature, grammar, creative writing, proofreading and general content development. this lmg's first cryptocurrency project. detail oriented with copy-writing and editing skills, diligent use proper grammar all forms communication ensure higher level professionalism. pwr coin pwr coin road map. quarter new development team fork@ block new branding new digital footprint new exchange listing quarter new website design release roadmap release white paper release wallet v.. quarter new marketing videos new tutorial videos release paper wallet release tipbot wallet enhancements v.. quarter (c) pwr coin dev team. all rights reserved. branding push paid marketing push new market cap listing new exchange listing pwr coin quarter wallet updates lightweight wallet version tipping system dice game quarter market analysis marketing push in-house mining pool* (dependant demand) new exchange listing quarter marketing push android app website ecommerce website faucet quarter (c) pwr coin dev team. all rights reserved. paid marketing push pwr pay tutorials wallet enhancements decentralized exchange pwr coin pwr coin official channels. unfortunately, some scammers and copycats are using our work. please always verify url. (c) pwr coin dev team. all rights reserved. never ask for anything, never give anything someone asking. home website wallet download block explorer exchange bitcointalk ann market cap info facebook twitter google plus discord reddit telegram telegram youtube https://pwr-coin.com/ https://github.com/pwrcoin/pwrcoin/releases https://blockexplorer. pwr-coin.com/ https://cryptohub.online/market/pwr/ https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=. https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/powercoin/ https://www.facebook.com/pwrcoin/ https://twitter.com/pwr_coin https://plus.google.com/u//+pwrcoin https://discord.gg/pgwrns https://www.reddit.com/r/pwrcoin/ https://t.me/pwr_coin_official https://t.me/pwr_coin https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucvbzianjijzchlerwvlg pwr coin pwr coin works sited. charloz. june [ann][pwr] powercoin distributed computing made easy [now trading]. retrieved from bitcointalk: https://bitcointalk.org/ index.php?topic=. msg#msg (c) pwr coin dev team. all rights reserved. hubot. august github dmca. retrieved from github: https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/ master//---powercoin.md nwo. may [ann][exchange confirmed][pools] powercoin pwc release now! retrieved from bitcointalk: https://bitcointalk.org/index. php?topic=. coinmarketcap. june -). coinmarketcap currencies powercoin. retrieved from coinmarketcap: https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/ powercoin/#charts praxis. may [ann][pwr] powercoin distributed computing made easy [now trading]. retrieved from bitcointalk: https:// bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=. msg#msg contributors, december). currency. retrieved from wikipedia the free encyclopedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/currency wagner, april how much money there earth? retrieved from gizmodo: https://gizmodo.com//how-muchmoney-is-there-on-earth