pylon network. the energy blockchain platform. token paper december pylon network token paper table contents executive summary pylon network introduction pylon network. creation consumer centered energy ecosystem. the innovation. the open-source blockchain pylon network. ... technical specifications. ... green mining. non-competitive mining environment. ... the actors our green mining system and the distribution rewards. ... future supply and distribution pylnc. the pylon network assets. ... the pylon token pylnt. ... the pyloncoin pylnc. ... the pylon wallet. building the eco-system our mvp demonstrated technology (pilot demo) partners. disclaimer references pylon network token paper preface the release the pylon token paper comes, approximately, one year after the official start the implementation our project. this past year, has been the most interesting, challenging and rewarding period, during which, have learnt lot. the purpose this token paper lay out the basic operational pillars pylon network and particular, the relationship and interactions pylon token (pylnt) and pyloncoin (pylnc) which are presented for the first time. see cooperation among all energy stakeholders fundamental ingredient the energy transition and pylon network has been born exactly this: common, open and transparent framework cooperation the energy sector. the time act now. respectfully, pylon network team the present tokenpaper has not been subject verification registration the official records the national securities market commission ("cnmv"). the ico pylonnetwork exempt from the obligation publish the information leaflet accordance with the provisions letter section article royal legislative decree october which approves the consolidated text the securities market law (hereinafter the "securities market law"). investors are warned that the functionalities the future pylon platform described this tokenpaper are subject change depending whether there are technical limitations, legal, regulatory product strategy changes during its development. pylon network token paper executive summary pylon network neutral energy database, supported our open-source blockchain technology specially designed serve the needs the energy sector. develop blockchain code that fast, scalable and with minimal energy requirements designed play the role the digital communication infrastructure for the increased participation distributed assets and stakeholders the energy markets, well the provision digital energy services focused the increased engagement the most important player with our democratized future energy systems; the end-user. pylon network token paper pylon network introduction pylon network. pylon network have developed neutral database based blockchain technology where consumption and production data energy market users are stored and allows them decide who they want share with hence, actively participating the market. fig.. pylon network: neutral energy data facilitator for the provision added-value services every-day consumers like our friend, domenico other stakeholders. with pylon network level data neutrality achieved, which enables new level innovation and competition capacity the energy markets. now the consumer/ producer/prosumer himself/herself who, with easy tool, decides what with their private information, being able choose which third-party retailer energy service company (esco) can access and offer back digital services them helping that way consumers (fig..) save their bill. pylon network token paper creation service-oriented ecosystem around the end user. the data sharing architecture (fig.) pylon network, not only empowers the end user (consumers/prosumers) helping them save money energy, but also empowers the retailers companies and escos, who can offer more targeted, informed and personalized services (e.g. electricity contract) based high quality, granular consumer data. pylon network ecosystem fig.. pylon network ecosystem. pylon network token paper the innovation. the open-source blockchain code pylon network. pylon network the first blockchain code, designed specifically for the needs the energy sector. offer pylon network's blockchain technology with open source (os) license play the role inclusive communication protocol accessible all stakeholders the energy market. developed our technology with the main objective accelerating the energy transition and not leave anyone behind the fast-evolving era decentralization, digitalization, customer engagement and transparent cooperation the energy sector. the following sections through some the innovative characteristics pylon network, which make more than common platform for digital energy services and more like ecosystem value creation for the energy sector. ... technical specifications. specification description tx/s high rate transactions per second, designed for the energy sector and all its actors. non-competitive with federated nodes, promote poc cooperation against the pow mining competition improve energy efficiency and minimize hardware costs. low energy consumption consumption tx/wh (i.e. wh/tx). gdpr aligned designed comply with data privacy regulations. pylon network token paper specification description open source anyone can use and its users are encouraged voluntarily improve its design. this strategy create scalable, effective common framework for cooperation the energy sector. the same time, open-source software takes out the risk technology "lock-in" high risk factor new, untested technologies, like blockchain. copy the code can found github, here. permission management allows the interaction between the actors the energy market while maintaining privacy. scalable multiple nodes can added, increasing the number users supported the system. (currently supports users). ... green mining. non-competitive mining environment. one the characteristics blockchain decentralization. there are central servers entities responsible for storing the data and any computer that connects the network can verify and process transactions. the same time, all these connected computers carry copy the history all transactions that have taken place the network. these two points, mean that for its operation requires the support from its users hence its decentralized nature. the concept mining decentralized data ledgers that someone wants collaborate with the network, they must offer something back from their part the collaboration effective, they will get reward. other words, users (nodes) are rewarded support the network and help maintain its transparency verifying transactions and creating new blocks. however, order collaborate, they must comply with pre-established rules, which may differ depending the type blockchain and the utility that each network aims incentivize. pylon network have defined set consensus rules easily verifiable the nodes that are not intensive energy consumption proof work pow. refer proof cooperation poc. the use poc allows eliminate the competitive nature the miners and reduce the hardware cost (both upfront and maintenance). the same time, our blockchain has associated commission per transaction (fee/gas) other blockchains do. pylon network, there are different types nodes, each with different roles regarding their operation the platform; the reward pyloncoins received each type node, also varies (see later section for more info pylnc reward). pylon network token paper pyloncoin pylnc digital coin that created reward the work validating and maintaining the information stored the chain blocks. the validation carried out the validating nodes. furthermore, part the coins created goes producers and prosumers, serving incentive and support for those who decide generate renewable energy. the details the actors (node types) participating this reward system are explained the following sections. ... the green mining stakeholders and the distribution pylnc rewards. pylon network want involve important players the energy sector and reward them fairly incentivize the participation and cooperation all these actors the energy market. order this, have differentiated two types nodes, which are represented different market players and perform different sets operation the platform. these are the light nodes and the full nodes. type node who can apply for it? light node prosumers. producers. pylon token holders (managed the pylon team) full node retailers. energy cooperatives distributors energy services companies, escos. strategic partners. what are the requirements? installed metron. datahubs integration. what percentage reward pylnc will receive? server integration server integration server integration light nodes: metrons other (existing) monitoring hardware, integrated with the pylon network's opensource algorithm. they can synchronize and store all information transactions; however, only the headers all the blocks generated the blockchain are pylon network token paper stored the light nodes. the same time, their duty certify the information all kinds energy flows/transactions that are recorded the blockchain. these nodes may installed users with renewable production producers and prosumers and will approved presenting the legal documents the installation through online form. the reward system based relation the amount energy that injected into the network the node. other words, the chances receiving the "light node" reward, increase with the amount energy that injected the grid. since the reward fixed and are talking about probabilities, over time all light nodes will receive their share proportional the energy injected. the share reward that will allocated the light nodes the reward pyloncoins (pylnc), for every block. that way, the rewards acts additional revenue for the investment, incentivizing that way investments for new renewable generation plants. full nodes: they have the role the federated nodes. they are responsible for synchronizing and storing all the information the blockchain block headers and energy data the users. the same time, they are responsible for maintaining the platform, certifying and validating all operations/transactions and for the creation new blocks. these nodes may pylon token holders (managed the pylon network team), retailers, energy cooperatives, escos, distributors and other strategic stakeholders the energy sector (hardware distributors, software companies, associations, etc.). these nodes receive the mining reward, distributed equally among them. initially, ten full nodes will created, five which will represent the token holders, obtaining percentage the total amount the reward generated through the mining operations. new actors access the platform and new full nodes are added the system, the percentage received each node will decrease accordingly. the inclusion new full node will decided voting process among all full nodes the network, the time. all full nodes will have the same voting weight and will validate the addition new full node -per-cent-plus-one majority will required). all full nodes will commit number pyloncoins which will remain blocked during the time they participate the network. pylon network token paper ... future supply and distribution pylnc. once the commercialization phase the project starts the code will compiled and the official mining pyloncoins (pylnc) will begin. shown table the total amount pyloncoins (total supply) will pylnc and will distributed over the next years. the total coins will premined the first (genesis) block pylnc. from that moment, new block will generated every seconds and with every block that validated (mined), new amount pylnc created and supplied reward for the block validation. table summary pyloncoin minery generation. the amount pyloncoins (pylnc) mined each block will vary throughout the years, according table the same table also indicates the corresponding date (year), for each reward segment. note that the determining factor this case the block number and not the indicated date. pylon network token paper table summary pyloncoin reward per block. table assume the mainnet launch date (and hence the initiation mining operations) pyloncoin january note that, already mentioned, the year reference indicative, and the reward stages will always and exclusively related the block number. this reward variation reflects the forecast growth users the platform. the beginning, fewer coins are generated and the number users increases, the creation coins will also accelerate. the first years, the reward per block will gradually increase until the total supply generated and distributed (i.e. million pylnc), means encourage the earlyand medium-term adoption from new users. following this -year period, the rate coin generation will change for the next years, with fixed reward per block. the same will happen during the last years, but with lower reward until the total supply reached (i.e. million pylnc). pylon network token paper fig.. shows the cumulative rate pylnc rewards, distributed over the years until total supply reached. once the total supply reached, the mining reward ceases exist new pylnc are generated and distributed (even though, the validation new blocks continues). pylnc distributed the total supply per year* fig.. cumulative rate pylnc rewards. fig.. shows the reward pylnc for each block, within the next years. reward pylnc per block per year* fig.. reward pylnc for each block and year. the assets and infrastructure pylon network. pylon network there are two asset, the pylon token "pylnt" and the pyloncoin "pylnc". both assets play particular role within pylon network and are related. the following sections into more detail about the "how" and "what" the two assets and pylon network token paper their relationship. ... the pylon token pylnt. started with the creation the pylon token and distributed with initial offer tokens based ethereum. the purpose the token-generation event was finance the initiation project. the capital obtained through the collective participation hundreds people helped develop various technical- and business aspects the project, validate the technology real environment towards its implementation and thus, reach the commercialization phase the pylon token pylnt digital asset that represents the participation the pylon network platform and with come the rights associated with the distributed benefits (rewards) the form pylnc. accordingly, the pylnt offers two-way benefit relation the utility pylnc within the platform and the green mining system. firstly, each token holder will receive their proportional share benefits from the nodes managed the pylon team (pylon token holder node), based the amount pylnt that they possess. secondly, each token holder will receive benefits from all payments pylnc that take place within the pylon network platform whether certify energy, pay for service other future applications that will require payment pyloncoins pylnc. these distribution processes will managed off-chain (not programmed directly within the blockchain code) and will done periodically and automatically, sending the reward pylon token holders. all details regarding the pylnc distribution (distribution dates, conditions, partnering exchanges etc.) will announced the future. the rewards from both these mechanisms will distributed the same way, shown the fig.. below: token holders, maintenance. pylon network token paper pylon token holders fig.. distribution pylnc benefits among pylon token holders. pylon token can traded through online exchanges (see our website for available exchanges) and can stored any erc--compatible wallet (example: myetherwallet). ... the pyloncoin pylnc. the pyloncoin pylnc digital currency, which created reward the work done the nodes, that validate and maintain the neutral database supported pylon network's blockchain. the same time, part the coins created goes green energy producers and prosumers (see "light nodes"), serving incentive/support mechanism for those who invest renewable energy generation technologies. pylnc has several utilities within the platform and the demand for coins will grow more users and renewable generation plants become integrated. this currency will necessary perform number operations, like: pylon network token paper certifying the creation pylon green label that will completely integrated within the guarantees origin scheme goos. creating market for the exchange digital goos with advanced green labelling mechanisms, powered our blockchain technology. this will integrate more accurate and granular information about the origin (source) energy together with other added-value infromation for each guarantee origin. for this service, payment pylnc will necessary premium service fee. federate new full nodes within pylon network. the federation every new full node will associated with deposit pylnc that will frozen during the time the actor wants participate and receive the pylnc mining reward. this way, the demand pyloncoin will related the number full nodes (energy stakeholders) that are part pylon network. payment for services within pylon network community. payments within the pylon network ecosystem could made pylnc (optional). should noted that both pylnt and pylnc are exchanged freely digital exchanges, hence their price determined the market (demand supply). ... the pylon wallet. part our efforts towards the implementation blockchain technology the energy sector focused overcoming the barriers set the complexity the technology. this factor plays important role its success and adaptation into everyday aspects our lives. taking steps into that direction, pylon network offers digital wallet for pylnc and pylnt holders, create seamless experience for the users pylon network, supporting that way all transactions with the necessary infrastructure. more information about pylnt pylnc wallet will released within the next few months. pylon network token paper building the eco-system our mvp the adaptation blockchain technology the energy sector requires demonstration real use cases which can prove challenging task for many reasons: one them the nuance the technology and the lack concrete evidence terms, both technical feasibility, well the potential benefits (not mention any regulatory challenges). another reason the conservative mindset the energy sector, unwilling take any risks that might jeopardize the security supply the cost and access energy for the consumers. this why have always been focusing demonstrating the technology necessary requirement for proving its feasibility and the first step leading its widespread implementation. achieve that creating ecosystem with energy stakeholders that are already offering added-value services consumers and that are willing cooperate for the integration innovative services under common, transparent marketplace digital services. the following sections, explain more detail, what have achieved until today, terms building the ecosystem pylon network; ecosystem innovation, cooperation and trust. demonstrated technology (pilot demo) demonstrating our technology within the real market and with real energy stakeholders. goiener our pilot partner, retailer cooperative from the basque country. the pilot project includes users from their consumers, prosumers and large generator and the development number tools that focus the interaction with their consumers and the provision digital services helps them become more competitive market players and add more value their customer propositions (e.g. green energy certification, transparent and insightful billing). design thinking for end-user engagement: through our close interaction with the cooperative ecosystem and their active, engaged end-customers have integrated their invaluable perspective and preferences into our design process for the development pylon network, ensuring favorable conditions for end-user engagement with the technology (rather than the current system that demands the consumer become energy experts for using such tools even interested energy). pylon network token paper engagement with customers and their active participation the market: has been identified numerous analyses the key for energy retailers and other energy stakeholders offer added value services their customers. blockchain code for the energy sector. demonstrated code real environment with the management users data. energy certification: offering the tool energy retailers, who wish provide their customers with valuable insight trace where their energy comes from. access data the first step energy efficiency: order for consumers reduce their consumption, they first need understand it. consumer-driven open data full transparency full privacy: the end customers are control their data and are able share with third-parties. consumer mobile application (metron app): metron mobile app (ios google play). consumer overview ("control panel"): available website version. pyloncoin blockchain explorer: available here. partners since the beginning the project, have closed agreements with different hardware and software manufacturers, well companies that fund, develop and manage renewable generation assets. that way are building ecosystem energy stakeholders, all aligned with our vision and our development/deployment strategy. more information about the collaborations with such stakeholders can found our website (see links provided the end). pylon network token paper disclaimer risk changes spanish european legislation. the tokens have been issued accordance with the spanish legislation force the date the first whitepaper (july the impact any possible judicial resolution any possible change spanish legislation administrative practices can not guaranteed after the date the first whitepaper (july and any these changes may significantly impair the price capacity the use the tokens affected these circumstances. notwithstanding the foregoing, necessary point out that, the date the first whitepaper (july although both the cnmv and the different european regulatory bodies had issued opinions and recommendations regarding the legal concept token, well potential regulation these and the initial coin offerings, when the ico was launched, national regulation specific and harmonized regulatory framework european level the tokens, its different typology, the offers initials currency (initial coin offerings), existed. the pylon team, however, has made every effort align itself with the criteria established the cnmv press release february and february the same year, "warning the risks the called "icos" https://www.cnmv.es/portal/verdoc.axd?t={ddc-fd-ab--ec} http://cnmv.es/docportal/legislacion/faq/qasfintech.pdf http://cnmv.es/docportal/fintech/criteriosicos.pdf risk illiquidity and lack representation the market. possible that trading market will not established relation the tokens the time issuance. trading market not developed not maintained, the market price and the liquidity the tokens could adversely affected. when market develops, may not highly liquid. therefore, possible that investors can not sell their tokens specific time favorable prices. risk abrupt change the valuation tokens due changes the market. the investor's tokens will initially set price euros. once the token issued, will offered markets different currencies such euro, ether, bitcoin, etc. however, once the tokens are available the market, there may large fluctuations the price for large number reasons beyond the competencies horizon energy projects s.l, among which may be: low valuation the main currency the platform used for the token, which can have "drag" effect the tokens issued it. generalized bearishness the market where the value the token can influenced this negative market sentiment, even the company and the project evolve fulfilling objectives. risk loss tokens its owner third party there are variety circumstances that can cause the total partial loss the tokens once they are handed over their owner and over which pylon has control, the following list being not exhaustive: -the mistake the owner the tokens when supplying pylon with shipping address, resulting that they are sent address that the owner can not access. -the loss private keys and seed and password and electronic device that gives access tokens its owner -the use hosting custody service (including exchange) the owner that not trustworthy, does not work properly, stolen represents scam structure itself and does not return the tokens its owner once claims them. pylon network token paper references internal references (pylon network) website: https://pylon-network.org/ github: https://github.com/klenergy/pyloncoin demo access: https://demo.pylon-network.org/angular/ pylon blockchain explorer: https://chain.pylon-network.org/ blog: https://pylon-network.org/blog app: (ios) https://itunes.apple.com/es/app/metron-pylon-network/id?mt= (android) https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=io.ionic.metrondapp pylon network channels: twitter: https://twitter.com/pylon_network linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/company/pylonnetwork facebook: https://www.facebook.com/klenergytechofficial/ medium: https://medium.com/@pylonnetwork telegram: (eng) https://t.me/pylonnetworkofficialtelegram (spa) https://t.me/pylonnetworkspanishchannel pylon network token paper