whitepaper background blockchain technology and smart contracts are growing rapidly, driving the future finance systems. the disruptive technology allowing complete market sectors replaced anywhere anytime lines code. trustless trust and decentralised government central authorities are now being driven blockchain. there are currently thousands cryptocurrencies the market, although those worth investing are far fewer. one the major risks inhibiting investments frequent huge fluctuations price and lack physical industrial backing. introduction qchi (q-chi) can broken down mean quantum essence life, attempting harness the disruptive blockchain technology power the marketing, health and gaming industry. providing sustainable chain/supply while bringing future financial opportunities and increase value its participants. qchi collaborating with computer technology, health, tourism and marketing based companies bring crypto/blockchain technology the industry. the cooperation aimed providing qchi solid and stable backing achieve promising future. goals qchi designed for peer peer transactions aimed computer, gaming, health and tourism capital market. enables easy asset transfer based blockchain. qchi aims achieve robust economic model with world class exchange platform, and economically sustainable ecosystem which would top its class the these industry. specification name: qchi symbol: qch decimals: platform: ethereum standard: erc total supply: qch million) initial supply: qch million) distribution: community, bonuses, gaming... keep the stability the value qchi, only limited amount qch would open for trade initially. further release qch token the market would come through purchases, games, membership bonuses and for help through community support. distribution/mining all qch has been pre-mined upfront and distributed the following ratio. qch founders development team qirui technology co.ltd quantilake enterprises marketing bonus community the community share and marketing bonuses are available the public through purchases and airdrops, bounty for services rendered for the success the project. purchase/transfer qch qchi can obtained the qchi exchange platform. future addition major cryptocurrency exchange websites planned. transfer qch your wallet requires the consumption gas the ethereum network. the cost transfer subject the rate eth and speed the network. wallet storage qchi qchi can stored any wallet that supports erc token. below partial list wallets that can store qch and are available iphone, android and web based: trustwallet app token.im coinomi wallet enjin wallet myethereumwallet metamask ... personalised qchi wallet currently under development. qchi(qch) contract address can found xbfcefaffcccadeae roadmap plan and design qchi qchi creation and blockchain deployment may, collaboration with industrial partners exchange, and decentralised website jun, technical paper and educational materials for wallet and crypto currencies jul, jul, listing major/top exchange sites aug, personalised token wallet top exchange sites development sep, oct, coin marketing new investment opportunities business partner nov, dec, partnership with merchants collaborating partners qchi technology ltd qirui technology co. ltd quantilake enterprises more come...