ept ember notice: this whitepaper not solicitation invest. qntu has not been sold quanta and there will not initial token offering. tokens are distributed based loyalty scheme determined quanta. the tokens are tradable they consist erc ethereum token. quanta does not make any representation whatsoever about the future price worth the qntu token. you purchase the token the secondary market your own risk. learn more about the risks purchasing tokens please read here warning from fca. furthermore not make any representation whether the qntu token not security. according the laws the isle man from which the qntu token issued the token not defined security. you are responsible for ensuring that you are legally entitled purchase the token from third party and that such doing does not breach any local law your jurisdiction otherwise. you resell qntu token you are responsible for ensuring that the buyer aware the qntu token terms and that they have agreed the same. please note: quanta not selling qntu tokens under any circumstances you purchase token can only from third party part quanta loyalty scheme. table contents notice executive summary unit introduction the case for lottery decentralization random number generation ticket sales budgeting prize distribution compliance with government regulations and cultural norms world first unit the lottery the port entry: the wallet the quanta core: randao lottery ticket sales revenue distribution the prize pool unit the quanta token system introduction the token system the quanta utility token (qntu) qntu facilitator honest community participation token concept membership values issuance and token allocation qntu and lottery players qntu reward and entry point for bounty participants the quanta royalty token (qntr) the royalty smart contract token registration token allocation unit the quanta organization quanta's structure: approaching decentralization team advisors roadmap appendices appendix technical description the randao protocol part the basic randao step step step anti-manipulation rules part the quanta randao appendix game rules executive summary the establishment blockchain-based gaming alternatives has been recognized possibility for nearly decade already. few decentralized gaming projects, however, have truly taken into account the implications government regulation. everyday, innovative projects are being shuttered regulators, largely due their founders' hubris with regards the law. the quanta lottery, founded experts both 'fintech' and 'regtech,' the first decentralized gaming organization that succeeds combining advanced decentralization techniques such smart-contract powered random number generation (rng) with business practices that are compliant with government regulation. quanta's primary technical innovation lies the manner which lottery winners will selected the ethereum-powered rng protocol referred 'randao.' this randao feature has been thoroughly tested nmi, and has received remote gaming operator's license the isle man. this makes quanta the first legally operating blockchain lottery anywhere the world. expected that quanta will solve many issues currently faced within the lottery industry worldwide. platform, quanta will form the basis entire ecosystem, with the lottery its core. system cryptotokens will enable secure interactions and transactions between quanta participants, including advertisers (affiliates), white label licensees, randao participants, players, and other community members. terms vision, quanta's goal provide universal access fair lottery services, whether this for entertainment purposes for charity. this document intended elaborate this vision, and make readers aware the true humanitarian potential for the lottery. unit introduction according the merriam-webster dictionary, lottery can defined drawing lots which prizes are distributed the winners among persons buying chance." whether not lottery can described form gambling for debate, but the fact that type business indisputable, run private, public, decentralized organization. business, the lottery composed number key processes: random number generation (rng): the vast majority cases, lottery winners are selected matching the number their ticket with another number, randomly generated the lottery organization using some kind software. ticket sales: the means which lottery tickets are advertised and sold. budgeting: the determination the size the prize pool and the amount funds directed back the lottery organization prize delivery: the determination the size the prizes and the means which they are delivered winners. compliance with regulation well local cultural practices the region the lottery's operation. the case for lottery decentralization the forthcoming subunit, will argued that each and every one these processes can benefitted decentralization, through blockchain integration other methods. random number generation since the advent the large-scale lottery, many techniques have been invented determine the winner the most fair way possible. the first significant attempt rng with computational device for lottery purposes was made the government the late and since that time protocols for this purpose have consistently grown more sophisticated. while rng its own effective means which ensure fair winner selection, its implementation centralized organizations has not proven itself invulnerable manipulation. for example, former employee the multi-state lottery association managed install software that manipulated the random number generator. the perpetrator managed win million jackpot. carrying out rng protocols distributed ledger, the entire process can made visible network participants. with integration blockchain technology, inherent transparency can absolutely eliminate manipulation. ticket sales five years ago, the size the online lottery market was already estimated have total revenue billion. the industry grows, more and more online advertising being carried out selling tickets for these lotteries. the number genuine ads, the number scams grow well and this big problem. usually carried out "advance-fee fraud," notable examples lottery scams include the gordo sweepstake, the national lottery scam, and the australian lotto inc scam. integrating blockchain technology into the lottery, two key things can accomplished terms the sale tickets: first, potential players will able determine lottery tickets are genuine looking the smart contract code and examining the transactions. second, advertising using decentralized system affiliate advertising, the lottery can keep advertisements for their tickets under their control. the event that affiliate carries out practice that may defraud the ticket purchaser, the decentralized lottery can banish the affiliate from its platform and eliminate the possibility for them earn advertising the lottery ever again. budgeting the lottery institution has been well-recognized potential means which distribute charity least direct money good cause while providing exciting form entertainment for the common man. the united states, for example, usually the case that lottery revenue directed public schools. forever exists the worry, however, that funds that are meant good cause fail actually there. when all the transactions that lottery organization carries out are recorded the blockchain, the community can keep track how closely management holds its budgeting promises. prize distribution traditional lotteries only around revenue returned players prizes. taxes generally take revenue, while generally goes back the managing organization cover operational costs and saved capital. with blockchain integration, most business processes can automated, thereby reducing costs. this way, the prize pool can expanded, and greater percentage total revenue can directed towards charitable causes. compliance with government regulations and cultural norms decentralized organizational structure can truly enable success for transnational lottery platform. with decentralized management, experts legal compliance from regions all over the world can installed consultants help the lottery get accepted local governments. long list countries are not adverse online lotteries, but just require said lotteries obtain official permission operate. local participants the decentralized organization can help obtain this permission. additionally, local consultants can help adjust the platform local cultural norms, and even the language. the way various cultures conceive lotteries varies drastically around the world, and essential enlist the help locals every market. decentralized management provides means which recruit and reward these locals members the community. www.gbgc.com/publications/global-gambling-report/ www.scamwatch.gov.au/types-of-scams/unexpected-winnings/unexpected-prize-lottery-scams www.money.cnn.com////news/powerball-education/index.html world first having already been found compliant with gaming regulation the isle man, quanta has become the world's first legally operating blockchain lottery. decentralized organization built both generate revenue and contribute charitable pursuits, quanta has set the following objectives for itself: develop fully automatized and decentralized solution rng manipulation fully decentralize the ticket selling process using smart contracts and unique system purposeful affiliate marketing. set prize pool starting revenue, and work increase the long run. build global community experts, well regular people, dedicated making quanta viable and legally compliant business everywhere the world. www.quantaplc.im/wp-content/uploads///pdf.pdf unit the lottery the port entry: the wallet the port entry for the quanta lottery the secure cryptocurrency wallet, which will enable users participate the platform various ways. randao participation (winner selection) lottery participation ticket purchase receive affiliate rewards cryptocurrency exchange (long-term) the quanta wallet will released for download ios, android, windows, and mac. the quanta core: randao the core process any lottery the means which winners are selected. the randao random number generation protocol has been developed decentralize this process. randao type decentralized autonomous organization (dao) that makes use community participation generate random numbers. the randao governed smart contract that outlines participation rules. protocol, randao comprises three stages that are automated using smart contract code. community participation enabled the following quanta software products: quanta kyc webportal: potential participants must provide the necessary information achieve kyc level randao admin webportal: user interface utilized administration personnel, elected the quanta plc administer the randao protocol. quanta game wallet: user interface utilized community members, wishing participate the randao protocol. operation manager tool: user interface utilized quanta personnel, elected the quanta plc reward community members, participating the randao protocol. randao three stage protocol that can also described five step process for the various participants. step preparation members the community (randao players), reach kyc level and make small eth token, while quanta administrators deposit reward payout tokens escrow wallet held third party organization. step randao initiation the lottery manager and operator each initialize the randao protocol using the admin webportal the process starts only with the input both participants. step stage the commit stage randao community participants have their kyc level checked and deposit verified. when the minimum number players for randao have entered the "game," the next phase initiated. not, the entire protocol restarted and deposits are returned game wallets. step stage the reveal stage the deposits made community participants create hashing numbers which will henceforth referred the "reveal number." the operator manager also submits reveal number. together these numbers are processed create final number, which can used calculate the lottery prize. step stage the end stage the final number sent all wallets that had participated the randao protocol. the lottery manager sends rewards community participants' game wallets using the operation manager tool. note: randao participants the quanta platform will have had make pledge qntu tokens prior participating the protocol. see section for more information. for technical description the randao protocol, see appendix lottery ticket sales decentralized affiliate marketing the vast majority new quanta lottery players will referred the platform via affiliate marketing. affiliates will earn rewards for every ticket sale that results from player following referral link. affiliate payouts will automated using smart contract code. see appendix section for more details. revenue distribution preliminary sketch how ticket revenue will divided follows: prize pool: will paid out lottery winners (prize pool) ticket sale smart contract commissions: royalty payments qntr token holders: quanta's operational costs: the team has set the following two long-term goals terms ticket revenue distribution: revenue going towards the prize pool. operational costs taking less than revenue additional notes: ethereum gas costs are estimated case case basis. exact rates for ticket sale commissions and royalty payments are subject change. the intention automate the revenue distribution process much possible. see appendix section for more details. the prize pool the quanta lottery will will have five prize tiers: jackpot winner) prize pool prize winners) prize pool each prize winners) prize pool each prize winners) prize pool each prize tickets sold prize pool dollars divided times the round's ticket price eth. for technical description how winners are divided into tiers, see appendix "game rules." upon winning, winners are notified automatically. prizes, however, must manually claimed. the event that prize left unclaimed for days will donated charitable organization the quanta plc's choice. this process will automated using smart contract. see appendix section for more details. unit the quanta token system introduction the token system the quanta lottery supported token economy. the lottery and the token system are two separate entities that supplement one another. the quanta token system includes two blockchain-emitted assets: qntu the utility token the quanta ecosystem that the various participants will able "put up" pledge. qntu forms the basis internal economy that ensures the security the network. qntr tokens provide token holders with the right access royalties from the quanta lottery system. neither tokens are connected any which way. they exist with separate purposes mind. the quanta utility token (qntu) qntu facilitator honest community participation was described unit quanta aims decentralize all aspects the lottery. community participation essential for the following processes the quanta's decentralized lottery: ethereum gas costs are estimated case case basis. exact rates for ticket sale commissions and royalty payments are subject change. while registry the distributed ledger will make these processes transparent, does not provide full security for the system. for this reason that the quanta team has developed the qntu token. the qntu token will not available for direct sale. token concept the qntu token functions pledge that community members must "put up" before they may begin participation. the event that the participant breaches the terms use laid out quanta, the pledge made qntu forfeited the quanta plc. community participants required make qntu pledge order participate: randao players: the qntu pledge deposited prior the kyc procedure. affiliate marketers: the qntu pledge raises the affiliate marketer level above that bounty participant. the qntu pledge means the affiliate marketer will receive commission the currency used the lottery (eth). non-community participants required make qntu pledge order participate: white label licensees: the qntu pledge mechanism which whitelabel businesses can kept check. the terms use are breached and the pledge lost the white label licensee, that lottery business can longer function. experts and consultants: the qntu pledge ensures that regional legal, business, and advertising experts devote themselves compliance with local laws, well honest practices general. membership values all qntu pledge "values" will expressed usd. expect large amount the supply any given time pledged and held smart-contracts. issuance and token allocation qntu issued the quanta plc erc- ethereum based token, and unlike many new utility tokens, will not distributed during token sale. instead, there will token generation event, during which tokens will distributed the following manner: billion qntu tokens issued. distribution will the following manner: early distribution program: lottery mining system. when user purchases lottery ticket from quanta technology then the user 'mines' qntu from this allocation. mining distribution expected take place over the months february, march and april token distribution person major industry events and conferences over the months february, march and april for quanta members quanta membership programme account (supporter members/ affiliate members/ community members/ player members). distribution these tokens members based loyalty and rewards mechanisms only. quanta membership account not part the market circulation the token; the tokens are earned based the actions the members quanta plc allocation (locked token account. locked for months) quanta plc allocation unlocked tokens. balance unlocked tokens quanta plc exceeds tokens circulation market then the excess will transferred locked balance account quanta plc airdrop early supporters quanta project qntu and lottery players player the quanta lottery does not need pledge qntu order play. they may however eligible for the quanta player loyalty scheme, where players receive 'cashback' qntu. this loyalty scheme will provided player members from time time. qntu reward and entry point for bounty participants bounty participants are not excluded from the quanta platform. they can work affiliates, advertising the sale lottery tickets, exchange for qntu reward. eventually, bounty participants can earn enough qntu make token pledge and become affiliates, thereby becoming able earn cryptocurrency commissions. the purpose this reward system for bounty participants encourage highly motivated advertisement lottery tickets, while staying within the bounds the quanta terms use. the quanta royalty token (qntr) the quanta royalty token serves different purpose than the utility token. qntr tokens will sold during various token sales, with the intention raising the funds necessary expand the lottery new jurisdictions. the royalty smart contract the lottery pool received quanta technology limited will distributed qntr holders royalties. this will done automatically via smart contract. token registration qntr erc-/ kyc token. this means that the token can only transferred from verified users. verified users have verified the quanta plc (quanta plc the process transferring administration the quanta protocol the quanta plc over the course the quanta wallet will serve port entry for this kyc procedure. billion tokens currently distributed: distributed early supporters (already distributed) quanta plc locked and held quanta plc: (locked for months) (locked for months) (long-term lock) *however supply market circulation more than then quanta plc transfer locked balance. note: qntr not classified the country issuance security. however outside most likely will considered security and, result, users may not able access qnt-r restricted law their jurisdiction. unit the quanta organization quanta's structure: approaching decentralization the organizational structure the quanta ecosystem aims decentralization. currently, the structure manifests itself the following way: quanta plc acts the holding company the current moment. outstanding tokens will relegated this company during the initial phases quanta setup and operation. quanta technology organization that held quanta plc. this organization runs the lottery and issues both qntr and qntu tokens. preparations are underway transfer ownership both tokens' smart contracts the quanta plc which currently the process being set up. team steven ormond-smith chief financial officer steven fellow member association chartered certified accountants (fcca) and the founder and managing director ormco plc company providing accounting, corporate structuring and outsourcing services. steven has over years' experience, with extensive experience fiduciary services, fund administration and fund accounting. before founding ormco, steven was senior fund accountant for years, managing the finance function for number companies listed the london stock exchange. has also worked for two the big four accounting firms. steven experienced director, and currently non-executive several companies. lee hills chief operating officer lee founder solutionshub, company that develops start-ups for small and medium-sized enterprises and offers business consulting, planning, and strategy support services. since has successfully provided consultations and multi-jurisdictional licensing services for egaming companies while being key advisor dozens licensed and non-licensed gaming companies globally. was instrumental obtaining licenses for number unprecedented business models and the first ever sub-license. subsequently, lee has widened the scope his technological expertise into the blockchain and fintech sectors. advisors harmen brenninkmeijer advisor harmen brenninkmeijer (advisor) founded dynamic partners together with several international gaming industry veterans was strategic markets for inspired gaming group (ingg); founder and ceo octavian global technologies, usd $mm casino technology supplier with over networked electronic gaming machines and operations countries. before founding octavian, harmen partnered with the gauselman group establish avalon casino management, which developed, owned and operated the grand casino hungary, magic casino northern cyprus and the playboy casino the island rhodes. roadmap start quanta project publication quanta white paper release quanta wallet start quanta's closed beta q/q testing start quanta's open beta testing release quanta v.; start quanta affiliate release white label solution and betting service solution appendices appendix technical description the randao protocol part this appendix discusses what randao and how functions general terms. part gives brief overview the particularities quanta's randao. part the basic randao randao type dao, 'decentralized autonomous organization.' the participation randao dependent the creation smart contract, which the rules the 'game' and encoded. the purpose the randao the random dao generate random number such way that excludes internal and external manipulation. step begin the process generating random number, the user needs send transaction contract with pledge eth within limited timeframe. this sent with the result sha(s), the being the secret number generated the walet. step when this complete, and provided the sha(s) has been submitted and accepted, then the next step send the number 's' contract contract will verify that fact valid number running with sha and contrasting the new result with the already sent data. step provided accepted, will used seed the random number generation process. once all secret numbers have been submitted, collected, and verified, contract will generate random number using the function f(s,s,...,sn). the output the function will written contract and all other contracts that had requested the random number will receive this output well. following this, contract will send back the pledge the participant, dividing any profit equally bonus for each participant. this profit generated fees paid other contracts that utilize the generated random number. anti-manipulation rules the random number generator incorporates several rules that are designed make sure operates efficiently and avoids potential manipulation. these rules are. multiple sha(s)s are submitted once, the first one received the only one accepted. there minimum number participants, this number not reached within the limited period time, the random number will not generated. sha(s) sent and accepted the contract, will revealed step cannot remain hidden. should the user fail reveal during step the process, his eth sent step will surrendered and recompensation will provided. further one more not revealed step the random number generation will fail. all confiscated eth will split equally among other participants who did reveal their step the fees paid other contracts will returned. the random number generation cycle short and cycles per hour are easily possible. one cycle returns profit rate .%, monthly profit could estimated (profit rate per cycle, hourly cycles, hours, days). resulting monthly return .%. using this monthly return can calculate the costs. current gas price szabo. contract consumption estimation gas. estimate net income therefore: rp/ eth. the rng has participants with pledge eth, the minimum income would over eth. there is, therefore, only single rng request with service price eth. should requested times, the prime remains the same eth for each. part the quanta randao randaos, with other smart contract protocols, are not impervious manipulation and other security concerns. for this reason that the quanta randao has implemented the following requirements and procedures: kyc verification condition randao participation (appendix qntu token pledge condition randao participation (unit .). two-sided structure (quanta's unique protocol outlined unit .): inclusion the lottery administration participant reduces the chance that some external group can collaborate drive particular number through the randao system. appendix game rules our services randaos, with other smart contract protocols, are not impervious manipulation and other security concerns. for this reason that the quanta randao has implemented the following requirements and procedures: years old the minimum age for gambling the country where you are located, whichever the greater; register your ethereum wallet address that you will use send ether order buy lottery ticket (sending address). once you registered, you can not change the following information: full name, email, display name, date birth and ethereum address the account profile (profile). ether the name the currency used within ethereum blockchain network. will hereafter use eth for ether this document. account profile (profile) order verify the account profile (profile), you need through further verification process 'kyc which you provide: colored scan your official identification document photo yourself holding the official identification document picture your proof current address (such credit card statement, bank statement). must original english (has issued within last three months). once sending the above document verified qtl, you cannot change any information your profile. you have passed kyc then you will informed. your account you are only entitled open one account with qtl (your account). duplicate accounts constitutes breach these terms. you warrant that the details you provide relation your account relate you, are accurate and date. you warrant that you: control and are the legal and genuine owner any eth you send and any ethereum address you register with us; that the funds are not derived from any illegal source. will take all measures our disposal and provided the law, including but not limited cooperating with investigatory bodies, identify any breaches you these warranties. case breach our terms, ban your account and/or even loss eth you have spent for tickets and/or restriction service access including tickets history will applied. using the services each draw runs sequentially. not run multiple lotteries parallel. you will able see the current lottery the sites (current lottery). all lottery tickets are priced eth and the payment only received eth. the price each lottery ticket set eth equivalent usd. the time each lottery draw's start. you will see code that contains our lottery ticket public selling address (selling address). you use the code, the ticket price will shown usd. please pay into the selling address order number lottery tickets (lottery order). there maximum tickets that can purchased with one lottery order. any overpayments for tickets will refunded. valid lottery order only made when the selling address has received cleared funds which for now confirmations the ethereum network. accept your lottery order you will see your ticket numbers for each ticket that you have purchased (ticket number) the account profile (profile). the ticket number randomly allocated you. you not choose your own ticket number. through the profile interface you will see all the tickets you have purchased during the current lottery and previous lotteries. selling period there minimum threshold tickets for each lottery that must met (minimum threshold). once the minimum threshold has been met then the lottery will commence: for days and then expire will expire when the number tickets sold reaches the maximum threshold tickets (the expiry time). prize pool the current lottery prize pool displayed our sites. for convenience display this dollars but held eth. the dollar value the lottery pool may fluctuate based exchange rate changes between dollars and eth which will set, and will final. from the final number the lottery system will determine the allocation the prize pool the winning ticket numbers. ticket sales the tickets sold represents the prize pool (prize pool). ticket sales the prize pool the jackpot. the jackpot only available the last digit the final number one '', '', ''. due hexadecimal nature the final number that makes chance possible outcomes out from the jackpot occurring each lottery draw. there jackpot winner, jackpot prize pool paid the winner, added the next jackpot prize pool. not available then the jackpot will roll-over the next jackpot prize pool. jackpot transfer rule: the jackpot will rollover (four) times. jackpot does not occur within consecutive draw, then must occur the following draw the draw the lottery. other prizes the prize pool for the prize which there are potential winning ticket numbers the prize pool for the prize which there are potential winning ticket numbers the prize pool for the prize which there are potential winning ticket numbers the prize pool for the prize which based the number tickets the prize (is fixed formula) ticket price the current draw (in eth) total prize winning ticket numbers (q*) prize pool (th) prize randao process (rng) all participants' random reveal number(s), plus operator's reveal number and operation manager's reveal number (operatorreveal) are collected generate randao final number (see randao process diagram). combine all reveal numbers generate randao final number using xor operator 'bitwise exclusive or' operator (see more solidity documentation: http://solidity.readthedocs.io/en/develop/types.html)c.random c.operatorreveal; winning tickets selection randao produces randao final number after randao process completed. all winning tickets are selected using this randao final number. select winning tickets, the lottery smart contract uses mod operation and sha below: mod modulo operation that always produces single result. sha cryptographic hash function that converts any large number into consistent bits one that thus suited for matching ticket numbersfinal number sha( randao final number the formula for deciding the jackpot winning ticket below: the last digit the final number which was produced "sha randao final number" '', '', '', there jackpot prize this draw lottery.jackpot ticket number final number mod number tickets sold. the formula for deciding the winning tickets "st prize" below: whether there jackpot prize not the draw, the lottery contract always uses the formula below calculate final number final number sha( final number "st prize ticket number" final number mod number tickets sold the "st prize ticket number" identical "jackpot ticket number", the "st prize ticket number" determined repeating the calculation formula below until getting unique "st prize ticket number" "final number =sha( final number prize ticket number final number mod number tickets sold the formula for deciding the winning tickets prize prize the same formula for deciding prize:" final number (i) =(sha( previous final number ))"the next prize ticket number" final number (i) mod number tickets sold the "the next prize ticket number" identical any "previous winning ticket number", the "the next prize ticket number" determined repeating the calculation formula below until getting unique winning ticket number. final number (i+) (sha( final number (i) the next prize ticket number final number (i+) mod number tickets sold official results the official results the lottery are published the ethereum blockchain and the sites. you agree that those results are final. once the results are public our sites, consider that date the announcement date payment prizes you have won prize then you will notified via the profile. you must make claim order receive the prize. any delay your part may result expiration the prize (which days from the announcement date). once you make claim request, all winnings that point will processed simultaneously. your claimed prize plus the total eth you have claimed the current month has the value usd. less you have already completed kyc level your claim will reviewed and approved qtl. after approval has been received your prize will transferred your winning eth address immediately. email will sent you order confirm your user details prior the payment being made the prize more than usd. (two hundred u.s. dollars), then you will need through additional verification 'kyc' before can pay the prize you. this will involve you signing into your account and uploading photo your official identification document, photo you with the identification document and picture your proof current address (has within last three months). you have already passed kyc, then you will informed. once you have passed kyc, you will receive the prize due you once you have clicked the 'claim winnings' box your user profile. you not pass kyc within the period days from the announcement date then those prizes will forfeited and passed donation pool. details you warrant that the details you provide are accurate. you are responsible for keeping your details date. you failed pass our kyc procedures requested may result the blocking your account and not being able claim the prize. you provide details but are unable accept you user the website for any reason, will notify you this. this situation you acknowledge and agree that may retain your details for reasonable period time case circumstances change and are subsequently able create account for you. only pay prizes the ethereum address you registered with us. will not liable for paying the prize your registered account you longer has access that account. typing errors take responsibility for typing errors your part submitting lottery order. please note that ethereum transactions are irreversible. technology order participate the qtl lottery you need have ethereum wallet. you are responsible for the management your wallet and the private keys for your wallet. sending address register your sending address our system. you send eth selling address from non-registered account will refund those funds and you will not able purchase ticket. self-exclusion qtl believes responsible gambling. see our page how self-exclude self-limit. you self-exclude and try pay for ticket your account will suspended and funds will returned. transaction costs not pay for transaction costs making refunds. all refunds are minus the transactions fees incurred making the payment.