empowering people financially distributing decentralized value. quasar coin www.quasarcoin.org white paper contents quasar white paper summary technology introduction quasar coin fairness quasar card fair travel various api quasar platform smart wallet quasar special feature immediate exchange roadmap quasar coin qac pricing exchange listed target reservation system reputation system marketing business business summary business strategy business vision group qac sale foundation qac distribution group future pre-ico information distribution ico information ico plan qac split sales fund contact summary outline introduction www.quasarcoin.org bitcoin, innovative currency developed nakamoto satoshi ethereum, decentralized platform that runs smart contracts developed vitaly buterin, are just the two examples more than thousand cryptocurrencies that are developed and traded worldwide. however, true that the original cryptocurrency lacks the most important function, the real-life transaction ability. due the characteristics the block-chain such delayed settlement due consultation time, the variability the value each coin real time well the difference exchange, these are some the barriers the activation cryptocurrency real transactions. also the case that most new coins concentrate solely technological advances, are designed for trading purposes coin exchanges, one coin aimed multiple uses too much that fails achieve one objective well. the quasar project team focused the realization the cryptocurrency that actively used the real world, the development apis related the payment system that enables users easily and conveniently make payment, while they enjoy the journey that people like and enjoy. "travel makes people feel excited, but also makes them afraid unknown and unfairness strange place!" quasar aims realize fair travel ecosystem platform that allows people travel comfortably and happily around the world through block-chain based encryption. summary outline fairness www.quasarcoin.org "fairness" means equal and justice general, and refers the fair distribution service and wealth group society. "fair trade" trade that makes benefits equal between countries where international trade takes place, the past, developed countries have exploited the developing countries' labor force and natural resources with unfair treatment, "fair trade" new social movement encouraging new trade culture. this respect, the significance "fair trade" means that possible provide trade favorable terms producers who are alienated based the trust between producers and consumers, guarantee their rights. this also called 'alternative trade'. the basic principles "fair trade" are follows. first, the buyer guarantees the producer minimum purchase price, pays fair price agreed through dialogue and participation, prepay before harvest production assist production financing. addition, will able take advantage the profits reducing the circulation process direct dealings with the producer groups, and protect the production environment through long-term contracts rather than short-term contracts. and establish community development funds help producers and workers' communities realize their social benefits. second, the producers shall abolish discrimination related race, nationality, religion, age gender, and abide the principle equal pay for equal work. respect the rights children, provide safe and healthy working environment, and strive protect the environment. summary outline what fair travel? www.quasarcoin.org "fair travel" also referred 'good travel' concept derived from fair trade, which producers and consumers form comparable relationship. has been promoted european and other english-speaking countries since the reflect the environmental pollution, destruction civilization and waste caused the trips, and give little help the residents difficult countries. the tourism industry grows every year worldwide, but most the profits gained from tourism multinational corporations belonging countries. therefore, possible use local inns and restaurants through "fair travel", including the purchase locally produced goods. quasar aims for 'fair travel ecosystem platform' using the characteristics block-chain such said that direct transactions the global environment without the intervention third parties, transparency through the open distribution ledger, redistribution wealth through decentralization, and trust based transactions. want build platform which travelers, hotels, restaurants and stores around the world can mutually satisfy each other through fair trade. technically, have built advanced reputation system based block chain, simple payment system the form credit card, various apis, instant transaction system minimize the variability cryptocurrency, business, provides discounts through discounted quasar cards and eliminates anxiety factors using proven companies, and provides companies with promotional effects and sales increase within the quasar platform. summary quasar platform outline www.quasarcoin.org discount purchase traveler users immediate exchange -lodgment -food -intercourse -shopping value stability quasarcard (minimization volatility) immediately exchange travelers buy quasar cards reduced rates search reviews buy travelers select company through reputation system, make reputation system marketplace mall sell reservation purchase, etc. the traveler pays quasar not reservation purchase the firm holds the quasars for which payment has been made, sells them immediately the exchange block chain based summary outline quasar special feature coin specializing fair travel www.quasarcoin.org easy payment method card type and various payment related apis travelers can purchase quasar coin card reduced rate provide familiar payment methods the form credit cards travelers select stable company through highly reputable system provides various payment related api such mobile card, code, eliminate the anxiety about unfairness strange place local businesses can promote people around the world through reputation system paper wallet mobile wallet provides inbound, outbound, transaction history well vendor search and reputation local businesses increase sales through publicity the quasar platform local businesses will benefit from direct deals without intermediaries local businesses will reduce their payment fees against credit card payments provide cooperative system based coin-related block chain technology provide reputation system for travelers block-chain basis provide reservation system smart contract technology provides block-chain based services for quasar platforms such shopping malls immediate exchange ease concerns about price volatility immediately sell real-time through exchanges operated quasar foundation eliminate the price volatility cryptocurrency coin price stable and easy use real transactions business business summary www.quasarcoin.org order become successful currency that can used real commercial transactions out the coin exchange, necessary overcome these two obstacles, namely the related infrastructure system for common use besides the encrypted money self system, advantageous concentrate one category rather than multiple uses order enter the market steadily. quasar coin minimizes settlement time within minute block time, the case small-amount settlement trust, transaction processing performed based transaction, not block basis. the volatility resolved through the exchange immediately after the buyer can sell the stock the time settlement. addition, provide credit card payment method and various apis for easy settlement. have built reputation system and e-commerce system using block chain technology well cryptocurrency, (hotels, restaurants, transportation, shopping) provide platform for ecosystems that mutually benefit through direct transactions without third party involvement. the stable platforms these quasars, travelers can enjoy the affluent 'fair travel' with the benefit the quasars, and the travel companies can achieve the ultimate business purpose promoting the effects, sales, and profits with the quasar policy and system place. business strategy business www.quasarcoin.org platform "stable ecological environment! eliminate obstacles common use construction related infrastructure system easy and convenient api and interface partners traveler "need have quasar! want quasar store! economic profit through discount psychological stability through proven companies reduced expenses because exchange required satisfaction through 'fair travel' promotional effect globally increase sales increasing sales opportunities increase profits with direct deals reduced billing fees business business vision www.quasarcoin.org step travel dangye: :fair gongjeongyeohaeng step medical travel dangye yiryoyeohaeng quasar coin step business travel dangye saeobyeohaeng quasar aims "business travel" that requires personalized information based broad knowledge, which starts with 'fair travel' accumulate professional and advanced information, moving "medical travel" that requires knowledge specific fields and extensive information. technology www.quasarcoin.org quasar coin summary specifications quasar coin has adopted the bit coin platform, which has been proven safe the first cryptocurrency, and applied light coin reduce block time for quick settlement daily transactions. addition, for smooth block mining, solves the difficulty-bomb problem which intentionally raises difficulty make difficult mine. since the development the quasar coin has already been completed, the project team has focused the development the related infrastructure system order activate the transaction the cryptocurrency. list coin name unit contents quasar qac total issue volume initial mining volume mining method pow algorithm scrypt block time within seconds mining reward mining term related services qac years explorer, mobile wallet, mining pool, website quasar coin quasar card technology www.quasarcoin.org quasar coin quasar cards are the easiest payment method for users who are familiar with using credit cards when paying quasar coin, and can paid various card terminal nfc receiver methods such code, chip and nfc scanner according the status the receiving terminal the company. card terminal public key nfc receiver scanner hash code transaction process combining the unique hash codes given the block chain system when issuing the card based the public key, illegal settlement prevented that can only used with the public key technology various api kinds www.quasarcoin.org contents plastic card plastic cards for users who are familiar with credit cards virtual card virtual cards available within your smartphone paper wallet payment api with paper wallet printed paper code payment api using code scanner pos payment apis that work with pos systems sns the api that works with paypal, wechat money mobile coupon gift card payment api with mobile coupon payment api with gift card nfc payment api with nfc atm api for withdrawal using atm device download smart wallet technology search travel companies send coin send receive coin receive general, mobile wallet offers three basic functions, sending search repute www.quasarcoin.org coins, receiving coins and view your company's reputation and write reviews transaction records. quasar's smart wallet can provide search for businesses, view reputation, view transaction history lookup booking reservation payment function write reviews, reserve pay when needed advanced for smart wallet. download the wallet wallet installation google playstore -input "quasar wallet" search.. install within the cryptocurrency industry quasar well established and respected brand with mature ecosystem and progress driven dedicated foundation team. the rate growth since launch and the potential continue this trend shows quasar only heading one direction. technology immediate exchange www.quasarcoin.org addition the price fluctuation the real time the coin exchange, the cryptocurrency may have difference transaction amount for each exchange. the case business that has received payment coin general commercial transactions, there may situation where the coin not paid because the economic loss the price drops the time converting the coin into cash. therefore, order distribute coins smoothly, necessary guarantee the value the point settlement company receiving settlement coin. some white papers say that can guaranteed the forces that think the value coins will rise order prevent decline value, and they will maintain the present value with future values. this way, can consider the futures market coins, but also takes certain period time settle down, which problematic securing the value the point the transaction. order overcome these problems and guarantee the value the time the transaction, the concept "immediate trading" must introduced. when selling company immediately puts sell order, not easy. the quasar will have the cash sell the discounted quasar card the traveler, using the cash, the quasar foundation will become buyer and open immediate exchange, and provide environment which the business operator can securely receive quasar coin. course, since the transactions the immediate exchange are available only for the exclusive use the business, the selling possible only for coins paid for commerce. technology reservation system www.quasarcoin.org the case overseas trips, necessary make reservations regarding accommodation, food, transportation, etc. order make the planned budget and schedule management. however, the problems that can often arise between travelers and related businesses are follows. the first proof the correct booking the reservation and mutual verification. you have not made intention between traveler and business operator, but you have made mistake making booking reservation, time, place reservation with one the mutual mistakes, this can nuisance. moreover, may more embarrassing because outside korea. such situation, more one side does not acknowledge mistake and makes deterrent. secondly, transmission reservation fee problem. order pay the deposits foreign operators, necessary pay internationally accepted credit card remit overseas. fortunately, you have international credit card this can done easily but with manual transfers there are various problems such manual process and confirming whether the remittance has been done properly. third, matter disposal either party has not fulfilled the contract. induces conflict qac media management technology the issue refund compensation. quasar tries solve the above problems through block chain based reservation system. solves the first problem through transparent recording block chain that can not modified altered, solves the second problem simply transmitting the quasar coin, after securing certain amount mutual reserves through the smart contract the block chain, try solve the third problem through automatic execution according contract. technology www.quasarcoin.org reputation system reputation system reputation means the public opinion about company travel destination, and technical terms means reputation system model issue evaluation ecosystem. reputation important factor building the ecosystem platform the fair travel that quasar pursues. charact eristic therefore, focuses improving reliability, fairness and objectivity reputation systems, limiting the factors that hinder the reputation system, such the tendency reject feedback. also provides incentives encourage feedbacks, and one obtain trust technology information information availability delivery method professionalism shape design awareness competitiveness influence reputation system openness distortion reputation effectiveness effect information content satisfaction level information level newest relevance satisfaction informative practice motivation familiarity comprehension network information media (surface trust) source information (mediated trust) information content (self-confidence) user (cognitive trust) technical side institutional side qualitative side social side step step step step object feedback per visit limit overcome tourist feedback duplication. develop distributed reputation system based the following information reputation system model. reputation result trust alternative pursuit (feedback) technology reputation system www.quasarcoin.org distributed reputation system the distributed reputation system, there central server for reputation management, and transaction records and reputation values users are distributed and stored. individual users participating the service store the reputation information multiple users using dht (distributed hash table), provide when the user requests it, and the reputation information requester and the provider can not know each other. distributed reputation system, impossible monitor users 'transactions the absence central server that acts trusting authority, and also difficult distinguish between users' behavior. there disadvantage that communication traffic can weighted querying reputation information plurality users because necessary make separate request obtain reputation information from the users. although reputation information can obtained from other users even specific user does not provide information, can provide scalability compared centralized reputation system. however, trustworthiness reputation value obtained from various users and trust users are evaluated. and more thorough control over how communicate reputation between providers required. the transaction requester computes the reputation the transaction target based the evaluation received from multiple users. participants the distributed reputation system provide individual reputation calculation methods calculate the reputation the transaction target based their reputation. technology quasar coin mining www.quasarcoin.org mining pool execution guide quasar coin mining cpuminer install the program select the latest version from https://sourceforge.net/projects/cpuminer/files/ use https://github.com/pooler/cpuminer download and decompress installed folder and run windows command window minerd.exe scrypt --url stratum+tcp://nomp.quasarcoin.org: userpass qlcggctevrvahuehcgdltgwccmdjy:xx the above, you can enter your address red. mining result compensation will sent this address. the mining succeeds, possible use after confirming blocks. verify mining pool address nomp.quasarcoin.org you can check the operation status the mining pool. group www.quasarcoin.org quasar foundation introduction the quasar coin foundation (here after referred the "foundation") engaged the development quasar coin development and transparent organization management, and aims maintain and evolve the fair travel ecosystem quasar coin foundation platform. the foundation has solid management structure support the general and special tasks related the quasar project. the design goals quasar coin the foundation's management structure are the sustainable development decision committee the project, effective management and safe fund recruitment. enforcement officer decision committee the decision committee responsible for the management and decision the foundation's material issues. determine the hiring and dismissal the executive officer, the head each center, and decide general matters. the term office the committee three years. the number members the committee shall and the chairman shall elected vote quasar coin ecological center quasar coin technology center quasar coin marketing center quasar coin daily care center the committee. the first decision committee will elected among its founding team and investors. group quasar foundation www.quasarcoin.org enforcement officer the executive officer, decision-making committee, receives, enforces, and reports the decision the committee. ecological center the ecological center manages all the necessary resources for ecosystem construction the fair travel, and studies finance, big data, artificial intelligence, and iot for ecosystem evolution, and ultimately plans maintenance, evolution and development ecosystem. technology center the technology center technically implements the elements planned the ecology center and manages and maintains all the technical elements related the ecosystem. marketing center the marketing center performs activities such market research, marketing, external organizations and that the projects planned the ecological center can successfully completed daily care center the day-to-day management center responsible for general management tasks such finance, legal affairs, personnel affairs, and administration. finance responsible for budget and execution funds, and legal affairs are reviewed related laws, prevent possible legal risks. the administration and personnel are responsible for general personnel affairs and daily administrative affairs. www.quasarcoin.org quasar group future group travel business solution providers the quasar foundation quasar travel quasar korea quasar coin marketplace service the quasar marketing quasar solution quasar china lei xing crypto exchange, token exchange services quasar coin quasar exchange various-application service quasar living server deployment and hosting quasar system fin-tech financial financial services services pin-teck quasar power group generalization the total issue volume qac qac, and additional coins are longer mined. the initial pre-mining volume qac. the first million coins will deployed crowd sale method, and qac will used reward for stable node maintenance. budget allocation qac, percent distribution ",, qac" used for coin development, market promotion, and foundation operations. escrow costs required list international exchanges use this part the fund disclosed regularly technology funds for contribution founding team and development technical operation first locks and monthly releases the total duration unlocking about months initial investor system construction finance related the project, helpers, strategic planning, compensation for multifaceted contribution including talent replenishment all coins are locked the same time they are paid them are fixed positions months, are fixed positions months, fixed position months, fixed position months from the date listing the first exchange starts and released the corresponding rate every month foundation/ platform development and operation used develop next project, improve and evolve ecosystem once qacs are locked and the decision committee decides distribution plan technology foundation mining details list exchanges -quasar coin- ico www.quasarcoin.org quasar coin distribution group www.quasarcoin.org ico plan ico sales plan eth qac division round round round round eth qac qac qac qac period ..~ ..~ ..~ ..~ bonus qac eth eth eth eth hard cap qac qac qac qac roadmap established project team www.quasarcoin.org quasar coin roadmap listed exchange mmpool mining coin shop operation /qac platform marketplace system construction core system development quasar system establish crowd system development /qac integrated ecosystem construction ico crowd sale quasar group proclaim quasar korea establish quasar china establish quasar institute foundation "to the quasar world" quasar coin qac pricing .quasar coin www.quasarcoin.org quasar coin quasar coin qac sales prices are times cheaper average and the current price cheaper based the issue volume therefore, when listed the exchange april minimum available for estimated cardano iota current price issued quantity elnstelnlum qac :price distribution emc ,,, miota quasarcoin estimated price qac exchange listed target .quasar coin www.quasarcoin.org announce pre-sales qac reach your goals soon possible starting from april are preparing buy sell the international exchange bittrex btc-qac markets (h.k) yobit btc-qac eth-qac markets cryptopia btc-qac ltc-qac markets coinegg btc-qac markets quasar coin aex btc-qac eth-qac markets(bit) marketing www.quasarcoin.org qac coin sale qac sale ico qac sale announce crowd sales qac reach your goals soon possible the block chain will the second internet revolution. the internet has brought 'information equalization', the block chain will lead 'equalization value'. marketing www.quasarcoin.org qac distribution .icosangse qac distribution total supply amount: qac distribution -open mining (fixed for years): ico (pre-ico) founder developer ico foundation deposit founder (fixed for months) legal and compliance quasar coin only issues qac including pre-mining and public mining. qac coins (%) will sold the public. qac will pre-sold and qac will allocated ico. foundation mining marketing pre-ico information(pre-sale) www.quasarcoin.org pre-ico information (pre-sale) pre-sale ico distribution volume qac price eth qac maximum goal (upper, hard cap) eth period days start date november utc end date november utc minimum amount eth bonus qac qac)= qac during the pre-ico period, special coin qac scheduled for premining. qac will available discount during the pre-sale period. other words, you will get qac bonus using eth buyer will receive quasar coin immediately after installation wallet (for and android), but coins can not sold until the deal listed. the main purpose quasar ensure the rights and profits pre-ico participants regarding the key cryptocurrency qac. the maximum duration pre-ico three weeks. the pre-capped hard cap eth reached, sales will stop. not reached, the coin that not sold goes ico round funds collected during pre-ico will used for ico promotion and marketing (%), system building (%), legal issues and compliance (%), management and personnel management (%). marketing ico information ico information www.quasarcoin.org first hour bonus: qac qac) parking bonus: qac qac) parking bonus: qac qac) ico distribution volume qac price eth qac minimum goal (lower amount soft cap) eth parking bonus: qac qac) parking bonus: qac qac) during the ico period, qac will available with bonuses ranging from special bonus will available for the first hours the maximum goal (upper amount hard cap) eth start the crowd sale. the bonus amount will then decrease every two weeks. the maximum period days weeks) start date december end date february duration ico weeks. you reach the hard cap limit eth during the sale period, sales will stop. you have reached the lower limit soft cap eth, but the period has expired, the unsold coins will offered for promotional purposes. you can not reach the soft cap eth, will refund the money the ico participant. marketing qac split sales fund ico split sales fund reaching minimum goal (lower amount soft cap) ico split sales fund reaching maximum goal (upper amount hard cap) project core development project core development price management price management marketing and marketing and operating fund operating fund legal and compliance legal and compliance project core development: price management: marketing and publicity: operating fund: legal and regulatory compliance: www.quasarcoin.org project core development: price management: marketing and pr: operating fund: legal and compliance: marketing contact www.quasarcoin.org website www.quasar.org contact support@quasarcoin.org purchase target@quasarcoin.org direct purchase hyeong@gmail.com