whitepaper version october providing liquidity the non-liquid crypto economy quoine pte. ltd. liquid.plus what believe: believe world where everyone has access premium financial services, not only the privileged few. cryptocurrency the means achieve this and our mission provide the products and services necessary for the crypto world become the new mainstream. the future finance distributed. democratization finance has begun. the power everyone's hands. the crypto economy here. quoine team i'm big fan bitcoin... regulation bitcoin technological tour force. money supply needs depoliticized. gore, former vice president and winner nobel peace prize bill gates, microsoft co-founder every informed person needs know about bitcoin because might one the world's most important think the internet going one developments. the major forces for reducing the role government. the one thing leon louw, nobel peace prize that's missing, but that will soon nominee developed, reliable e-cash. milton friedman, winner nobel prize economics general information this whitepaper describes the initial sale which the quoine liquid token (qash) sold. qash crypto token that designed used for all services provided the liquid platform and quoine's existing exchange platforms explained this whitepaper. qash also can used crypto token pay for any other services provided other business entities. quoine will generally not limit the usage qash the types business entities that would like use qash for their business. qash not intended constitute security any jurisdiction. this white paper not solicitation for investment and does not pertain any way offering securities any jurisdiction. please note that purchases qash are final and non-refundable. individuals, businesses, and other organizations should carefully weigh the risks, costs, and benefits acquiring qash. limitation the purchasers you are not eligible and you shall not purchase qash through its token sale you are citizen resident (tax otherwise) any country state where the purchase qash similar crypto token may prohibited the token sale deemed not compliant with the applicable laws and regulations. particular, you are resident people's republic china, you cannot purchase qash through the token sale. purchases qash should undertaken only individuals, entities, companies that have significant experience with, and understanding of, the usage and intricacies crypto tokens and blockchain based software systems. purchasers should have functional understanding storage and transmission mechanisms associated with other crypto tokens. any entities quoine and officers and employees thereof will not responsible any way for loss any crypto tokens, qash fiat currency resulting from actions taken by, omissions the purchasers. you not have the required experience expertise, then you should not purchase qash participate the sale qash. you should carefully consider the risks, costs, and any other demerits acquiring qash, and, necessary, obtain your own independent advice this regard. you are not the position accept nor understand the risks associated with the token sale qash (including the risks related the non-development liquid platform) any other risks indicated this whitepaper, you should not acquire qash, until such that you have received the necessary independent advice. risks the purchase qash carries with significant risk. prior purchasing qash, the purchaser should carefully consider the risks listed below and, the extent necessary, consult lawyer, accountant, and/or tax professional prior determining whether purchase qash. (a) qash will stored wallet, which can only accessed with password selected the purchaser. purchaser qash does not maintain accurate record their password, this may lead the loss qash. your password protection weak and cracked learned somebody else, this may also lead the loss qash. result, purchasers must safely store their password one more backup locations that are well separated from the primary location. (b) the purchaser recognizes that some the services under the liquid platform currently under development and may undergo significant changes before release. the purchaser acknowledges that any its expectations regarding the form and functionality the liquid platform may not met for any number reasons. (c) the purchaser understands that while quoine will make best efforts connect the liquid platform most the major crypto exchanges around, possible that some exchanges may decline the connection with the liquid platform, which may result the less liquidity provided through the liquid platform than expected this whitepaper. (d) the purchaser understands that while quoine will make best efforts release the liquid platform time, possible that the official release may delayed. (e) with other crypto tokens, value qash may fluctuate significantly and become reduced value for any number reasons, including but not limited to, supply and demand, overall crypto tokens' market conditions, political geographical reasons, changes regulations any jurisdictions, and technical reasons. (f) qash will issued the ethereum blockchain. such, any malfunction unexpected functioning the ethereum protocol may impact the purchaser's ability transfer securely hold qash. such impact could adversely affect the value qash. disclaimer the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations and rules, qash, any entities quoine and officers and employees thereof shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you. any entities quoine and officers and employees thereof shall not liable for your loss qash after transferred you any reason including but not limited your failure maintain backup accurate record your password password cracking somebody due your poor maintenance your password. quoine will its best launch its operations and develop liquid platform. any person undertaking acquire qash acknowledges and understands however that quoine does not provide with any warranty the release the liquid platform. they acknowledge and understand therefore that quoine (incl. its bodies and employees) assumes liability responsibility for any loss damage that would result from relate the incapacity use the qash. regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing businesses and operations associated crypto tokens the world. that respect, regulatory measures, investigations actions may impact quoine's business and may limit prevent from developing its operations the future. any person undertaking acquire qash must aware that quoine's business model liquid platform and its existing platforms may change need modified because new regulatory and compliance requirements from any applicable laws any jurisdictions. such case, purchasers and any person undertaking acquire qash acknowledge and understand that neither quoine nor any its affiliate shall held liable for any direct indirect loss damages caused such changes. this whitepaper and any other materials explanations made quoine and its officers and employees shall not and cannot considered invitation enter into investment. they not constitute relate any way nor should they considered offering securities any jurisdiction. this whitepaper does not include nor contain any information indication that might considered recommendation that might used basis for any investment decision. neither quoine nor any its officers and employees are shall considered advisor any legal, tax financial matters. acquiring qash shall not grant any right influence over quoine's organization and governance the purchasers. representations and warranties quoine does not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this whitepaper. representation and warranties the purchasers participating the token sale qash, the purchasers represent and warrant quoine follows: (a) you are authorized and have full power purchase qash according the laws that apply your jurisdiction domicile; (b) you are solely responsible for determining whether the acquisition qash appropriate for you; (c) you are not acting agent behalf any other person entity who wish purchase qash participate its token sale; (d) you have carefully considered the risks, costs, and any other demerits acquiring qash and understood such the risks, costs, and any other demerits associated with qash and its token sale; (e) you are not acting for the purpose speculative investment; (f) you agree and acknowledge that qash does not constitute securities any form your jurisdiction; (g) you agree and acknowledge that this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities your jurisdiction solicitation for investment securities; (h) you agree and acknowledge that regulatory authority has examined approved the information set out this whitepaper, such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with; (i) you agree and acknowledge that this whitepaper, the undertaking and/or the completion the qash token sale, future trading qash any cryptocurrency exchange, shall not construed, interpreted deemed you indication the merits quoine qash; (j) the distribution dissemination this whitepaper, any part thereof any copy thereof, acceptance the same you, not prohibited restricted the applicable laws, regulations rules your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions relation possession are applicable, you have observed and complied with all such restrictions your own expense and without liability quoine; (k) you agree and acknowledge that the case where you wish purchase any qash, not construed, interpreted, classified treated as: (i) any kind currency other than cryptocurrency; (ii) debentures, stocks shares issued quoine (iii) rights, options derivatives respect such debentures, stocks shares; (iv) rights under contract for differences under any other contract the purpose pretended purpose which secure profit avoid loss; (v) units collective investment scheme; (vi) units business trust; (vii) derivatives units business trust; (viii) any other security class securities. (l) you have good understanding the operation, functionality, usage, storage, transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology; (m) you are fully aware and understand that the case where you wish purchase any qash, there are risks associated with quoine and its business and operations; (n) you agree and acknowledge that quoine not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you; (o) you will not use the token sale for any illegal activity, including but not limited money laundering and the financing terrorism; and (p) all the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and non-misleading from the time your access and/or acceptance possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be). updates the detail the token sale quoine reserves the right, its sole discretion, change, modify, add, remove portions this whitepaper and the terms any time during the sale posting the amendment the liquid website. any purchaser will deemed have accepted such changes purchasing qash. any point you not agree any portion the then-current version this whitepaper and the terms, you should not purchase qash. market and industry information this whitepaper includes market and industry information and forecasts that have been obtained from internal surveys, reports and studies, where appropriate, well market research, publicly available information and industry publications. such surveys, reports, studies, market research, publicly available information and publications generally state that the information that they contain has been obtained from sources believed reliable, but there can assurance the accuracy completeness such included information. quoine has not conducted any independent review the information extracted from third party sources, verified the accuracy completeness such information ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon therein. consequently, any entities quoine and officers and employees thereof not make any representation warranty the accuracy completeness such information and shall not obliged provide any updates the same. definitions automated trading strategies has the meaning specified section ... base currency shall mean the currency that you are buying selling, e.g.: btc, eth, etc. cross currency conversion engine (ccce) shall refer the core engine the liquid platform that allows near-instant, automated cross-currency conversion. crypto fiat credit facility has the meaning specified section ... crypto lending shall refer the lending crypto tokens. similar lending the fiat world, large crypto token holders can lend their holdings for fee. crypto token shall mean the cryptocurrency the distributed ledger-based token. direct market access has the meaning specified section ... external aggregated order book has the meaning specified section ... fiat management has the meaning specified section internal order book has the meaning specified section ... liquid platform has the meaning specified section liquidity silos shall refer pockets liquidity that exist because liquidity one exchange one currency pair cannot easily access the opposite liquidity. matching engine (me) has the meaning specified section ... prime brokerage has the meaning specified section qash shall refer the name quoine liquid token and has the meaning specified section qryptos shall refer quoine's cryptocurrency-only exchange. quoine will open its platform for all token issuers automated self-serving platform, for both initial crypto token issuance well secondary exchange. (www.qryptos.com) quoine shall refer to, collectively individually, quoine corp. established under the laws japan and its affiliates, including but not limited quoine pte. ltd. established under the laws singapore. quoine leading global fintech company group that provides trading, exchange, and next-generation financial services powered blockchain technology with offices japan, singapore, vietnam and the philippines. quoinex shall refer quoine's flagship product. one the largest cryptocurrency-fiat exchanges the world, and fully regulated japan. (www.quoinex.com) quote currency shall refer the currency used price the base currency the currency used quote prices, e.g.: usd, eur, etc. real time reporting has the meaning specified section ... smart order routing (sor) has the meaning specified section ... system co-location has the meaning specified section ... underserved markets shall refer smaller markets that, isolation, are not yet big enough support their own liquid crypto tokens. world book has the meaning specified section abstract background quoine liquid platform world book multi-market order book the architecture prime brokerage direct market access fiat management crypto/fiat credit real time reporting other services system co-location automated trading strategies trading tools qash token sale token overview token utility listed tradeble assets exclusive owner benefits token specifications token sale process use proceeds qash blockchain who benefits individual and institutional traders token issuers token holders financial services innovators and society large quoine's competitive advantage world class team product readiness exchange and banking relationships regulated japan compliance and security exclusive partnership with quoine (quoinex, qryptos) competitive landscape roadmap the company summary leadership board directors, angel investors and shareholders join our quoine liquid community reference quoine corporate profile quoine contact details abstract quoine liquid platform single globally-sourced trading platform (world book) with associated suite services (prime brokerage). combined, these produce the highest level liquidity the world--allowing any individual access the opportunities and wealth the new crypto economy offers. the liquid platform's world book built top quoine's existing matching engine, smart order routing, and cross currency conversion engine technologies. becomes the ultimate resource for traders--a multi-market order book that combines every liquidity source the world into single highly liquid tradable order book, any currency user chooses. the liquid platform's prime brokerage offers direct market access (dma), fiat management, crypto/fiat credit facility, and real time reporting. serving all client sizes and requirements: the liquid platform combines it's world book and prime brokerage with high-end services such system co-location, automated trading strategies, "crowd-sourced" ai-driven algorithms, and quoine's advanced proprietary trading tools. universal native token: the quoine liquid token, qash the fuel that will power all services quoine provides. are already talks with financial institutions and partners make qash the preferred token for their own upcoming and existing financial services, they migrate decentralized platforms. envision qash will used the broader financial industry and any other industries for various purposes including payment and remittance. the end goal: quoine building solid, global financial utility--an advanced platform the entire crypto economy will use great advantage; where anyone can participate users and token holders. quoine liquid will become complete financial ecosystem for the crypto economy. background when bitcoin appeared only few visionaries understood disruptive shock wave was about hit the financial industry. like the gutenberg press and the internet, promises take power and information control away from elite class, and distribute among individuals. just eight years, bitcoin has gone from market cap zero billion. there are twelve other crypto tokens with ten-figure market caps. the market cap all crypto token combined stands over billion--with the surrounding infrastructure and ecosystem likely worth lot more. let's look few key statistics. the global (fiat) market processes trillion trades per day. cryptocurrency's daily share relatively smaller (for now) around billion--although sometimes reaches billion. while there are unique fiat currencies the world, there are crypto tokens, and counting. when look these figures, they indicate that the crypto-market going continue upward trend. most crypto token value far has come from speculation and trading. everyone who came late the party searching for the "next bitcoin". almost every day, new crypto token comes market seek its fortune hundreds exchanges worldwide, and thousands more will follow. millions individuals, thousands businesses, and even new industries will emerge-- building their entire foundations these decentralized crypto token based ecosystems. from ordinary payments huge institutional transfers, fundraising and investments, smart contracts and services that haven't even been dreamt yet--disruption now coming from all directions. the new crypto economy here. the future finance distributed. democratization finance has begun. the power now everyone's hands. enter quoine. successful and profitable cryptocurrency firm with impeccable reputation and financial industry pedigree. september are the first global cryptocurrency firm the world officially licensed the japan fsa (license http://www.fsa.go.jp/menkyo/menkyoj/kasoutuka.pdf. our quoinex and qryptos trading platforms are the most advanced the world with annual transactions over billion. with over two and half centuries combined experience finance and financial technology, quoine's team understands the industry inside out. fact, understand enough know legacy finance becoming obsolete. large financial institutions simply cannot keep with innovation. and we're only just beginning--read see how plan grow this exponentially, and why our people are the ones deliver. the liquidity problem amid the massive, often chaotic ocean economic activity the crypto token markets, participants face many challenges. quoine, have identified one fundamental element address. it's element large often gets overlooked... yet it's vital the health and growth the worldwide crypto economy. that element is: liquidity. liquidity the lifeblood any industry, any economy and any individual business. liquidity covers short-term obligations and working capital needs businesses-- whether it's associated with debt financing funding new initiatives. company can have the largest asset base the world and the best-run business, but any point time needs short term-finance, and unable lend against liquidate any its assets, then that company trouble. financial world history littered with such casualties. its future doesn't need be. liquidity problems triggered many the global financial crisis' most traumatic events. its first major shock occurred when bnp paribas suspended liquidation from three its money market funds, citing illiquid markets. then there were runs bear stearns and lehman brothers, leading their eventual collapse. the new financial world pouring its creative energy into this explosion new crypto tokens and exciting business models. but liquidity--that less headline-grabbing yet fundamental element--is getting left behind. what individual business' most significant asset tied specific crypto token, without liquidity? they would serious trouble. this issue already exists today. the largest liquidity providers traditional finance are global banks and other financial institutions such goldman sachs, morgan chase, citibank, bank america merrill lynch, and deutsche bank. can quoine achieve the same status the crypto economy? believe can. read find out how. quoine liquid platform welcome quoine liquid, built provide liquidity the non-liquid crypto economy. quoine launching quoine liquid platform, single globally-sourced trading platform (world book) with associated suite services (prime brokerage) which will enable the highest level liquidity. the process, this will allow anybody tap into all the opportunities the new crypto economy has offer. the liquid platform will managed and operated quoine pte. ltd. established under laws singapore. exchanges brokers world book matching engine data infrastructure currency conversion banks* smart order routing direct market access fiat management regulators reporting credit facilities (lending) prime brokerage individual investors institutional investors token holders token issuers [quoine liquid platform] currently, the liquidity landscapes for crypto tokens are fragmented. the top cryptocurrency exchanges all offer different crypto token pairs, and one exchange dominates any one crypto token pair. furthermore, liquidity and the best prices for given pair can shift from one exchange another. any particular time, the best deal buy btc might the us. within the next hour, might asia europe. the same true for eth and other crypto tokens. january march china japan july korea others [changing liquidity leaders geography/currency] sense, the various cryptocurrency exchanges are liquidity silos. they are liquid some pairs, but their liquidity only accessible clients that exchange. and while most the exchanges offer liquidity certain highly liquid currencies (usd, eur, cny, jpy, etc.), there convenient and highly-liquid on-ramp into the crypto world for holders minor currencies such cad, nzd, sgd, php, idr, etc. separately, each market's liquidity remains small, but collectively they represent large untapped source liquidity that now desperately wants on-ramp into the crypto world. europe canada korea india china japan africa latin america eur australia underserved market liquidity silo [liquidity silos and underserved markets throughout the world] the liquid platform brings together the entire global network cryptocurrency exchanges and makes them accessible everybody. with access all the major reputable exchanges worldwide, the liquid platform provides unparalleled and powerful suite trading services individual and institutional investors alike--as well token issuers and token holders. world book multi-market order book the liquid platform's world book offers multi-market order book that aggregates the [orders /prices] world's various liquidity sources into single highly liquid tradable order book, allowing orders placed the currency one's choice: eur [multi-market order book] the world book solves two important problems that limit liquidity the crypto world: liquidity silos and underserved markets. mentioned above, liquidity silos are pockets liquidity that exist because liquidity one exchange one currency pair (e.g. btc/usd exchange cannot easily access the opposite liquidity exists another exchange (e.g. btc/eur exchange b). underserved markets are smaller markets that, isolation, are not yet big enough support their own liquid crypto token. people the countries that only have liquidity silos and underserved markets would like able trade the crypto token their home currencies, but there highly-liquid on-ramp into the crypto world for them. the liquidity silos and underserved markets problems are solved connecting these exchanges into single point liquidity, and allowing the order book priced any the major currencies and many minor currencies. under the hood, the world book composite two order books: internal order book: order book that contains fx-adjusted orders for all orders placed users the world book. external aggregated order book: order book that contains all other orders (but adjusted) that exist throughout the world other than those placed internal order book. each order this book linked order the various exchanges internationally. world book internal order book multi-currency matching engine internal matching external aggregated order book external matching data infrastructure (data feeds from world exchanges) external exchanges smart order router cross-currency engine exchanges [diagram the world book] the liquid platform's world book supports trading the quote currency one's choice. understand how useful this is, helpful understand that trading pairs the crypto token and worlds are composed base currency (what you are buying and selling, e.g.: btc, eth, etc.), and quote currency (the currency which you see the price, e.g.: usd, eur, etc.). also possible have pure crypto token pairs such eth/btc which has base currency eth, and quote currency btc. traders using the world book have the option selecting their quote currency from any the major fiat currencies, plus some crypto tokens. for example, german trader (a) wishing sell btc (base currency) can choose see the world book for btc eur (their quote currency). when they place order the world book, they see their order enter the btc/eur market, and the order's price reflected their orderbook eur. while, singapore trader, using the world book, will see the entire order book their own currency choice, likely sgd. they will see the order that was placed btc/eur the german trader, priced sgd and from the singapore trader's perspective, the german trader's order will fluctuate with changes the eur/sgd rates. the order sell btc/eur matched with order buy btc/sgd, conversion happens behind the scenes. both parties receive their execution the respective currencies their orders. btc/eur btc/sgd spread this user sees the entire order book denominated floats with rates eur fixed user currency this user sees the entire order book denominated sgd [multi-market order book] the architecture underpinning liquid platform's world book are three technologies that are already used extensively quoine daily basis: matching engine (me) cross currency conversion engine (ccce) smart order routing (sor) matching engine (me): built from scratch combining decades experience financial technology, the world book's matching engine (me) capable processing several million transactions per second, making one the most advanced matching engines the industry. the has been architected hyper-scalable support very high number markets (crypto token pairs) and offers native support for number key order types, around which powerful order management system has been built. all these features, coupled with "built fail" resiliency, make the world book's one the best the market. rest api websocket fix api api network api single server machine dispatcher(s): src/dst translators input ring buffer market events accounts/balances/ loans events requests update accounts/balances/ loans output ring buffer output ring buffer output ring buffer market events accounts/balances/ loans events mux orders process cancel input traders external accounts and loans database mux market events output out the markets are discrete state machines which act independently and complete for the funds (balances/loans) out avoid race conditions, markets acquire funds atomically for short time qi/bj qi/bj out qi/bj out qi/bj acquire accounts/ balances/loans atomically (by lua) accounts/balances/ loans events out qi/bj margin call checker market events different markets internal output (margin call orders) output: internal orders qi, queue requests, queue identifier bj, order book, order book identifier src source, dst destination, mux multiplexer [technical diagram illustration matching engine] cross currency conversion engine (ccce) the cross currency conversion engine allows for near-instant, automated currency conversions: when execution confirmed, and the two parties don't share the same quote currency, quote currency conversion necessary. for example, two clients the world book are both trading eth (the base currency), but one them trading sgd and the other usd, conversion using usd/sgd must added the transaction complete the match. the ccce automatically performs this when the match confirmed. also constantly adjusting, real-time pricing, the order book reflect the current executable exchange rates. should mentioned here that this currency conversion not limited fiat. for example, using eth/btc for currency conversion, becomes possible provide match between order placed eth/sgd, and one placed btc/sgd. furthermore, adding fiat conversion allows for matches between pairs such eth/eur and btc/sgd (see diagram below. using the ccce allows the world book and smart order routing (sor) source liquidity from multiple places that are not normally matched, allowing the world book tap into additional sources liquidity. order sent the markets sell sgd and buy eur the system recognizes match possible using eth/btccrates eur/sgd rates client sell eth fixed price eur order sent the crypto markets sell eth and buy btc client a's account has eth deducted and receives eurs. client place order buy btc price fixed sgd client b's account has sgd deducted and receives btc [illustrations the conversion process] smart order routing (sor): the smart order routing technology maintains low-latency, real-time (r/t) feeds for all major exchanges throughout the world. when any those order books changes, it's reflected liquid platform's world book. when order placed the world book, and match available internally, the smart order routing technology checks see there match available another exchange. so, automatically routes the order the currency the order the other exchange. example path example path exchange example path exchange a's eth/sgd example path exchange b's eth/usd order buy eth/sgd smart order router exchange c's eth/eur exchange d's btc/usd green execution path order placed buy eth using sgd the sgd converted usd the markets the usd used buy btc the btc used buy eth the eth credited the buyer's account exchange d's eth/btc [illustration smart order routing process] prime brokerage the liquid platform's prime brokerage comprised suite services that provide users with tools reduce counterparty risk and increase roi. prime brokerage includes so-called direct market access, fiat management, and credit facility its core offering. users are now able trade directly any global reputable exchange, without even having account funds those exchanges. liquid platform users will gain the following benefits: reduction counterparty risk: users the liquid platform will only ever need deal with quoine their counterparty. quoine regulated japan the japan financial services agency (fsa), known one the strictest regulators the world. the jfsa officially licensed quoine digital currency exchange september increase capital efficiency: liquid platform users will able deal other exchanges without having move funds directly. capital movements will done via quoine's funding facilities, and should instant for both crypto token and fiat. netting positions: users the liquid platform will have the ability net positions taken across different trading venues. this will allow market participants better take advantage inefficiencies the sometimes fractured crypto markets. direct market access the prime brokerage allows its users leverage quoine's smart order routing (sor) technology and connectivity all reputable global exchanges, and get direct market access for the fastest and best execution from single platform. with our state-of-the-art trading dashboards, users the liquid platform will able manage their trading books, place orders, monitor risk and keep eye all global markets major exchanges, our order management system (oms) and matching engine (me) provide unparalleled banking-level performance capable processing millions orders per second. our oms provides professional-grade fix api, with both common and advanced order types and execution algorithms. fiat management fiat management one the most difficult (and restricted) constraints when comes providing liquidity the market. moving large sums fiat slow, expensive and time consuming which one the reasons crypto tokens are the future finance. over the past three years, quoine has built extensive network relationships with banks. part our banking strategy has been co-locate our bank accounts with those other major exchanges, creating accounts the same bank--and many cases the same branch--as other exchanges. have also begun working with major global bank provide fiat transfer optimization. this will allow complete immediate fiat transfers globally. this service will also available third party liquidity providers using the prime brokerage. quoine planning obtain funds transfer service provider license and any other permits licenses when required. why this innovation matters for liquidity there are many third party liquidity providers that provide only limited liquidity. their liquidity provision substantially constrained the time and cost moving fiat. providing this service part our prime brokerage, third party liquidity providers will incentivized use the platform--because will allow them better monetize their capital. crypto/fiat credit the liquid platform's prime brokerage will extend its crypto/fiat credit facility users leverage their existing balances for enhanced trading opportunities. crypto/ fiat credit facility allows users borrow using either fiat crypto token collateral. quoine liquid token (qash) can also used collateral for trading. (more our token the following sections.) quoine also the process applying for formal banking license, expand the range services can offer our users. quoine will also obtain any other permits licenses when required. real time reporting the prime brokerage users will have access customized activity statements, view detailed information about their account activity including positions, cash balances, transactions, and more. they will able run trade confirmation reports view all executions. other services system co-location our liquid platform provides co-location one our powerful private servers physically located near our matching engine and oms system--or near liquidity venues within our network exchange partners. provide support for mainstream programming languages. users the liquid platform will able deploy their own strategies and also offer them other customers the platform fee. automated trading strategies our liquid platform provides access third party trading strategies, and its own automated trading and market-making strategies. users can select from published list automated algorithmic strategies, then have their asset traded using these strategies. strategies will published and will accessible our users. historical performance and other details strategies will available users aid them the selection process. initially, these strategies will provided quoine. however the platform, data, and tools use will made available thousands data scientists throughout the industry, allowing access any individual teams with the talent/skill design and offer their own trading strategies. examples trading strategy use cases: ico/its token issuers can use automated market making strategies market making for their tokens. talented quants and trading system developers can design their own trading systems and then use them trade their own assets--or share them publicly for share the profits and/or fee. crypto token holders can select one basket strategies and then have their asset automatically traded using the automate strategies. automated trading strategies will provided only the extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations and rules. trading tools users the quoine liquid platform have access best-in-class trading tools developed over the years for quoine products. among these tools, users have full access powerful trading dashboard, developed for quoine products and adapted for the liquid platform. users have access tools manage their trades and positions, monitor global markets real time, enter and manage orders, view live charts, etc. qash token sale token overview the crypto economy has given whole new way build new distributed infrastructure through the use crypto tokens. people are coming together fund something they truly want, something they truly believe in. and token holders, they are benefiting from the growth its utility and value. quoine, through quoine liquid token (qash), building financial utility--a platform that the entire crypto economy will benefit from and where people can participate both users and token holders. qash will issued quoine pte. ltd and may distributed itself and/or designated distributors. please note that qash does not represent any equity quoine and does not entitle holders any voting rights, dividends profit-sharing any entities quoine. qash crypto token that can used the fuel that powers all services provided the liquid platform and quoine's existing platforms (quoinex and qryptos). qash has two main functions: crypto token users can pay for services all our platforms; tradable crypto token the open market. top these, qash will open all financial and any other industries. quoine will not limit the usage qash nor business entities that would like use qash for their business. therefore, any companies organizations, individuals may able utilize qash crypto token such bitcoin, ethereum's eth and ripple's xrp. the demand for the liquid platform grows, the utility qash will increase and will allow qash holders use its value "pay for" all services and functions quoine and its partners will provide. envision qash could even become the preferred standard token used pay for all services provided the broader financial industry, participants gradually migrate decentralized platforms. quoine already discussion with multiple financial institutions, fintech startups, and partners make qash the preferred payment token for upcoming and existing financial services. token utility initially, qash value will used for services provided the liquid platform and quoine--to cover fees, credit collateral, and participate trading strategies. qash holders can use value return for: transaction fees liquid platform qryptos quoinex prime brokerage direct market access fiat management crypto fiat credit other services system co-location automated trading strategies trading tools listed tradeble assets qash will tradable quoine's trading platform--and other exchanges. having qash listed various exchanges another way expect the token utility increase with liquidity. exclusive owner benefits finally, added incentive, qash owners will receive periodic promotions, discounted fees, preferential access new products/services, and opportunities invest future ico/token sales that quoine will help launch. token specifications token name qash code qash issuance amount ,,, qash token sale price token sale price qash eth (special discount will applicable the purchases during the sales period described section particulars erc- ethereum-based token maximum token offered qash eth minimum token required qash eth use proceeds section token sale process each day, more and more token issuers are experiencing cyber-attacks, hacks, and impersonators which have led multimillion dollars' worth theft. this because current ico platforms not have the proper security measures place for purchasers deposit and transfer their funds. deposits are typically transferred from one eth address another without proper kyc checks, often using single publicly announced address for purchasers send their funds. hackers and scammers take advantage this posting fake eth addresses forums, and unsuspecting token purchasers end transferring crypto the hackers' addresses. ensure this does not happen with our token sale, have placed stringent, preventative measures ensure safe, secure, and compliant process for all token participants. will carry out our token sale only through our secure trading and exchange platform, qryptos. all purchasers will need set account qryptos transfer crypto funds securely participate the qash token sale. the registration steps setup account qryptos and participate our token sale are explained the following page. create/activate your qryptos account. from the liquid landing page (http://liquid.plus), click "register now". this button will take you quoine's qryptos registration page (https:// accounts.qryptos.com/sign-up). screen instructions will guide you through your qryptos account registration. you will need provide some basic information including your name, email address, home address, and securing your login activating -factor authentication with the google authenticator app. more detailed instructions can found from our help center. upon completing the above, email containing account confirmation/ activation link will sent your email address from service@quoine.com. click the link activate your account. you may now pre-fund prior the actual token sale. fund your qryptos account and buy qash. upon logging into qryptos (fa code required), you will able fund your account with either btc eth and purchase qash. each qash purchaser will allocated unique btc eth deposit address for funding. upon funding his/her account, the purchaser simply clicks "buy qash", enter the amount the purchaser wishes purchase, and hits submit. qryptos will automatically deduct the appropriate amount btc eth from the purchaser's account and add purchased qash tokens. the case that the purchaser placed btc his/her account, quoine determines amount btc deducted from the purchaser's account accordance with the amount qash entered such purchaser the basis market value eth/btc (determined reasonable discretion quoine) the time the purchase. please note that any purchase order cannot withdrawn cancelled once made. existing quoine users who already have qryptos account can immediately participate the token sale clicking the "purchase qash" button their home account tab. quoine will not provide any generic funding address through any social media, messaging services, bulletin boards, etc.as most ico hacks are happening this way. qash token sale will commence singapore time (utc hours), november and end singapore time (utc hours), november (the sales period). the total amount the purchase requests exceeds the maximum offer within the sales period, quoine will pro-rate qash according the ratio the purchaser's request. quoine cannot meet its minimum token requirement qash within the sales period, quoine will return the deposit after subtracting handling and network fees. use proceeds immediately after the token sale, token ownership will follows (year year quoine will fully distribute the eserves and only retain allocated management and quoine shareholders. token allocation management/quoine shareholders offered for public sale management/quoine shareholders tokens allocation year community/ecosystem year strategic partners/ institutional buyers (long term holders) offered public proceeds will into liquidity (%), product development (%), operations (%) and legal/regulations (%). legal/regulation use proceeds operations liquidity product development qash blockchain qash will initially built top ethereum's erc- token standard. quoine will create its own blockchain (qash blockchain) that will have specific financial industry requirements already built in. currently, none the existing blockchains (including ethereum) offer sophisticated tools build any meaningful scalable financial services top their blockchains (other than basic services such payments and transfers). all quoine services will migrated the qash blockchain and the existing erc based qash will also exchanged the newly created qash token the qash blockchain. the qash blockchain will support more sophisticated financial industry programming languages (python-like language and other commonly used languages the financial industry) for the design and construction smart contracts that will allow financial institutions and fintech startups build decentralized financial services top the qash blockchain. when launch the qash blockchain will have the following features: kyc/aml node management (region restrictions) financial service features credit lending management market data distribution margin management matching engine market making engine issuance new crypto tokens banking etc. quoine creating financial services based blockchain that will powered qash. more fintech services utilize the qash blockchain, anticipate qash becoming the token choice growing ecosystem financial service providers thus causing the utility qash grow. who benefits individual and institutional traders access great technology over the years, quoine has built state-of-the-art, high-availability, and highperformance technology for connectivity the majority global crypto exchanges. this includes smart order routing (sor) and order management (oms) technology manage orders for each exchange our network, addition powerful real time market data infrastructure covering all relevant global crypto exchanges. access the world's liquidity the ever-increasing number crypto tokens and exchanges presents both significant opportunity and challenge for investors and traders alike. between usd and billion are traded daily crypto token markets across dozens exchanges, with volatility well over the recent past. this presents sizeable opportunity for traders and investors. the chart below shows the spreads across major exchanges for btc: bitstamp coincheck gemini kraken bitflyer coinbase bitfinex bitstamp coincheck gemini kraken bitflyer coinbase bitfinex [spreads across major exchanges for btc.] reduced risk the challenge lies having access all the profitable opportunities efficient and secure manner, with little risk possible. the time writing, quite difficult (even impossible) fully take advantage these opportunities due various factors. these range from counterparty risk technology limitations, financial/banking restrictions, high price volatility, capital inefficiency, and overall lack clear and fair pricing. counterparty risk alone poses significant challenge when comes centralized unregulated exchanges. the past year, every single one the top five exchanges excluding quoine (measured trading volume) has been hacked and had funds stolen, costing customers millions--and some cases tens millions--of usd losses. access professional-grade services the services that the quoine liquid platform offers are already powerful when used their own, but they can have much stronger impact when coupled with our prime brokerage, fiat management services, and sophisticated reporting tools. trading the scale our liquid platform provides will longer the exclusive privilege the few. are launching fully open, super-connected platform that will allow anybody, anywhere participate and benefit from the trading opportunities that the crypto economy has offer. this real democratization finance. token issuers currently, there are hundreds new crypto tokens being created support various services their issuers intend offer, across variety industries. the challenge, discussed previous sections, that there usually zero (or very limited) liquidity due their being new issues. this poses problem for new crypto token holders and issuers alike. quoine will open its crypto-only exchange, qryptos, token holders and token issuers except for crypto tokens that would categorized securities some other regulated financial products that qryptos cannot handle with will not listed qryptos. token issuers will able leverage all liquid platform's technologies and services create market for their token qryptos. our liquid platform will capable fully supporting the new emerging crypto token economy, and help eliminate the current liquidity challenges facing. token issuers will able auto-setup initial/secondary offering and marketmaking, part managed service. liquid platform's world book and market data services, coupled with specialized market-making strategies, will allow marketmaking for new crypto tokens--and turn, the creation liquidity and fair pricing for new crypto tokens. features include web-based, self-service setup qryptos (www.qryptos.com) use liquid platform's high-performance matching engine market data services tools own market-making, use liquid platform's market-making service (token issuer will need provide inventory) token holders early participants the crypto world who participated icos and token sales have significant portion their assets invested and tied various crypto tokens. the liquid platform's success will benefit token holders providing increased price stability and less market manipulation, leading higher valuations their crypto token assets. the liquid platform will also provide token holders with the following additional services: crypto lending token holders may lend their crypto tokens for fee qryptos. doing adds liquidity the token market, providing the necessary inventory for liquidity providers who trade margin. this increases the overall liquidity the specific token. token liquidation service when token holders have significant assets tied specific crypto token--and there need liquidate quickly--this liquidation can disrupt the token market and can even cause token markets crash. holders can use third party services, but these are expensive, non-transparent, and can lead information leakage. using the liquid platform, world book and sophisticated automated order types, holders can liquidate large positions without disrupting the market for the crypto token--and without having engage third party services. financial services innovators and society large cryptocurrencies and their underlying blockchain/distributed ledger technologies are key facilitator for many the applications, products and services being introduced part the irreversible wave innovation currently taking place the financial services industry. this wave new innovations, sometimes referred as, "the fintech revolution", promises completely disrupt traditional financial services all fronts. will ultimately bring better, faster, cheaper, middleman-free financial services everyone, including the world's estimated more than billion "unbanked" with access banks all. there are also countless "underbanked" individuals and businesses who can't get credit using traditional banking, due lack credit histories and other reasons. quoine's global network exchange and banking relationships, regulatory licenses, and compliance/security frameworks can fill the gaps for many the existing fintech alternative models for intra-country and international remittances, payments and lending. envision qash become the preferred token that can used the broader financial industry power financial services they migrate decentralized platforms. quoine's competitive advantage unlike most other token offerings far, the liquid platform real product backed world class company (quoine). has strong management team with hundreds years combined financial technology experience, and live-scalable products that are already used hundreds thousands active users. world class team have assembled world class team with over years combined experience finance and technology. our team has proven track record forex it, forex trading, algos, equity trading systems, and ficc (fixed income, currencies, and commodities)--all combined with expertise internet and mobile technology. most notably, have built quoinex--one the largest cryptocurrency exchanges the world. regulated the japan fsa and fully aligned with the requirements most regulated markets around the world. quoine's management team has worked the following companies: financial institutions: goldman sachs, bank america merrill lynch, credit suisse, citigroup, barclays, ubs, anz, union bank, rabobank, wells fargo bank, bloomberg, price waterhouse coopers, simplex, scotty group, capital markets trading, etc. internet and technology: softbank group corp., samsung, singtel, bsb, hike, gungho online entertainment, grab, luxola, protiviti, sap, etc. others: mitsubishi corporation, anderson consulting, airasia, sephora, etc. product readiness our core product development already completed. there zero risk core product development. the liquid platform: connected all the major reputable exchanges worldwide from single platform. provides unparalleled and powerful suite trading services both individual and institutional traders. our product-market fit unquestionable. the crypto economy needs liquidity and are solving fundamental problem. will continuously improve our products using our cutting-edge technologies. know how scale. built quoinex become one the largest exchanges the world. the case with all startups, though, companies will unfortunately fail during product development and product-market fit stages. however quoine already past that "valley death". the valley death companies fail here product development risk risk stage product market fit risk risk stage product scaling risk risk stage exchange and banking relationships over the past three years, quoine has built and connected with global exchanges and banks all major continents--which the liquid platform able leverage. the amount work (resources, regulation, professional services) makes our liquid platform truly unique. have been able build these relationships are fully compliant, regulated, and have never experienced any significant incidents theft any our existing platforms (both quoinex and qryptos). exchanges: the liquid platform connected over cryptocurrency exchanges around the world. have already performed extensive due diligence assess counterparty risk, and have implemented tiered monitoring system. banks: the liquid platform has bank accounts japan, us, eu, taiwan, singapore, philippines, indonesia, with more come. the account opening process takes anywhere from six months two years--that is, successful all (most banks still reject and have zero-tolerance policy for cryptocurrency startups). our team has succeeded where most others have failed. regulated japan quoine's parent company quoine corp. operates fully-regulated cryptocurrency exchange under the japan financial services agency and were the first global exchange officially licensed september (license no. are the first exchange the world fully regulated the country-level--bringing security, reliability, compliance, and governance across our entire range products and services. compliance and security are proud that quoine's products are the most compliant services the crypto token space. with ken mazzio our chief compliance officer, strong team risk officers including independent internal auditor, big firm our external auditor, compliance training for all employees, and annual compliance plan agreed our risk management committee and carried out our entire senior management team, have built culture compliance within quoine. recognize the risks money laundering and terrorism financing the reputation the crypto industry and society large, and continuously strive enhance our program the leading example best practices the crypto world. this culture what allowed open banking accounts around the world, where others could not. other crypto company has this much reach and depth, especially fiat. quoine strictly complies with fatf guidelines when operate jurisdictions where the crypto industry not yet subject specific aml regulation. comply with all applicable laws and regulations the jurisdictions which operate. also use world class tools such kycsphere and thompson reuters world-check one manage our aml compliance and "know your customer" obligations, perform sanctions screening (un, ofac, eu, etc.), and help identify politically exposed persons (peps). the security and privacy side, took our years experience working with bankgrade security and combined with the most up-to-date tools and techniques leapfrog traditional financial institutions. have achieved new fintech-grade security program covering all the key security domains. these are: access control application development security business continuity and disaster recovery planning cryptography information security governance and risk management legal regulations, investigations and compliance operations security physical and environmental security security architecture and design telecommunications and network security addition our internal team, processes and tools plus the state-of-the-art external security tools and services use--we engage specialized external penetration testers and even crowd-sourced penetration testing services stay ahead wouldbe attackers. this protects the confidentiality, availability and integrity our systems, information--and ultimately our users. quoine, security activity. it's everybody's responsibility, managed our risk management committee which comprised our senior managers from all areas the business, and supported state-ofthe-art technologies and tools. exclusive partnership with quoine (quoinex, qryptos) liquid will have unparalleled advantage quoine's existing platforms, forming exclusive partnership utilize common infrastructure, product tool sets, and knowledge sharing best practices. quoinex (quoinex.com) one the largest crypto-fiat exchanges the world with over usd annual transactions, and fully regulated japan. qryptos (www.qryptos.com) our cryptocurrency-only exchange. quoine will open the platform for all token issuers automated self-serving platform, for both initial token issuance and secondary exchange. success factors liquid competitive landscape there are many companies trying address certain segment what offer. unfortunately, none have the necessary success factors nor product features that are ready offer today. omega one bancor quantave exchange union rialto salt product features liquid omega one bancor quantave exchange union rialto proven team aggregated order book n/a core products already built battle tested matching engine n/a smart order routing n/a n/a exchange banking relationships n/a n/a regulated (japan, etc.) n/a n/a realtime currency conversion n/a market making compliance security frameworks n/a big auditor n/a fully implemented partially place n/a not started n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a not known/not disclosed n/a fiat management n/a credit lending facility n/a n/a salt n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a based quoine research white papers fully implemented partially place not started n/a not known/not disclosed based quoine research white papers roadmap quoine building global financial utility--an advanced platform the entire crypto economy will use great advantage; where anyone can participate users and token holders. eventually, quoine liquid will become complete financial ecosystem for the crypto economy and welcome everyone join our exciting journey. quoinex mobile app launched quoinex quoine incorporated new high performance data infrastructure moved headquarters japan offered margin trading global smart order routing cross-currency matching engine quoinex japan registered with the japan fsa license no. launched qryptos new high performance multi-market matching engine (m+ transaction/sec) quoine qash token sale support for tokens and self service token listings qryptos launched quoine liquid direct market access beta prime brokerage offering launch qash blockchain official quoine liquid launch launch quoine liquid world book beta full banking license expand service asset management and investment banking direct market access the company summary and ficc (fixed income, currencies, and have assembled world class team with internet and mobile technology. over years combined experience commodities)--all combined with expertise finance and technology. most notably, have built quoinex--one our team has proven track record forex it, the world, regulated the japan fsa and forex trading, algos, equity trading systems, the largest cryptocurrency exchanges fully aligned with the requirements most regulated markets around the world. leadership mike kayamori co-founder and ceo inspired the innovative disruption blockchain and digital currencies, mike co-founded quoine with mario. mike brings over years experience investments, business management, and venture capital across japan, the united states, india and southeast asia. prior quoine, mike was senior vice president softbank group, managing its asia operations and investments with singtel and bharti group. was also the cio gungho asia, the creator puzzle and dragons. before softbank, mike was senior director globespan capital partners, palo alto-based venture capital fund with over usd. billion under management. mike holds bachelor law from the university tokyo and mba from harvard business school. mario gomez-lozada co-founder, president and cto mario was the japan cio and head fixed income asia credit suisse (cs). cs, mario oversaw projects related the expansion the fixed income, currencies and commodities business asia. was also responsible for creating the ficc global development center singapore. japan cio, worked closely with local regulators and was responsible for risk and control. prior cs, mario was cto merrill lynch japan, spanning -year career where was responsible for all aspects the bank's pertaining the fixed income, currencies and commodities business. was actively involved early electronic trading initiatives, where developed cutting-edge software for sales and trading systems. katsuya konno cfo katsu spent close eight years softbank group. his time softbank, katsu worked many large m&a and venture deals worth over usd billion, including the acquisition sprint (us mobile carrier), brightstar (global distributor mobile devices), investments coupang (largest e-commerce platform south korea) and snapdeal (largest e-commerce platform india). deals, including financing for the acquisition arm holdings plc. (world's largest chip architecture developer), issuing mandatory exchangeable bonds backed alibaba group holding limited (largest e-commerce company the world), hybrid bonds, and more. katsu led the establishment softbank's venture capital arm the and southeast asia. has also driven many financing ray hennessey chief strategy officer ray has over years experience technology, risk management, finance, management consulting and payments. most recently, ray worked thailand implementing national payment scheme (promptpay) for banks. singapore/manila, ray was president/principal kpmg management consulting (philippines). director, spent over years deutsche bank leading finance for philippines india. hong kong, ray was executive director, head and apac coo for ubs investment bank. new york, executive director, ray led the global oprisk, sox, compliance and audit teams morgan stanley. spent years director and cio merrill lynch japan. prior that, ray spent years goldman sachs (new york/london) where was vice president the equities division. andre pemmelaar chief trading officer andre brings extensive battle-tested experience the practical application the world crypto market-making. has over years' experience the design and implementation low latency, highperformance, automated trading systems. andre spent years simplex, where spearheaded efforts develop ai-driven marketmaking algorithms. his pricing algorithms are used trade all retail traded japan. andre's algorithms continue the most selected simplex's dealers drive their marketmaking systems. andre spent years head systematic trading scotty group (sdg), the largest private non-bank jgb option market-maker volume. prior sdg, andre ran the global statistical equities arbitrage book for capital markets trading, chicago-based market-making group. ken mazzio chief compliance information security officer ken brings nearly years experience technology, information security (is), cyber security, risk management, operational risk management, audit and compliance. singapore, ken was director, head apac audit barclays bank, covering technology and the bank's large change initiatives. ken designed, implemented, and managed large bank programs enhance governance, management structures; policies and procedures comply with regulatory requirements the monetary authority singapore and other regulators. ken was with merrill lynch (ml) for years based tokyo and hong kong. asia head and later director, head technology and corporate audit, ken helped build ml's first global and privacy program across all business lines, and was responsible for implementing and managing throughout asia. seth melamed svp operations seth has over years investment banking operations experience goldman sachs (gs), across new york, tokyo, moscow, and salt lake city. seth was head equity derivatives settlements americas, managing complex derivatives settlements for institutional clients. before that, managed treasury and liquidity operations for russia, obtaining expertise payments and cash management functions for investment banks. seth led the asia derivatives prime brokerage operations japan and asia, successfully expanding the client base. was also involved initiatives with cls and swift, including enabling same-day settlement cls. seth served gs' payment subcommittee, working efforts improve payment security, anti-fraud measures, and developing the firm's global payment policy. katherine head marketing katherine the head marketing quoine. katherine was the commercial director luxola indonesia (acquired sephora-lvmh). katherine spearheaded commercial initiatives across datadriven digital marketing channels drive revenue across email, onsite, social media, paid ads, and partnerships. previously, she was the head marketing grabtaxi and grabcar indonesia (now known grab, southeast asia's largest ride hailing app). katherine was responsible for building and leading the marketing team, and helped ride volume grow more than the first quarter. before grab, katherine served the ceo office airasia (asia's largest low-cost airline) for years, managing special projects the airasia group across commercial operations, corporate strategy, policy development, and process improvement. she started her career investment banking analyst ecm libra investment bank. pavel pekanov creative director pavel founded startups ai, ml, social networking, dating, and messaging throughout prior this, ran freelance creative practice since helping clients all over the world launch their products, websites and apps. prior becoming it-oriented professional, pavel did installations (art), paintings, illustrations and music traditional designer/performer. while working creative director/art director with new businesses, pavel launched private angel investor initiative, helping startups get funding and expertise. board directors, angel investors and shareholders masaaki tanaka board director, quoine senior global advisor price waterhouse coopers international former board director morgan stanley former representative director and deputy president mitsubishi ufj financial group advisor japan financial services agency atsushi taira board director, quoine representative director, chief growth officer mistletoe inc. former chief marketing officer yahoo! japan former svp, global strategy softbank group corp. shozo isaka board director, quoine investment group leader jafco co., ltd. paul kuo former chairman international bankers association investor, quoine koh boon hwee investor, quoine david katz investor, quoine former ceo, japan credit suisse former chairman singapore telecom group former chairman development bank singapore former chairman singapore airlines limited former board director temasek holdings private limited former deputy head global government relations paypal former vice president visa inc. gen miyazawa former board member tokyo stock exchange, inc. former executive office the president the united states former foreign (diplomatic) service officer u.s. department state executive vice president president media group yahoo! japan investor, quoine hiroaki yasutake former director and managing executive officer (cto) rakuten inc. investor, quoine shin murakami executive vice president chief mobile officer yahoo! japan investor, quoine join our quoine liquid community quoine's story started when our two co-founders, mike kayamori and mario gomez lozada, met discuss forming bitcoin exchange facilitate liquidity the cryptocurrency markets. this idea evolved into quoinex, fully-functional trading platform and fiat/cryptocurrency exchange, which was launched from the beginning, quoine believes that cryptocurrency markets will enable financial inclusion globally. our mission provide global access the next generation financial services, powered cryptocurrency markets. continued enabling market liquidity and efficient price discovery cryptocurrencies with qryptos, crypto-only exchange that list the top altcoins the new crypto economy. today, have now launched quoine liquid, platform that offers world book, prime brokerage, and other services. for the first time our company history, are making our platform and product roadmap for quoine liquid available the entire world. ask for your participation part the quoine community provide feedback our business model, product, and participate together our qash token sale. join the next revolution financial services through quoine liquid. reference quoine corporate profile quoine leading global fintech firm that provides trading, exchange, and next-generation financial services powered blockchain technology. believe cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology will shape the future financial services. are also fintech company heart, focused our mission make financial services accessible all. with offices japan, singapore and vietnam, quoine combines strong network local partners with extensive team experience banking and financial products, deliver best-in-class financial services for all customers. june quoine launched quoine exchange--now known quoinex--which became one the largest bitcoin exchanges the world transaction volume. quoine offers powerful trading features, sophisticated user dashboard, and secure regulatory compliance individual and corporate customers. quoinex provides trading services for bitcoin and fiat currency pairs japanese yen, dollar, chinese renminbi, euro, dollar, indonesian rupiah, singapore dollar, philippine peso, indian rupee, and australian dollar. quoinex has exceeded usd billion transactions over the past two years. find more information about quoinex www.quoinex.com. quoine raised usd million investor funding. june quoine launched qryptos--a new cryptocurrency-only exchange and trading platform. qryptos currently beta desktop version www.qryptos.com. quoine contact details address singapore: lattice, robinson road, singapore quoine https://quoine.com quoinex https://quoinex.com qryptos https://qryptos.com website http://liquid.plus telegram t.me/quoine twitter https://twitter.com/quoine_sg facebook https://facebook.com/quoine.sg/ linkedin https://www.linkedin.com/company/quoine reddit https://www.reddit.com/r/qash/ steemit https://steemit.com/@quoineliquid youtube https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucorgjnfoogtazcvmbtsa/ featured?disable_polymer= e-mail support@quoine.com