qurito curiosity, redefined! karmesh maheshwari, founder ceo version last updated: october th, contents introduction introduction mission& vision problems solutions the quro token token sale quro token introduction quro and qurito conversions qurito the platform earning qurito's the platform spending qurito's the platform "claim" qurito quro's qurito exchange token sale token allocation prime investors prime promoters the qurito platform development platform fundamentals planning importance machine learning, nlp roadmap contact information introduction introduction qurito platform for people discover, gain and share their ideas and knowledge. the primary goal qurito deliver reliable and valuable content that free promotional spam other various forms unwanted content. result, the users the platform can grow and explore effective and efficient manner. qurito differs from other pre-existing knowledgebase platforms unique way through incentive program. qurito incorporates rewarding system, which rewards users for their contributions within the platform. this reward system will subsequently bring out more qualitative and quantitative content that will shared the platform. mission vision creating platform for curious minds that are willing share knowledge, ideas and views way that unlike any other preexisting platform. qurito will common platform for people around the globe share their knowledge, experiences and ideas while also being rewarded for the same. the aim create globalized platform where being curious and helpful can rewarding. problems many existing platforms, there lack quality content shared people the form q/a (question and answers), polls and forums. these platforms also lack structure, making nearly impossible quickly index and search for specific content. lastly, when using these platforms, you never know how reliable the information is, especially because there incentive for giving reliable and quality feedback. solutions qurito aims solve these problems bringing quality content attracting more knowledgeable, idealistic, passionate and curious people the platform. qurito will also reward users for their contributions the platform gratitude for their service, which directly increases the volume qualitative content. users the platform will also have unique rating for how reliable their profile which will solve the ongoing issue accountability that other platforms lack. maintaining easily indexable content using the latest technologies (discussed section will also enhance the overall user experience within the platform. the quro token quro token introduction after undergoing series testing, consolidating our platform's needs, and doing extensive research, the team decided that the ethereum platform was unquestionably our best choice. speed and scalability are two crucial factors that want promise the users qurito, which ethereum will ensure. qurito will run using quro tokens, which will distributed the token sale. quro tokens will have decimal places, meeting the requirements the ethereum platform. quro tokens will the driving force the platform and qurito will fraction quro, which will used platform wide. the qurito can used for variety tasks which will explained section quro and qurito conversion one qurito one quro (see below). quro qurito! qurito quro qurito the platform qurito's will integral part major operations the platform. quro tokens can deposited into the main wallet and can changed for qurito's. claiming quro tokens from qurito's discussed more section the derivation qurito virtual token ensure scalability, security and stability within the platform, which will also promote currency liquidity. the qurito has face value outside the platform until converted back into quro. earning qurito tokens the platform. teaching courses (planned) earnings polls (participating hosting) user activity the platform questions answers, likes, dislikes, comments, favourites answers likes, dislikes, favourites social media and search engine traffic forums create participate qurito's can earned two prominent ways; user activity (q/a, polls, forums) and web analytics (based social media and search engine traffic). for example, user posts question, which over the course time may receive influx views, answers, likes and favorites. result, the user who posted the question, the users who provide answers, may receive qurito's based predefined parameters and algorithms that will designed, tested and finalized the team. the same holds true for polls, surveys, forums, and any other features within the platform. the greater the contribution and traffic, the more qurito's that will rewarded. spending qurito tokens the platform. there will various ways which user can spend qurito's within the platform. for example, user can spend qurito's tokens the platform "feature" question the search results the homepage, which will attract more views. although posting question free, and always will be, paying for featured content will option for quick, efficient, and rewarding answers. polls, forums, and surveys will also have the option featured well. the user who has posted the question can also feature single answer from the numerous answers. this case, the user who provided the answer will earn qurito's. more ways spending qurito's over the platform are still being tested and decided upon amongst our developer team. you will also have the option tip and transfer amongst wallets for those who wish so. plan sponsoring user-based voting session, see what the community wants see within the platform. feature question feature poll spending qurito's creative advertisements taking lessons (planned) "claim" qurito content that posted the platform accrue qurito's over time based the criteria's discussed section ... user can withdraw the qurito tokens from the main account balance any time. the only exception that each question, answer poll that has generated qurito's over time, can only claimed once. once "claim" has been initiated, the content will longer generate qurito's the future, and the claimant's main account credited with the qurito's earned until the date the claim. [for example, user posted question one year ago. presently, the question has generated quritos over the course time. the user initiates "claim" that question, the generated quritos are transferred the main wallet account and the question longer generates qurito's further. question continues generate qurito's based factors discussed section until and unless "claim" has been initiated. the same rules will apply for all planned and unplanned forthcoming features.] quro's qurito exchange all qurito's claimed will stored the main account balance within your wallet. the qurito's can changed for quro's anytime but minimum balance qurito's mandatory for processing and incorporates fee. likewise, user can add quro's the account and change them qurito's, per the conversion discussed section use them platform wide. adding qurito's the account incorporates addition fee. [for section and please note that "claim" doesn't initiate the removal the question/answer/poll from the portal. just exempts the entity from further earnings based factors discussed ... all qurito tokens earned are completely based the factors discussed well. the exact parameters are still being researched and are not decided upon yet until know what works best for our users. the parameters and the qurito quro conversion fees are subject minor change the platform the future required.] token sale token allocation the token sale will take place two major phases which can seen the figure below. dynamic token pricing also clearly mentioned the corresponding time duration. tokens will allotted soon possible after all required payment confirmations are met. tokens can withdrawn only after the end the token sale, the same will communicated through our official channels. phases token sale: token sale months) pre sale approx month usd/ token) main sale approx month usd/ token) please refer our website for all the detailed info and the exact dates. token allocation: purpose tokens token sale reserved for platform-wide utilization developers foundation building promotions, rewards bonuses total the distribution tokens can clearly seen the above table. total tokens will issued with hard cap usd. the token sale ends once the hard cap reached, until the ico ends. all unsold tokens will burned. tokens reserved for platform-wide use will only utilized within the platform over time. the end the token sale, for the percentage unsold tokens, the same percentage tokens will burnt the platform wide token reserve. information about promotions, rewards and bonuses will shared via the communication channels. prime investors the top investors the end the crowdsale are invited the prime investor's board. prime investors will receive bonus tokens the end the crowdsale after complete audit done. the prime investors leaderboard will displayed during the main sale the prime investors section the crowd sale website. the bonus allocations can seen the below table. rankings total bonuses (tokens) (each) (each) (each) prime promoters although appreciate all types healthy promotion the platform, prime promoters will the people communities promoting our platform creative and effective way. prime promoters will rewarded based their volume and the quality promotional activities with respect the criterions finalized the promotions department. the department will communicate directly via communication channels. registration and verification required for enrolling the prime promoters program and the same will notified via dedicated communication channels. enroll yourself promotions@qurito.io. important points the minimum and maximum allocations for purchasing during the crowdsale between and quro's (not factoring rewards). any unsold tokens the token sale will burnt. audited report will released within weeks after the tokens sale. for the number tokens that unsold and burnt the token sale, matching amount will burnt the platform wide token allocation. adjustments can made the token allocations other branches based the token sale results per the phases. case any such decision, the same will communicated. any unused tokens the promotions, rewards and bonuses will added the developers foundation fund after applying the burnout required. token distribution will start after the end token sale. token transfer private wallets will possible only after that. the same will communicated the portal. the qurito platform development platform fundamentals planning the platform development planning equip the latest and futuristic technologies. the same has been planned over the course months taking into consideration all the technicalities and important factors such as; design (an outstanding unforgettable ux), programming powerful backend engine, hosting the content over popular and reliable platform. modern and smart technologies like machine learning and are planned tightly incorporated with the system. seo will enable maximum content outreach. the detailed internal technicalities are hidden ensure platform security. moreover, design will given the foremost importance the entire development cycle. the plan build responsive web application ideal for cross-platform and mobile applications. plan offering ios and android apps later time. importance machine learning, nlp machine learning and will play major role the platform, aiming increase user engagement, populating and loading related content and other various features. collaboration nlp, with the above mentioned smart technologies, will help achieve more prestigious userbase, ensuring quality content delivery, continuous filtering of; spam, irrelevant, unwanted content shared the platform. timeline may, july, november december, january, january, june, august, planning and initial team building technical and market research, building task forces prior ico crowd funding via ico token sale shifting office premises work force recruitment platform development begins platform release beta version (for testing) (investors registered beta testing program will invited join) final platform public release dates are subject extension case unavoidable circumstances. please check the roadmap the official website for the exact dates. keep subscribed our communication channels stay updated.) contact information feel free reach out. our team there help you the below platforms. website: http://www.qurito.io telegram: https://t.me/qurito email: info@qurito.io support@qurito.io bitcoin talk: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic= facebook: https://www.facebook.com/qurito twitter: https://twitter.com/quritoofficial