cryptocurrency exchange sell and buy crypto assets around the world for local payment methods contents business overview the problem are solving our solution our value proposition market analysis cryptocurrency market value growth the volume cryptocurrency wallets users payments using cryptocurrencies cryptocurrencies exchange platformse outlook and future value the market why now perfect investment momentum competition competitive analysis qvolta localbitcoins our strategy the vision and mission strategy outlook short-term targets long-term goals product development outlook marketing strategy influencers word-of-mouth events partnerships seo content marketing social media advertising email marketing referral program financial plan verification qvolta wall and qvolta security the work scheme our business ico structure structure financing roadmap using token the product two kinds users qvolta platform our tariffs team business overview qvolta global exchange platform that allows users quickly and easily convert cryptocurrencies into the fiat currencies, and vice versa. have created qvolta direct response huge market problem that exists the global cryptocurrencies market. the majority countries around the world individuals are not able quickly (within minutes) and conveniently convert cryptocurrencies into fiat money. while some exchange platforms are available, most lack the scale and offer unsophisticated tech solutions, that lack security and are challenging and complicated use. contrast, qvolta will provide individuals reliable and convenient platform quickly buy sell cryptocurrencies with help the most popular payment methods for the fiat currencies available the country his/her residence. initially two cryptocurrencies will available for the exchange bitcoin and ethereum, with later envisioned addition monero and other altcoins. order ensure the best user experience well protect the users, qvolta will act guarantor for the trades executed the platform. security will further provided services qvolta wall and qvolta security. qvolta solution will available both desktop and mobile applications (ios and android). the problem are solving nowadays converting cryptocurrency into fiat money and vice versa extremely inconvenient due the following reasons: burdensome and time-consuming process. fast addition fiat currencies exchanges extremely challenging due the difficulties connecting merchant accounts enable acceptance the major payment systems. furthermore, takes average full day transfer funds from user's bank account into the exchange platform account; making instant trades challenging. the requirement participate trades. order able buy cryptocurrencies, user has participate trades without the ability quickly make the purchase fixed price and one click only. high costs. cryptocurrency wallets that offer the options cryptocurrencies purchase overcharge the users, with high commissions and added fees. our solution with the help qvolta, any resident from any country the world will have opportunity to: sell cryptocurrencies for fiat currencies using their preferred local payment methods; buy cryptocurrencies for fiat currencies using their preferred local payment methods; take advantage the guarantor services protect the transactions and secure the trades. our target audience will people who want quickly buy sell cryptocurrencies fixed price without taking part the exchange trades. qvolta solution will enable these people complete the transaction within minutes making the most time-efficient and convenient exchange platform date. guarantor services will provided secure the transactions; and user accounts will protected with our proprietary anti-fraud system. our value proposition qvolta solution will provide number benefits over other exchanges the market, ultimately offering unparalleled value proposition for the users: convenient easy-to-use interface low commission rates and hidden fees availability mobile application, and easy integration for the user between desktop mobile fast support for all the operations, including dispute-resolution; and strong emphasis customer service guarantor system and high security the platform global reach and presence all countries globally market analysis the market cryptocurrencies one the fastest-growing and most promising industries globally. using the insights from global benchmarking study conducted cambridge university, and supported additional analytics from key industry organizations, have outlined below some the key industry facts and trends. cryptocurrency market value growth while the markets have long been sceptical about the growth cryptocurrencies due lack regulation and security concerns, has proven year that clearly shows cryptocurrencies will crucial part the future. since early the total cryptocurrency market capitalisation has increased more than reaching nearly billion april july total capitalization cryptocurrencies has increased over $m, posting unprecedented increase. the trend has been universal with most the cryptocurrencies gaining value the back the overall positive trend. consumers are estimated have owned cryptocurrency, which amounts around million people the alone. based calculations using their own user data, coinbase and ark research estimate that around million people around the world have owned bitcoin. currently, the core value the market continues lie with bitcoin; followed ethereum and ripple. however, the future other cryptocurrencies are expected consistently grow further, eventually gaining greater share the overall market. the volume cryptocurrency wallets users the total number wallets difficult estimate, though global benchmarking study calculates using the data collected from study participants; together with the available data the number software downloads major wallet providers and bitcoin's reference implementation. using the conservative assumption that one software download equivalent one wallet created, estimated that the total number wallets globally has amounted million increase over the level million. reality, the figure expected significantly higher given that one cryptocurrency user would potentially have more than one wallet; and that the calculation excluded data opensource wallets. among these, the study estimated that the percentage active wallets ranged from low high total wallets, depending the type provider; and therefore can assumed that the number active wallets currently between million and million the number users cryptocurrency wallets was calculated based the number active wallets, assuming that average user owns two wallets (and excluding people who used exchanges wallet those who use the services payment operators, platforms, which have the ability store cryptocurrency). according the global benchmarking study, based the assumptions underlined the current number unique active users cryptocurrency wallets estimated between million and million, illustrated the figure below. payments using cryptocurrencies the global benchmarking study has surveyed companies that use cryptocurrency payment method, countries. these payment companies have existing relationships with banking institutions and payment networks, however, they cite the difficulty obtaining and maintaining these relationships the sector's biggest challenge. merchant services, which mainly consist processing payments for merchants that accept cryptocurrencies, the most widely offered payment service survey respondents agree). payment companies exclusively process national-to-national currency payments, whereas half payment companies not process any national-to-national payments all. also, the report underlines that the bitcoin network used surveyed payment companies main payment rail for cross-border transactions. licensing for cryptocurrency companies much more common than the absence such requirements, and payment companies have formal government license; all payment type activities, platforms providing payment services are most likely have license (%). besides, payment companies perform kyc/aml checks. cryptocurrencies exchange platforms globally there are currently cryptocurrencies exchange platforms countries the world. according the study, small exchanges hold formal government license compared only large exchanges. all exchanges asia-pacific region have licenses, which comes into the sharp contract north-american exchanges where exchanges have such licenses. exchanges take custody user funds, which can attract hackers while let users control keys. for better security exchanges use cold-storage systems; average funds are kept cold storage. also, multisignature architecture supported large exchanges and small exchanges most the exchanges follow traditional architecture, and there only one global exchange platform localbitcoin. while still relatively small has recently seen significant increase the trade volume, reflecting generally higher demand for cryptocurrencies (volumes reached all-time highs since early particularly high growth emerging countries located asia, africa, middle east and eastern europe. outlook and future value the market while the growth the market very challenging predict, according saxo bank, bitcoin could make percent the trillion average daily volume the foreign exchange market years. its market capitalization could grow trillion which would make each bitcoin worth enormous growth potential market. why now perfect investment momentum improved security and technology the security bitcoin has now been proven eight years with downtime and breaches the public open source codebase. furthermore, additional driver this latest growth the crypto space can explained the increase smart contract awareness and anonymous block chain technologies, with more and more sophisticated solutions emerging the market. increasing investment wave and rising interest the market the growth further supported the enormous investments inflow practically all cryptocurrencies. the adoption cryptocurrencies has been universal, with multiple large companies, banks and funds now working investing block chain projects. ibm alone has block chain projects underway with corporate companies. changing regulation once being key obstacle, regulation today increasingly becoming positive force for cryptocurrencies growth. japanese government has recently formally recognized the bitcoin april, giving greater legitimacy asia's richest major economy. other countries are expected follow shortly, with steady growth international money-transfer services that use bitcoin daily. relatively low competition while the potential the market has long been recognized, has been not until when the growth cryptocurrencies has exploded. given the currently large capitalization the market and huge volume there growing number services and startups trying tap into the newly emerged market opportunity. however, even with increasing interest the sector the number players still relatively low, with significant room existing for new entrants. the competition limited yet the scale already sufficient minimize the risks, cryptocurrencies sector presents perfect momentum for new strong incumbents enter the market. competition there are number direct and indirect competitors globally. broader sense, will competing with multiple companies worldwide that are offering services related exchange cryptocurrencies, either other currencies into cash. these include traditional exchanges like bitstamp, btc-e, bitfinex, kraken etc. that differ from solutions your funds are hold until the sell buy order executed. narrower sense, our competitors will represented the cryptocurrencies exchange platforms that currently exist the market. the key distinction between the traditional exchange the business and operations framework, where platforms not hold the user funds and instead just match the buyers and sellers; also providing much demanded privacy for the transactions. our key direct competitor localbitcoins, peer-to-peer marketplace that matches users wanting buy sell bitcoin. other solutions exist the market with various set features and functionalities. however, those are relatively small, lacking the sophisticated technology platform well scale and sufficient user seller volume complete globally (coinffeine, bitsquare, bitkan, paxful etc). with the market being incredibly large and growing, there clearly room well increasing need for more quality platforms the market. while localbitcoins currently the leader cryptocurrency exchange market, strongly believe that our solution will provide solid edge over the rival, with unparalleled value proposition for the users and hence ability sustain long-term competitive advantage the marketplace. detailed side-by-side comparison against the localbitcoins can found the table below: competitive analysis qvolta localbitcoins qvolta localbitcoins fees low high cryptocurrencies available for exchange multiple (bitcoin) security technology sophistication high high mobile application available easy use and attractive interface deposit cryptocurrency for trades yes summary our strategy the vision and mission our vision grow into no. cryptocurrency exchange platform the world, delivering unparalleled value proposition for the users and strong returns for the investors; and ultimately driving the creation the new financial ecosystem grounded the interaction between the blockchain and fiat currencies our mission foster the adoption cryptocurrencies usage globally, driving increased adoption altcoins and greater awareness among general population strategy outlook our key focus will continuous investment product development and platform improvement order make sure our technology retains its technological lead the market. plan add multiple additional functionalities and features move forward, well focus excellent customer service distinguish ourselves from the rivals such localbitcoins. geography wise, plan launch the product european union, usa and russia first year, later second year expand the key customer markets latin america, then asia, australia, other world third year.our vision and go-to-market strategy illustrated the graph below. short-term targets securing all the necessary government permits and licenses for the cryptocurrencies exchange those countries, where the sector regulated the law focusing driving strong user growth, targeting both those users that are already familiar with cryptocurrencies exchanges well those that have just shown interest the sector long-term goals achieving least market share the exchange sector; growing into the first platform choice for both individual users well businesses investing heavily product development ensuring the best tech platform the industry expanding the business globally, ensure presence and strong brand awareness each key region the world product development outlook our key focus and investments will targeted towards creating solid, secure and sophisticated platform with easy-touse and attractive interface. the first few months, the emphasis will building the core features and functionalities the product, well organizing the access all conducted icos from the user's personal cabinet. will aim create reliable system for transactions with fiat currencies based blockchain for fast cross-border payments for both individuals well legal parties. the future, also envision multiple additional functionalities and features improve the user experience and strengthen our value proposition. among the envisioned development, foresee: building merchant accounts that both individual users and businesses could quickly and conveniently receive send payments adding new altcoins the portfolio available cryptocurrencies assisting opening bank accounts cryptocurrencies and fiat currencies for individuals and legal parties marketing strategy have devised well-rounded marketing plan aimed quickly build awareness the qvolta brand and rapidly gain recognition the target market. our user acquisition plan based number key strategies that will employed over the next years; with strong focus social media advertising and word-of-mouth the launch phase; and higher investment budgets for traditional advertising and qvolta continues scale and expande influencers word-of-mouth one the key steps our marketing plan establishing credibility the brand early on; while gaining lot brand coverage and heavy exposure the target audience. this will done through collaborations with influencers various fields attached cryptocurrencies, who will promoting qvolta platform through their blogs, youtube channels and social media accounts. investment influencer advertising will allow quickly unlock multiple audiences around the world, instantly gaining credibility and trust for the brand thanks the real, personal and storybased advertising. the same time, through utilizing influencer reach out platforms and tools will also able significantly save marketing costs compared traditional advertising. order further encourage rapid user sign-ups will build referral program where users are encouraged share the brand with their friends acquaintances, return for qvolta credit and perks (similar strategies initially employed dropbox, paypal and airbnb). such strategy would allow achieve viral effect for the brand, rapidly growing user base and engagement with the platform. events partnerships part our promotion plan envision heavily involved the global cryptocurrency ecosystem, securing our position well-recognized player globally. this involves presence the important industry events and creation the mutually beneficial partnerships with other market players. key strategies build visibility the qvolta brand would involve attendance and sponsorship the key industry events, well participation bitcoin blockchain conferences attendees and later speakers experts. similarly, fundamental step our marketing strategy will creation network partners that would interested promoting qvolta solution for the referral fees; similar promotion qvolta website. our key target would companies that either offer complementary business services are interested reliable partner providing cashing our opportunities for their users (such cryptocurrencies gaming companies). seo content marketing one the key steps building visibility early would creation the blog cryptocurrencies that would driving traffic the qvolta website. will focus publishing engaging content that answers important questions for the users, otherwise covers new developments the cryptocurrencies market. the blog writing will lead and supported high quality marketing professionals, ensuring that the content not only interesting and visible the search engine results, but also written creatively enough and has interesting elements have potential viral. order ensure visibility the search results will have external seo team promoting the blog and blog articles; and ensuring presence targeted discussion lists, online forums, and groups for people with particular interests (e.g. sub reddit, facebook groups and bitcoin talk forum). social media advertising one the key communication channels for qvolta brand will presence social media platforms (facebook, instagram, twitter) ensure continuous interaction with the key audience. facebook will further utilized for the marketing ads and campaigns. while envision investments google adwords medium reach target audience, over the recent years facebook has been found more cost-efficient channel reach potential users; and thus particularly the earlier stages the focus will facebook campaigns and re-targeting tactics drive users back the qvolta website. email marketing essential part our strategy would building out the email subscriber list and sending weekly personalized newsletters with special offers and product updates sustain the engagement levels. plan engage specialists early build reputation for the brand and ensure have strong coverage the press, including relevant industry publications, tech resources and important business destinations (business insider, forbes, techcrunch). each the strategies will utilized the go-to-market plan over the next years, with some strategies being more heavily employed based the stage company's development. our vision this respect outlined the graph below: referral program our referral program will benefit both senders and recipients invitations. there will also system welcome bonuses, trader can try trade the cheapest tariff plan for the first time completely free charge. financial plan https://s.eu-central-.amazonaws.com/qvolta/qvolta+ico+financial+model.xlsx projected profit loss statement, usdm year year year year revenue costs gross profit (,) operating expenses ebitda (,) (,) (,) (,) cash flow (,) (,) (,) transactions, average transaction value, usd transactions volume, usdm commission for btc, financial ratios revenue growth, gross profit margin, ebitda margin, net income margin, marketing, revenue product development, revenue g&a (incl payroll), revenue headcount revenue per fte, usd key metrics ico financing eth price assumption, usd projected ico size, eth projected ico size, usd share, total projected ico size, eth total projected ico size, usd total share, investment breakdown, technical development marketing legal service administration the project risks profit loss graph, usdm revenue gross profit ebitda (,) (,) (,) year year year year platform transactions average transaction value, usd year year year year platform transactions marketing, revenue product development, revenue g&a(incl payroll), revenue year year year year qvolta planning obtain financing for development the platform during years. qvt will sold through the platform each year. verification will have two categories users-verified and unverified. users will decide themselves with whom conduct transactions with verified users unverified. will use verification maximally protect our users from fraudulentschemes. also verification users necessary for compliance with the kyc and aml rulesin those jurisdictions where qvolta platform will work. qvolta wall and qvolta security qvolta wall security your account. means that you will receive notification when you sign into your account, information from which device and from which address was made previous sign-in. qvolta security app that gives you personal and unique code each time you entering the platform and trying make operations the platform. the work scheme our business our service has components (as well any other working not only with cryptocurrency, but also with fiat money service has): payments/transactions with user's fiat money payments/transactions with user's cryptocurrency consider the first component, then are completely decentralized: the users' fiat money does not through our trading platform and users make payments each other directly, without our participation. the second point, course could not called completely decentralized, because orders are processed centralized escrow mechanism. ico structure date ico -.. (at the time the ico will present the finished product-a full-featured desktop version the exchange qvolta) number tokens ico value token eth qvt the official name the token qvt deposit methods ethereum date pre-ico ..-.. (at the time the pre-ico, will submit mvp) pre ico bonus there the minimum amount fund-raising for ico the date entry into the cryptocurrency exchange will announced after the completion the ico within three days date unfreezing the tokens after the ico-within three days after the date the ico after the full collection funds for the project all unsold tokens will liquidated structure financing technical development-% marketing-% legal service-% administration the project-% risks-% roadmap using token the product qvt token our product will used pay for tariff plans. the trader will have pay for tariff plan start creating offer for sale/purchase cryptocurrency the qvolta exchange. tariff plan depending its value, allows trade the cryptocurrency the amount provided for this tariff plan. all tokens are issued the singapore company qvolta pte.ltd. two kinds users qvolta platform typical users. users who want buy and sell cryptocurrency fast way. they make transactions buying selling cryptocurrency responding offer created professional trader. during this process typical users not use the qvt tokens. commission will not charged the platform for such kind users. professional traders. they make offers buying and selling cryptocurrency according the purchased tariff plan. the price tariff plan depends the amount cryptocurrency which professional traderwants buy/sell. professional traders need use qvt tokens for buying the tariff plan. our tariffs each tariff plan includes the total amount crypto currency that professional trader can sell buy creating appropriate offering through the qvolta platform. btc eth btc qvt eth qvt btc qvt eth qvt btc qvt eth qvt btc qvt eth qvt team kirill murzin ceo, co-founder, business developer entrepreneur, economist, fintech advisor. years experience international financial sector. founder fintech finance, full-cycle consulting firm for fintech. keen interest blockchain and internet things. https://www.facebook.com/kirll.murzin https://www.linkedin.com/in/kirill-murzin-b/ viacheslav averkin ceo, co-founder, business analyst business-analyst, fintech adviser. years experience international financial sector. co-founder fintech finance, full-cycle consulting firm for fintech. blockchain enthusiast. https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id= https://www.linkedin.com/in/averkinqvolta ilia filatov cbdo, co-founder lawyer, years practice consulting for fintech startups. keen interest fintech and blockchain. https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id= https://www.linkedin.com/in/ilia-filatov-bb/ dmitry semenov development team lead, co-founder software engineer. consultant. symfony lover. with over decade experience with the full stack, part the upwork enterprise team. often speaks the conferences. when not coding for work, usually hacks together new concepts and open source libraries, simply provides q&a. https://www.facebook.com/mxnrl https://www.linkedin.com/in/mxnrl/