radium core: identity management and information validity system justin jacobeen justinj@gmail.com preface this paper assumes previous understanding blockchain technology, proof-of-work, and proof-of-stake. for more information these topics, read the bitcoin whitepaper, nakamoto, and the black coin proof-of-work explanation (earls, introduction blockchain technology provides powerful new protocol for trustless data validation and verification. bitcoin popularized this technology creating decentralized system validate the history and authenticity financial transactions. much the subsequent development around blockchain continued focus various implementation financial systems, with little attention other types data validation. while projects that support non-currency uses blockchain technology exist, substantial technical skill required, rendering them inaccessible for many people. the radium project was founded explore and develop non-financial types data validation, and make these functions available the non-technical consumer. our goal create intuitive interface that provides users with access wide range blockchain based functions. currently, are developing suite identity management, voting, and information validation tools. radium blockchain the radium platform uses proof-of-stake blockchain based blackcoin, which was chosen energy efficient alternative proof work used bitcoin. while bitcoin generates new blocks the expenditure computational resources (nakamoto, radium generates new coins splitting groups coins held individual wallets (earls, the balance wallet increases, does the probability generating the next block the chain, and claiming the block reward. for the scope this paper, person attempting generate new radium blocks order claim the reward will known "staker". spread fees all transactions the block chain require the sender pay small transaction fee. this fee intended supplement the reward the block which the transaction contained and incentivize stakers continue supporting the network. theorize that because transaction fees may occur infrequently, each individual staker will have low probability generating block with additional transaction fees. unlike most blockchains where the transaction fees are included the single block that contains the transaction, radium spreads the fees over blocks. this helps level the playing field, and allow smaller wallets better chance receiving share the transaction fees. radium smartchain radium smartchain the second component the radium system. second layer data within the radium blockchain that contains all the functions and validation information required for radium's non-financial applications. information added the smartchain using specially formulated transactions with null data (op_return outputs) capable storing information without impacting volatile memory usage apodaca identities today's online ecosystem full imposters, scammers, and hackers using fake websites, profiles, and identities for various nefarious purposes. not only does this make hard avoid these malicious actors, becomes challenging locate authentic websites, retailers, and other online entities with whom person would want interact. radium identities allow users manage their own online presence way that creates historical record their activities secured the blockchain order establish pattern trusted behavior. after creating identity, user can use that identity with all other radium functions, including file signing and voting. file signatures today's cyber-threat landscape poses difficult problem for all organizations that need safely and efficiently distribute digital files such software and media. security compromises resulting unintentional distribution malicious files can seriously damage organization's reputation, and can result lack trust and loss users. traditional methods validating file download are cumbersome and require that the user generate checksum and manually compare the result with checksum provided the publisher. using combination traditional file validation and blockchain signatures, radium enables users mark particular files official valid signing them with known radium identity. download providers, such developers and digital media distributors can sign their offerings, allowing customers prove that the files, programs, media delivered are genuine and have not been altered malicious actors the delivery process. consumers can then quickly validate files and receive immutable, blockchain secured record about the origin file, who produced it, and what time. voting from the time voting was first introduced greece cleisthenes bc, voting has served the cornerstone the democratic decision making process. unfortunately, many voting systems have been difficult secure and scale, leading recounts, contested results, and accusations fraud. radium elections blockchain-based voting platform designed restore confidence, transparency, and integrity the voting process. all election data and votes are recorded on-chain, allowing for near-time observation, counting, and verification any third party running the smartchain application. radium elections are designed for applications ranging from project management and club votes, political elections and shareholder voting. simple, reliable and secure voting systems are cornerstone free governance, and the radium elections platform available anyone with radium identity. real time voting results can viewed while voting progress and final results are available immediately after the election closes. the election results, including individual votes, will remain secured the radium blockchain and visible indefinitely. text notes placing text into blockchain not new idea. having platform that makes simple and easy is. radium notes users can insert small text notes directly into the radium blockchain. notes can used make predictions, endearments, any other type public statement that needs both security and immutability. funding from its beginning, the radium project has been funded solely the developers and through donations generous community members. the blockchain was launched with fair proof-of-work distribution phase before transitioning proof-of-stake. there was premine, and funds set aside for development. the beginning the project was sustained volunteer developers, well community members contributing cover hosting and other infrastructure costs. unfortunately, this model has not proven sustainable, and the project found itself need funding. the idea development fund, funded percentage the block reward, was brought the community and approved using the existing blockchain voting system. development fund the radium development fund will multi-signature address, with keys held the core developers well several long-standing community members. approximately every days, lump sum tokens equal the total network generation for that period will created and sent directly the development fund.. the funds will used primarily for, but not limited hiring additional developers, legal counsel, and paying for infrastructure such hosting and virtual servers. all major disbursements will put vote, allowing community members the opportunity approve disapprove the proposed use funds. disbursements from the fund will require five signatures from the keyholders order for the funds sent from the multi-signature address. excessive tokens reside the development fund, they can either destroyed returned the stakers using the spread fee protocol. the event the coins are burned, they will sent null data output, rendering them unspendable. the tokens are returned the stakers, they will spent series high-fee transactions, causing the block rewards increase for period more hours. conclusion this paper has described identity management and information validity system built upon proof-of-work blockchain. discussed the goal making these and other non-financial blockchain secured functions available the general public. included was explanation how identities, file signatures, voting, and text notes interact form the complete radium system. the financial status including the fair proof-of-work launch and need for additional funding was discussed along with the proposal supporting future development placing total tokens generated into development fund. citations nakamoto, (). bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system earls, july the missing explanation proof stake version retrieved may from http://earlz.net/view/////the-missing-explanation-of-proof-of-stake-v ersion apodaca, september). op_return and the future bitcoin. retrieved from https://bitzuma.com/posts/op-return-and-the-future-of-bitcoin/