raiden network (rdn) spec buy high volume, instant and secure token transfer without the need for global consensus overview raiden highly anticipated open-source project which started shortly after the market adoption ethereum. the goal the startup solve the scaling issues ethereum creating solution that allows two agreeing participants perform unlimited, bidirectional transfers without going through the blockchain for every transaction. overview the functionality can summarized the following: creation binding agreements called balance proofs using hash-locked transfers. establishment payment channel technology which off-chain contract between two parties. the two parties can perform almost unlimited and low cost transactions between each other instantly. the only time which the blockchain involved through the initial on-chain creation the contract and the final closing the channel. general country: team: transparent white paper: overview available stage: mvp sale period: october website: click here sale info pricing: dutch auction accepted: eth min goal: cap: escrow: smart contract bonus: n/a bonus structure token sale under the code rdn, raiden will issuing fixed supply tokens. the company notes that exactly the tokens will available for crowd sale 'dutch auction' which method that leads the continued value variability the contribution price based the length the token sale. total the tokens will held the developers raider, brainbot labs, for the development and maintenance the protocol. the balance (%) allocated towards external development fund grow the ecosystem. private sale: n/a presale: n/a checklist management team: product definition: commercial viability: volume/interest: fulfillment: there use proceeds detailed within their materials. token allocation crowsale external dev fund brainbot october report produced picolo research tokens for investors tokens issued raiden (rdn) play central role the ecosystem for the following reasons: rdn incentive focused and 'fee-based' token which aims promote innovation, competition and the creation auxiliary services the intention rdn the the platform based currency, although the company acknowledges that there nothing stopping developers from accepting any other type altcoin remuneration. there expectation that rdn will exchange listed the short term, however cannot yet confirm date. commercial strategy the commercial strategy raiden heavily focused development, deployment and market penetration. the initiative has been development for some time, highly anticipated amongst the community, hence, initial user adoption should not issue. the company holding back tokens which they claim are for continued development the protocol well way incentivise community collaboration from innovation point view. there strong focus retention and growth for commercialization. note that raiden has delayed the release their protocol since march but have produced sister version with limited functionality. management raiden has been developed brainbot technologies. the personnel involved have track record technical development success. heiko hees founder ceo previously founder pediapress. developer ethereum since oliver bunting consultant ex-director cryptocoins consulting ltd. october report produced picolo research there's still time join the picolo research backed token sale find out more continue reading strengths more large organizations including financial institutions seek incorporate ethereum transactions their business, the issue scalability, cost and time are increasingly becoming more concern (particularly for those that are seeking high volume numbers). raiden's solution leap the right direction, solving some these limitations for certain type user. the application raiden's network fintech related organizations that are focused constant interbank 'related-party' transactions significant. the network could effectively reduce costs, settlement periods and open the possibility instant remittance within various business models. the project has been open source since with approximately eight contributors the github repository. within the contents their faq's, the team have spent some time comparing other solutions the market and noting the major differences technology. the project already has significant following. weaknesses there official white paper for the project, however there summary' which provides good overview the project. believe the team decided this due the amount information already present github. the company had communicated that there would release earlier however this has not yet occurred. such delays pre-ico dampen confidence the market that the solution will delivered within appropriate time frame. the allocation the the team quite large. they note that this amount also indirectly contributed development and payment advisors/legal, however, any standard this still significant. more granular breakdown would have been appropriate. with respect the above, would then question where the proceeds the crowd sale would going. light there being official 'use proceeds,' can assumed that will for development, which would indicate 'doubling up' r&d allocation. this point time, the 'dutch auction' process makes valuation and analysis extremely difficult based deal structure. october report produced picolo research conclusion raiden network presents speculative opportunity for investors seeking take exposure innovative concept that can change the landscape ethereum and its future adoption. the solution they are seeking deploy has merit, particularly when looking specific use-cases high volume businesses that have ongoing transactional relationships with the same parties. should noted however that such solution will not applicable every use case. for business models which operate with new channels customers 'high volume' and infrequent transactions, raiden may not the appropriate solution. general, are attracted raiden and its aspirations the ethereum ecosystem, however acknowledge several concerns that result picolo research taking more speculative view: there have been previous delays with the solution significant amount tokens are being held with the founding team 'use proceeds' budget has been produced show where the money going (that can find) addition the above, the risk component the opportunity heavily correlated the deal structure, end market capitalization and liquidity. this moment time, these points are extremely hard anticipate due the nature the 'dutch auction.' with respect the preceding points, picolo research acknowledges that while there significant chance upside the long term, however, this paired with large degree risk and uncertainty. picolo research believes raiden speculative buying opportunity for those investors that have high tolerance risk and are seeking exposure for the long term only. october report produced picolo research ratings overview either concept stage, lack commercialization/conviction bordering scam. the company/tokens have merit, however there are questionable attributes and involves significant risk. investment opportunity that can considered under certain circumstances. good opportunity with significant weaknesses and clear path commercialization. high conviction opportunity investment with visible weaknesses. scam fraudulent initiative avoided all costs. risky due variety factors, investment associated with high risk losing capital. hold usually occurring updated release coverage advise maintaining current levels position sizing. neutral the opportunity has merits and room for growth, however, there are several negative aspects take into consideration which may influence the length investment. spec buy speculative opportunity for investors with higher risk tolerance. buy high conviction buying opportunity. october report produced picolo research disclaimer picolo research independent provider research cryptocurrency ico's. have not been paid, nor mandated for this research report. the views expressed within this report are picolo's its entirety. the contents this report and its attached documents have been prepared without taking account your objectives, financial situation needs. because that you should, before taking any action acquire deal in, follow recommendation (if any) respect any the financial products information mentioned downloaded from through this website, consult your own investment advisor consider whether appropriate having regard your own objectives, financial situation and needs. whilst picolo believes the information contained this report based information which considered reliable, its accuracy and completeness are not guaranteed and warranty accuracy reliability given implied and responsibility for any loss damage arising any way for any representation, act omission accepted picolo any officer, agent employee picolo its related entities. blockchaini.co all times reserves the right any time vary, without notice, the range services offered picolo and its subsidiaries, and the terms under which such services are offered. the information within this report our own opinion only and not used making decision for investment. contact http://www.picoloresearch.com admin@picoloresearch.com claymore hill, singapore october report produced picolo research