rate payment without borders whitepaper february executive summary significant problems consumers and merchants face: high processing fees and processing time trust and reputation problems lack access credit and verification rate's solution: universal token used within the entire ecosystem rate ecosystem participants single token payments solution transaction and credit scoring system incentive and reward system product architecture and development blockchain use cases security speed fees ease exchange public ledger and compliance protocol comparison product development roadmap market opportunity and business model market opportunity business model marketing and strategy network effect token crowd sale summary rtc tokens allocation funds team rate team rate advisory team legal executive summary this white paper explores global cross-border payment challenges, proposed technology solution with transformative potential, and the business and technical perspectives the proposed solution. highlights are follow: global cross-borders e-commerce has tremendous potential. alone, total gross merchandise value (gmv) for cross-border e-commerce stands usd billion, with growth rate about per annum. this expected continue annually till the global market for cross-border e-commerce will account for about usd billion, share the entire global e-commerce market. however, three significant problems continue plague the ecosystem. the existing financial infrastructure closed system, where transaction costs are high, and money moves slowly across countries, mostly due political and geographic boundaries set place human factors. many are left unserved and unbanked, especially emerging markets. high processing fees and processing time cross-border interchange and transaction fees are higher than domestic fees, often resulting additional top the total purchase amount. this due the increased number intermediaries involved: payment gateways, correspondent banks, currency exchanges, financial messaging networks who take cut the transactions. the additional risk and compliance costs, technology infrastructure costs also contribute higher processing fees and time for both the consumer and merchant. trust and reputation problem building trust difficult, and trust centrally governed big marketplaces now. there inability transfer trust from one centralized service another, and thus need establish relationship with each merchant separately. moreover, merchant consumer's history not properly recorded, there ability punish fraudulent buyers merchants. likewise, settling claims chargeback disputes usually highly contentious without trustworthy records. lack access credit globally, over billion people have access banking services, especially credit. southeast asia itself, only the million residents have bank account leaving essentially million people unbanked. without proper bank account, almost impossible borrow, save invest money through traditional financial institutions like national banks. result, most the unbanked turn alternative financial institutions like pawnshops loan sharks, where annual interest rates can unreasonable per year. rate universal blockchain-based token within wider ecosystem connecting shoppers, merchants and other intermediaries. single token payment solution: cross-border payments within the ecosystem can completed with only one step and one-time fee, making them five times cheaper and thousand times faster, compared current payment processes. for consumers, they can convert fiat currency rate tokens easily and use the tokens pay for cross-border purchases transparent fashion. for merchants, simple integration with the rate payment gateway allows them accept rate tokens and convert them local fiat currencies their choice easily. transaction and credit scoring system: the blockchain will record information captured all transactions including but not limited to: time required make the transaction, wallet addresses, warranty conditions, delivery time, reviews, etc. apart from helping both consumers and merchants solve claims fraud, the smart contract will automatically change the trust level for each the parties involved. additionally, tapping the consumers' transaction history and other identity data, rate can issue credible credit score these consumers and offer them affordable credit through partnerships with other lending institutions. incentive system for all participants: the value any ecosystem lies the twosided network effects. with more consumers the ecosystem, merchants are more attracted join the rate network. likewise, with more merchants, there are better incentives for consumers join. with rate tokens, cash-back incentives can easily programmed through smart contracts retain consumers. for merchants, they can create incentives for consumers easily too. moreover, this can all applied and facilitated instantaneously through the rate network. rate the most suitable this, given our existing products, users and networks. founded rate fintech startup focused cross-border e-commerce transactions. our flagship product ratex, browser extension which enables easy payments with exchange rates more favorable than those offered paypal, credit card companies banks. ratex aims eliminate hidden transaction fees and unfavorable exchange rates incurred consumers when they purchase overseas products. additionally, ratex aggregates coupon codes from various merchants and allows users apply all coupon codes single click during checkout. apart from ratex, rate has newer product: rates, mobile app with the features the ratex extension but also additional element deal discovery. the founding team rate comprises mr. goh jian kai (jake), the chief executive officer (ceo), mr. davis gay and mr. lim jing rong, the chief technology officers (cto). including the three founders, rate currently has eighteen employees and this number will increase the firm continues grow after successfully closing its preseries round financing. rate currently has partnerships with globally recognized e-commerce platforms such amazon, taobao, and hotels.com. our key philosophy empower consumers with the best and cheapest shopping experience, both products are entirely free for consumers. instead, rate earns affiliate fees from merchants helping them increase affiliate sales. given rate's existing operational experience the intersection between payment and cross-borders e-commerce, the rate token the most suitable one power the future the global e-commerce ecosystem. staying true our original vision, rate's business model will not charge any transaction fees from merchant and consumers. our three primary revenue streams are: digital prepaid card fees, affiliate marketing fees and credit loan interest. more details will elaborated the subsequent sections. token sale details are follow: token and token ecosystem: the exchange ratio eth rte. there soft cap eth and hard cap eth. introduction financial infrastructure that can support the internet economy continues grow necessary. observed strong organic growth and unparalleled innovation from the internet back however, established financial institutions hampered innovation and growth exchange for ensuring integrity financial transactions. there demand for new and innovative players, void filled blockchain technology. need new fair and just financial system. the challenge for such network ensuring how participants' transactions are recorded correctly. with low barrier entry, users would not trust providers police themselves. with worldwide reach, providers would not trust single entity operate the network. this paints the need for compelling alternative: decentralized system which participants ensure integrity agreeing the validity one another's transactions. such agreement hinges agreed mechanism for worldwide consensus. from the perspective global e-commerce, are experiencing unprecedented boom. alone, total gross merchandise value (gmv) for cross-border ecommerce stands usd billion, with growth rate about per annum. this expected continue annually until the global market for cross-border e-commerce will account for about usd billion gmv, share the global ecommerce market. however, within the entire ecosystem, both consumers and merchants face three primary problems: high processing fees and slow processing time for cross-borders e-commerce trust and reputation issues poor access credit developing nations high processing fees and time for cross-border ecommerce standard domestic transaction includes five players: the consumer, the consumer's issuing bank, the processing network, the merchant's acquiring bank and the merchant. however, cross-border payments include many other players. cross-border payments are thus especially challenging, given more intermediaries and risks involved. high-level, the process such: (source: glennbrook) given the higher number intermediaries involved cross-border payments, the interchange and transaction fees are higher every intermediary wants take cut out the payments process the transactions. higher processing fees for consumers: two common scenarios are outlined below: scenario consumer pays for overseas purchase foreign currency. the bank that issued your card will first take the foreign currency and convert your domestic currency. there are fees charged for this conversion. then they add additional transaction fee top the converted amount and charge the whole amount the fee. for example, you are singaporean cardholder and you purchase item the usa for usd, the card issuer will first take the usd and convert into sgd, showing the exchange rate your statement. the exchange rate you pay will higher than the mid-market rate the day the transaction. card issuers typically charge between the value the transaction currency conversion fees. scenario consumer pays for overseas purchase local currency. the consumer purchases from foreign merchant using sgd (in other words the currency exchange has already been completed), the card issuer may charge additional second line item your credit card statement foreign transaction service fee. these are already built into the transaction. high processing fees for merchants: merchants also pay processing fee for receiving payments from consumers. transactional fees stand somewhere between per transaction plus fixed fee between usd and usd for example: every time someone makes transaction for usd the merchant average pays usd for banks, credit card associations, payment gateways and processors. top transactional fees, some merchants might have pay for incidental fees that include address verification service (avs), voice authorization fees (vaf), batch fees, and non-sufficient fund fees (nfs) for cross-border purchases. existing example would that paypal: paypal charges the merchant transaction fee currency dependent fixed fee for any cross-border transaction, instead the usual for domestic transactions. high processing time for merchants: reconciliation between the consumer's issuing bank, payment networks and merchants' acquiring bank can often take days. for payments higher amounts, can take week even more. for small merchants who require the cash flow their business, this presents tremendous challenge business operations. these higher fees and processing time are the byproducts the friction that exist between our economic borders today. trust and reputation problems key source friction cross-border e-commerce today the lack reliable metrics pertaining the trustworthiness buyers and sellers. this undermines confidence and reduces the likelihood potential transactions being seen through completion, particularly complex cross-border scenarios. while the current reputation systems within online marketplaces address this problem part, such systems tend generate reputation scores based user ratings alone, which can subjected abuse parties with vested interests. moreover, they are typically not-transferable other marketplaces contexts. there reliable trust mechanism for consumers trust merchants, given how the current system can and has already been often subject fraudulent merchants. this especially prevalent and risky cross-border e-commerce, since global merchants might reside outside the legal reach and jurisdiction marketplaces consumers. there ability punish fraudulent consumers and reflect that their history. most fraud happens due stolen cards stolen credit card information. consumer card fraud reached us$. billion figure expected rise us$. billion according advanced payment report online merchants mention how fraud will remain prime concern for online payments. large e-commerce and mcommerce merchants lose and revenues respectively fraud according true cost fraud study. poor access credit southeast-asia financial inclusion right and the financial disenfranchisement large numbers the world's poorest people grave issue. lack access basic financial services has created major barriers for people overcome poverty making almost impossible for them save, borrow invest money properly. need worldwide financial network open anyone, that new organizations can join and extend financial access these unserved communities. more importantly, financial services today have erected high barriers entry and are highly exclusive. this exclusivity conflicts with the goal organic growth growth demands the entrance new participants who very often possess only modest financial and computing resources. the situation more somber than can imagine. globally, over billion people have access banking services, especially credit. southeast asia itself, only the million residents have bank account leaving million people unbanked. without proper bank account, almost impossible save, borrow invest money through traditional financial institutions. result, most the unbanked turn alternative financial institutions like pawnshops loan sharks, where interest rates can unreasonable per annum. solution rate's solution: payment token that aims empower e-commerce participants via transaction scoring and build decentralized trust and reputable network within the ecosystem rate aims empower flat global economy for global cross-borders commerce thrive and include all participants. several conditions are thus required: transparent and simple payment process for all parties system which trust decentralized amongst all parties fast processing time for merchants receive payments easy access credit for consumers will this through creating ecosystem with three key features: single token payment solution transaction and credit scoring system incentive and reward system for all participants ecosystem and key participants rate the rate ecosystem facilitates cross-borders e-commerce through establishment single unified token. rate' role includes: rate' token creation and the token launch fund development expansion establishment decentralized, fair and secure model for order execution development smart contracts run the order payment fulfillment process creation effective incentive model for all join the rate ecosystem development active marketing campaign ignite initial traction elaboration the ecosystem's regulatory aspects consumers consumers are individual shoppers who want purchase cross-borders products from merchants. orders can placed web browsers via the ratex chrome extension rates mobile app, through fiat currencies rate tokens. consumers' role includes: exchange fiat currency for rate tokens through ratex extension rates app search products listed merchants, make orders and pay for them review merchants after every transaction participate feedback requests from merchants receive promotion, loyalty and feedback incentives from merchants rate merchants merchants are the parties receive rate tokens from consumers and complete the fulfilment goods. merchants' role includes: purchasing raw supplies from suppliers with rate tokens fiat currencies receiving rate tokens fiat currencies from consumers design promotion, loyalty, and feedback schemes for consumers review consumers after every transaction other intermediaries intermediaries include both suppliers and other financial institutions. suppliers provide raw materials work-in-progress goods for merchants. other financial institutions provide affordable credit consumers. single token payments solution within the entire ecosystem lies primary universal medium exchange: the rate token (rte). how works the amount needed pay converted the selected stellar-based token from traditional currency real-time. money arrives the merchant's smart contract wallet almost instantaneously. the amount stellar-based currency received exchanged merchant's preferred fiat currency according the merchant's preference crypto exchange api. through stellar's network anchors, the rte received can easily converted the merchant's preferred fiat crypto-currency through pathfinding algorithms and network. the same time, merchants will have the option choose the frequency which crypto tokens are converted fiat, the local currency exchange to, time sending money their bank account, and many other options. key benefits the transaction goes from customer merchant directly, foregoing all the intermediaries the process and saving merchants significant amount time and money. there longer any need for the merchant close settle anything. the settlement and closing happens concurrently during the transaction. there only step instead the original payment transactions. the merchant also need not wait days receive the funds. ultimately, will five times cheaper and thousand times faster for merchants accept payments with rate with chargeback hidden fees, and seamless user interface with smart contract-enabled wallet security. transaction and credit scoring system track every transaction and refund, while keeping entirely decentralized, trustworthy ledger which cannot tampered with. with this record, there universal trust and reputation system. how works: every time transaction made, the stellar blockchain will record and save the time the transaction, both receiving and sending addresses, warranty conditions, delivery time, and all other information that typically needed ensure the trust. all sensitive information will hashed and only made available authorized users through user-friendly platform. based the information, clients and merchants will able objectively and transparently file solve claims, rate each other, among others. for first time participants, default trust rates will created for both merchant and client within the rate ecosystem. trust rating will assigned specific wallet address. every time transaction action made, the smart contract will automatically change the trust level for each the parties involved necessary. the merchant trust rating once the merchant starts accepting $rte tokens, default trust rating will created. smart contracts will automatically change the trust rating according the behavior the merchant. some factors affecting trust rating for merchants include: does the merchant react claims from clients? how much does the merchant react? clients rate the merchant for delivering products promised: time, advertised and good quality? does the merchant have good reviews from clients? different weights will assigned different actions. the trust rating will visible everyone the most common and typical places, such the merchant's website mobile app. the only way the merchant can increase the trust rating providing products services advertised and good condition. consumer's trust rating the main reason create trust rating for the consumer decrease the likelihood fraudulent buyers and offer loyalty features for trustful buyers. once consumer buys something from merchant using rate for the first time, the default trust rating for that client will automatically created and linked the wallet address that client. the client trust rating will updated automatically the smart contract based his her behavior. different weights will assigned different actions. some factors affecting trust rating for consumers include: what the consumer's purchase history? (behavior, frequency, etc.) what the consumer's claim history? how many claims has the consumer made? are those claims being resolved with merchants? have there been any past incidence fraud? important that merchants have information about the consumer. the most important thing for merchant avoid habitually fraudulent consumer. the case fraudulent transactions, the merchant will able decrease the client's trust rating significantly. other merchants will then able decide whether they want sell products client with low trust rating. claims, reviews and conflict management every purchase will saved the blockchain together with the time the transaction, both receiving and sending addresses, warranty conditions, estimated delivery date, the product that was bought and all other information that typically needed ensure trust. the following information will available both parties: the merchant will have all the information about every transaction with the abovementioned details his profile the rate system. the client will able see all his purchases together with the above-mentioned details only his profile within the rates mobile app. based that information, parties will have opportunity file/resolve claims, review, and rate each other transparent way. smart contracts will automatically decrease increase the trust rating. management conflict resolution through smart contracts will help each party resolve issues faster, easier, and cheaper and merchants will not incur chargeback fees. stage cross-border credit scoring system through the transaction scoring system, will collect trove valuable financial transactional data about any consumer. aim improve the current credit ecosystem creating globally portable and inclusive credit profile, reducing the need for opaque credit scoring and unnecessary documentation. this means both traditional fiat and digital asset lenders can extend credit the billion people who are under-banked and underserved. our credit score derived from four distinct aspects: identity attesters historical transactional and credit information ancillary information peer scoring each the dimension weighted the following formula: g(x) ... the weightage will change for different participants. for instance, for participant who has little past transactions with rate, might more heavily weighted towards peer scoring this way, the participant not unfairly penalized. identity attesters line with compliance and kyc/aml needs, conduct kyc through various identity attesters: electronic verification: verification identity data cross-checking supplied information with multitude public records, private records and governments from around the world. documentary verification: verification identity document like passport driver's license and whether the image the person the document matches the user submitting the scan the document. social verification: verification the identity information users via social networks like facebook and analyzing their friend graph help reduce fraud. sanction screening: ensuring that consumer not one the many global sanction programs operated various governments around the world. politically exposed persons: ensuring that consumer not considered politically exposed person (someone with prominent political function who high risk potential bribery corruption involvement). historical transactional and credit information the initial rate credit score computes simple score based on: transaction history with rate past and current debt obligations length late payment total amount paid total amount owed number past loans longest repayment history file average payment total per month total amount repaid across all reported information and attesters make prediction from these indicators, will calculate multivariate logistic regression. the indicators above would represented vector each indicator will also have corresponding weight such that our logic is: g(x) ... and our regression expressed g(c) r(c) g(c) where offset, the weight for the indicator, and consumer the network. the initial stage, each indicator bucketed into discrete category. for example, "total amount paid across all reported information and attesters" will initially included taking round(log(total)) reduce the variable down bucketing order magnitude. the transformation continuous indicators into discrete values requires adding dummy variables for each indicator. for example, has discrete outcomes then the actual calculation would where each dummy variable for and the corresponding weight. the final calculated score will scaled that between and ancillary information: will also introduce wider pool data sets that include, but not limited to: prepaid mobile top ups historical remittance transactions convenience stores' payment data mobile phone usage peer scoring: once have sufficient scale, will rely peer-to-peer identity attestations further enhance credit worthiness. during this stage account maturity, consumer's rate credit score will weighted average the rate credit score each peer the user has staked, capped maximum the equation follow: min rpi using the stellar network and having information decentralized authorized participants, the rate credit score can updated real-time. ultimately, make easy for lenders transition the blockchain offering new, compliant way for them access new credit markets. incentive system for all participants can provide incentives accordingly for all participants the network. likewise, merchants can use incentivize consumers easily. for rate: instant cashback through partnerships with various merchants, rate can offer instant cashback schemes for consumers who shop with rate tokens. traditional cashback schemes with fiat currencies are often slow passing the cashback payments back consumers and consumers often need keep close eye their "cookies" their browser. the other hand, merchants can directly incentivize their loyal customers with rte tokens which they can spend other e-commerce products exchange other fiat currencies. referral rate will create the rte reserve fund part the token generation event with the primary goal use these tokens referral bonuses new customers and popularize the rate ecosystem. for merchants: loyalty loyalty reward mechanisms one the best ways for merchants reward long-term customers and retain them paying consumers. payments are processed smart contracts, making possible provide objective proof that consumer eligible for reward. merchants can directly set the rules such reward type, expiration date, product lists that the reward can spent on, amount, etc. loyalty reward instruments will coded smart contract, which accepts reward funds from the manufacturer and distributes them those who provide proofs eligibility linked consumer wallets. promotion automated promotion reward mechanisms will built incentivize consumers make first order. the promotion reward mechanism will coded into the smart contracts, where merchants can set the rules (expiration date, list products, customer parameters, etc.) and deposit tokens that can only used buy pre-defined products during limited period time. cross-marketing cross-marketing mechanisms will used merchants promote products new audiences and generate more sales. merchants can find partners, other merchants that have created custom apps and sell complementary products, and cross-promote each other. cross-marketing reward instruments will coded into smart contracts, where the product details and reward rules are specified. the cross-marketing mechanism intends incentivize merchants share app traffic with other merchants and help consumers discover more products. feedback merchant, seeking receive direct customer feedback their products will able incentivize consumers with rte tokens motivate them participate. the feedback reward mechanism allows merchants set specific set parameters and create focus group consumers from whom manufacturer wants receive feedback. the consumer data will not shared with merchants and will initially centrally processed the rte platform, but later decentralized consumers will provide privacypreserving proofs eligibility which enable them submit feedback without being identified. product architecture and development platform the concept rate clear and simple; require equally clear, simple and yet sophisticated platform manage our tokens. the key considerations choosing blockchain platform are reputation, security, speed, transactional costs and whether aligns with the planned business solution. rate will leveraging the stellar platform for the issuance $rte tokens. stellar highly sophisticated and secure platform for payments. trusted major banks and reputable companies such ibm, deloitte and stripe. development and management proprietary blockchain solutions carry certain security risks that the stellar platform inherently protects against. the rate concept development, ecosystem and solution also matured, and developing stellar will enable better focus resources building consumerfacing applications, marketing, business development, and expanding acceptance across our target corridors. security expressibility rate will built the stellar blockchain. while stellar less expressive than ethereum, the simplicity its transaction model creates fewer pitfalls and hence can improve the security applications that not require the full generality turingcomplete smart contracts. simply put, stellar's model atomic multi-operation transactions leads more auditable code, limits uncertainty, and decreases the risk harm from bad actors who may exploit program vulnerabilities. moreover, stellar optionally allowing issuers reserve the ability freeze tokens the event there misuse. hence, recovery from compromise need not rely the willingness validators miners execute irregular state change bail them out. ethereum's turingcomplete programming capabilities produces less auditable code and greater risk exploitable vulnerabilities. validation selection additional security feature that organizations have the option choose which nodes can validate their transactions. this particularly helpful there are malicious validators the network the organization's tokens represent some real-world asset that cannot double-redeemed. for example, suppose some token represents pound gold. the token were issued ethereum bitcoin, any fork could sow confusion and risk double-redemption. however, stellar, organizations can preselect which validators have the "legitimate" version their token. scp (stellar consensus protocol) (source: stellar consensus protocol code) inspired bitcoin, scp (stellar consensus protocol) the first provably safe construction for fba (federated byzantine agreement). also adds the ability tolerate non-rational actors environment with low computing power. scp provides way reach consensus without relying closed system accurately record financial transactions. scp the first provably safe consensus mechanism that simultaneously enjoys four key properties: decentralized control, low latency, flexible trust, and asymptotic security, unlike most existing approaches consensus. fba protocol, scp guarantees safety the face non-rational behavior and requires only modest computing resources, lowering the barrier entry. live data stored standard sql databases and served clients from external web servers reading those databases. long-term cryptographic data written commodity public storage service flat files standard xdr (external data representation) binary form and can freely downloaded mirrored. transactions are now collections simple operations that can composed variety ways supporting multisignatures and other innovative arrangements. scp guarantees that long nodes maintain simple rules when choosing whom trust, the system will protect them from byzantine failures the greatest extent mathematically possible. maximize the resilience the scp network, new nodes should establish connections that maximize the interconnectivity the network. with high level interconnectivity, attacker would have compromise unrealistic number nodes break the quorum intersection property underlying scp's safety guarantee. prof. david mazieres describes the technical process consensus his white paper. conclude, building rate top scp, guarantees that the safety more established nodes unaffected the choices made unestablished nodes, and the system will very well protected from byzantine failures. speed stellar designed from scratch global distributed payments system that supports large scale transactions. this made possible narrowed scope smart contracts meant for payment transaction and scp. takes median seconds process stellar compared approximately minutes ethereum. normal hardware (basically machine with ssd drive only), stellar could support transactions per second (t/s). this transaction speed can increased with more nodes better hardware. barclays africa's chief executive for corporate and investment banking, stephen van coller said that they can transactions test with deloitte. for comparison, bitcoin does transactions per second. etherum does transactions per second, visa does average transactions per second current volumes and transactions per second actual capacity. fees gas building rate top the stellar exchange, there would gas fee for computations. this unlike other platforms, such ethereum. the cost transactions ethereum depends complexity computation, speed transaction, and fiat value ether. the median cost for transfer $.usd (at time writing). comparison, stellar handles transactions for $.usd fee. fixed cost ether (eth) obtains higher valuations, computation and transactions are becoming increasingly expensive. even the current order magnitude price ($-$), gas prices are costly. stellar does not require any "gas" execute programs. transaction fees are negligible stellar xlm $.), mainly discourage users with malicious intent from flooding the network with transactions. there also xlm/offer deposit, which refunded when the offer filled canceled. stellar, the fee for transaction calculated the number operations the transaction contains multiplied the base fee, which stroops xlm). for example, transaction that allows trust account's trustline (operation and sends payment that account (operation would have fee base fee stroops. the base fee can change but should not more than once every several years. ease exchange cross-asset payments currency preference addition supporting the issuing and movement assets, the rate network also able participate stellar's decentralized distributed exchange for any type asset that people have added the network. its ledger stores both balances held user accounts and offers that user accounts make buy sell assets. offers the exchange would behave similar limit orders traditional markets. account can make offers buy sell assets easily the exchange. make offer, the account must hold the asset wants sell. similarly, the account must trust the issuer the asset it's trying buy. when account makes offer, the offer checked against the existing order book (described greater detail the next paragraph) for that asset pair. the offer crosses existing offer, filled the price the existing offer. let's say that you make offer buy rte for eth. prior offer exists sell rte for eth, your original offer will accepted transaction you'll eth poorer but rte richer. however, your offer not complemented existing offer the network, your offer saved the orderbook until either taken another offer, taken payment, canceled the account that created the offer, invalidated because the account making the offer longer has the asset for sale. orderbook record outstanding orders the rate stellar network. this record sits between any two assets-in this case, let's say the assets are rubber and cotton. the orderbook records every account wanting buy rubber for cotton one side and every account wanting sell rubber for cotton the other side. some assets will have very thin nonexistent orderbook between them. that's expected, and fine discussed greater detail below, paths orders can facilitate exchange between two thinly traded assets. cross-asset payments currency preference suppose you are holding usd and want buy something from store that only accepts eur. you can create payment the rate network that will automatically convert your usd into eur. goes through the usd/eur orderbook and converts your usd the best available rate. also possible create more complicated paths asset conversion. imagine that the usd/eur orderbook has very large spread non-existent. this case, you might get better rate overall you first trade your usd for str, sell your str for aud, and lastly sell that aud for eur. therefore, potential path would hops: usd str aud eur. this path would take you through the usd/str orderbook, the str/aud orderbook and finally the aud/eur orderbook. these paths asset conversion can contain hops, but the whole payment atomic will either succeed fail. the payment sender will never left holding unwanted asset (say wheat, the given example above). this process finding the best path payment called pathfinding. pathfinding involves looking the current order-books and finding which series conversions gives you the best rate and the least spread. traditional methods transferring capital incur relatively high transactional costs (often along with flat fees regardless transaction size) due banks and other financial intermediaries having address counterparty risk and settlement clearing costs. because cross-asset payments are simple with rate, users can keep their money whatever asset they prefer hold. hence, the rate network creates very flexible and open system. imagine world where, anytime you travel, you never have exchange currency except only the point sale. world where you can choose keep all your assets in, for example, microsoft stock, and cashing out only small amounts you need pay for things. the rate network's cross-asset payments would able make this world reality. public ledger and compliance rate transactions the stellar network are public and immutable. this means that transaction and account details can looked any time and single entity will able modify the transaction records. this allows the proposed transaction scoring feature trustable and secure the network acts the single source truth for transaction details. stellar also provides tools implement kyc/aml identity verifications. rate will implementing these protocols operate the network. thus, these tools can extended businesses rate network necessary. protocol comparison comparison between stellar and ethereum stellar ethereum median confirmation time seconds minutes price negligible transaction fee xlm). xlm/offer deposit (refunded when offer filled canceled.) gas fee for computations. depends complexity computation, speed transaction and fiat value ether (median cost for transfer $.) features library base abstractions that can generate sophisticated behavior. can used encapsulate many types and forms information. security decentralized network: anyone can run stellar core node and validate transactions. can choose your validators for increased security. decentralized network: anyone can run node and validate transactions. built-in feature for choosing approved validators. atomic transactions comprise simple, declarative operations lead more auditable code and fewer security pitfalls. turing-complete programming capabilities produces less auditable code and greater risk exploitable vulnerabilities. (as july comparison between main blockchains stellar bitcoin ethereum transaction confirmation time average transaction fees transactions per second seconds hour minutes will pay for transactions per transaction per transaction transactions per second transactions per second transactions per second consensus mechanism stellar consensus protocol (scp) proof work proof work (for now) (as july other tokens crypto-currencies cryptocurrencies and blockchain will continue disrupt transactional models and eventually become mainstream; however, believe there potentially significant risk placing the economy rate and betting its future another token/coin. rate network envisioned support shoppers, merchants and other intermediaries across the globe exchange money for commerce goods related services easily with the lowest fee possible. having separate rate token helps the network work towards this goal more effectively the token and network can grow its own pace. being isolated from volatile cryptocurrency market allow the network focus improving its utility, liquidity and efficiency. development roadmap conceptualization rate network concept development final whitepaper released public erc- token generation event for network supporters development rate network development rate network smart contracts stellar testnet for payments, rewards and credit score alpha testing rate network stellar livenet improve company's existing internal operations development network apps and interfaces development desktop/mobile multi-cryptocurrency wallet. facilitate onboarding rate network for consumers. cross blockchain support get more users and awareness. development support rte payment existing products. ratex and rates will accept rte alongside with local fiat development for merchant platform and sdk help merchants accept rte payments empowering shoppers beta testing rate network with consumer apps launch singapore and sea shoppers with purchase rewards token swap from rte (erc-) rte (stellar) for early token sale empowering merchants launch singapore and sea (merchants) expansion network sea and beyond geographical expansion and growing the ecosystem market opportunity and business model market opportunity our key mission reduce the barriers entry for cross-border e-commerce and encourage global participation through lowering friction, decentralizing trust and bettering access credit. there tremendous opportunity especially southeast asia utilize blockchain facilitate participation and inclusion global commerce. the global cross-border e-commerce market accounted for usd billion gmv, about e-commerce overall. this rapid growth, however, has just begun and will continue: the cross-border market expected grow about annually until nearly twice the rate domestic e-commerce and growth rate that most traditional retail markets would dream achieving. expected account for about usd billion gmv, translating into roughly share the global ecommerce market. this growth momentum yields unrivaled opportunity for both merchants and manufacturers: (source: alipay, mckinsey) southeast asia the fastest growing internet market the world with various favorable conditions: thriving young population people under surging middle class (forecasted gdp growth for next years), lack traditional retail store access and increasing mobile usage (poised reach million internet users with roughly mobile smartphone users): cross-border e-commerce sentiments are rising well: conscious purchase decision influenced three major factors: (source: google consumer barometer) business model shoppers and merchants will always able use rate payment token for free. our revenue will come from three primary channels: digital prepaid card fees: currently, third parties like tango and blackhawk network are taking cut for helping e-commerce merchants digitize their prepaid cards. examples include amazon gift cards, alipay prepaid card. for e-commerce players that use rate network, will tokenize the individual prepaid card model significantly cheaper pricing model. affiliate marketing: e-commerce merchants spend cart sale affiliate marketing. third party players that does cashback acquire consumers behalf these e-commerce merchants take huge cut each transaction. with the rate network, will tokenize this process easily without any intermediaries. this benefit both merchants and consumers. for e-commerce marketplaces and merchants, they will pay significantly lesser fee for affiliate marketing. for consumers, they will receive instant cashback instead delay days from the traditional cashback method. loan interest: traditional banks and capital providers can extend credit consumers through the rate network. earn flat rate apr per successful loan issued. through logging their transactional data, e-commerce participants can fulfill higher order trust between them. will garner support from existing financial institutions providing them accurate credit score the consumers, suppliers and merchants the rate ecosystem. this helps generate network effect accelerate adoption amongst all participants globally. with the above alternative revenue streams, the rate network will always free use for all merchants and consumers. this helps accelerate adoption the network from both merchants and consumers, while keeping our costs low. marketing and strategy our overall adoption strategy can briefly summarized such: tap our existing users and merchants first refine the existing processes, whilst leveraging the network effect expand the participant pool the ecosystem and well-designed incentive system for retention. network effect will utilize network and ecosystem effect. more merchants and partners onboard our rate ecosystem will attract more consumers join the network and likewise vice versa. stage tapping our existing users and merchant partners given our extensive user base and current merchant partners, will focus onboarding them onto the network. early adopters our token sale will have favorable exchange ratio incentivize them. stage educating the users the wider crypto community leveraging our user base, continue extensive outreach the wider crypto community who might not our users yet. will utilize both offline and online campaigns reach out the wider community. stage broader market adoption with adequate number shoppers and merchants the network, are better position onboard intermediaries into the ecosystem. the more participants the network there are, the more valuable is. crowdsale details summary the ico crowd sale and token creation process will issued rate network pte ltd. will organized around the sale tokens through the ethereum blockchain network. the accepted currency eth soft cap: eth hard cap: eth after hard cap, token creation will stop and further contributions token sale period duration: days tokens unsold during the crowd sale will kept reserve rate token erc-, participants' wallet must erc- compatible rtc tokens issuer rate network pte ltd jurisdiction issuance singapore rte created per ether soft cap eth additional time (after soft cap reached) announced soon. hard cap eth maximum number tokens allowed ,,, tokens for token sale tokens for company tokens for listing exchanges tokens for reserve tokens for team advisors tokens for community date ico start announced soon. date ico end announced soon. allocation funds field portion budget activities technical development r&d and technical development, according roadmap partnerships merchant acquisition and engagement; partnerships with financial institutions and payment providers marketing marketing campaigns raise awareness, engagement and retention; encourage usage ecosystem for both users and partners listing fees fees paid various rd-party exchanges for listings operations business operations; incl. but not limited working with external vendors (smart contract audits, kyc/aml processes.) legal operations legal contracts, compliance costs, legal due diligence team rate team jake goh: co-founder ceo davis gay: co-founder co-cto, lim jing-rong: co-founder co-cto waihon chee: blockchain lead di: software engineer andre khong: software engineer adarrel ho: lead designer daniel olivan: marketing manager eunice er: uiux designer albert ho: country head, singapore rate advisory team yinglan tan: founder, managing partner (insignia ventures partner) aaron tan: co-founder ceo, carro koh waikit: managing partner, pavilion capital quek siu rui: co-founder ceo, carousell danny toe: founder ceo, ich group shi yi: founder ceo, dotc united group samuel chan: vice-president (asian interest rates), ing kevin li: co-founder ceo, playdate will ongkowidjaja: co-founder managing partner, alpha jwc ventures khoo lay seng: director, investments khazanah nasional fei ding'an: principal warburg pincus jianwei: managing partner, zhencheng investment koh boon hwee: ex-gic board directors chandra tjan: co-founder managing partner, alpha jwc ventures for more detailed descriptions, please refer https://rate.network. legal general information acquisition the rte tokens involves high degree risk. each potential purchaser the rte tokens should carefully consider the following information about these risks before decides buy the rte tokens. any the following risks actually occurs, the rte platform and the value the rte tokens could materially adversely affected. risks and uncertainties described below this white paper may not the only ones token holders face. additional risks and uncertainties may also materially adversely affect the rte platform the value the rte tokens. risks token risks ... lack development market for rte tokens. because there has been prior public trading market for the rte tokens, the sale the rte tokens described this white paper may not result active liquid market for the rte tokens, and their price may highly volatile. although applications have been made the cryptographic token exchanges for the rte tokens admitted trading, active public market may not develop sustained after the rte token sale. liquid trading market for the rte tokens does not develop, the price the rte tokens may become more volatile and token holder may unable sell otherwise transact the rte tokens any time. ... risks relating highly speculative traded price. the valuation digital tokens secondary market usually not transparent, and highly speculative. the rte tokens not hold any ownership rights company's assets and, therefore, are not backed any tangible asset. traded price the rte tokens can fluctuate greatly within short period time. there high risk that token holder could lose his/her entire contribution amount. the worst-case scenario, the rte tokens could rendered worthless. ... rte tokens may have value. the rte tokens may have value and there guarantee representation liquidity for the rte tokens. company parties are not and shall not responsible for liable for the market value the rte tokens, the transferability and/or liquidity the rte tokens and/or the availability any market for the rte tokens through third parties otherwise. for the purposes this section the white paper, the term "company parties" shall include company and its respective past, present and future employees, officers, directors, contractors, consultants, attorneys, accountants, financial advisors, equity holders, suppliers, vendors, service providers, parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, representatives, predecessors, successors and assigns (hereinafter this section "company parties"). ... rte tokens may non-refundable. except for provided legally binding documentation prescribed the applicable legislation, company parties are not obliged provide the rte token holders with refund related the rte tokens. promises future performance price are will made respect the rte tokens, including promise inherent value, promise continuing payments, and guarantee that the tokens will hold any particular value. therefore, the recovery spent resources may impossible may subject foreign laws regulations, which may not the same the private law the rte token holder. blockchain and software risks ... blockchain congestion risk. most blockchains used for cryptocurrencies' transactions (e.g., ethereum, stellar) are prone periodic congestion during which transactions can delayed lost. individuals may also intentionally spam the network attempt gain advantage purchasing cryptographic tokens. that may result situation where block producers may not include the purchaser's transaction when the purchaser wants the purchaser's transaction may not included all. ... risk software weaknesses. the token smart contract concept, the underlying software application and software platform are still early development stage and unproven. there are representations and warranties that the process for creating the rte tokens will uninterrupted error-free. there inherent risk that the software could contain weaknesses, vulnerabilities bugs causing, inter alia, the complete loss the cryptocurrency and/or the rte tokens. ... risk new technology. the rte platform, the rte tokens and all the matters set forth this white paper are new and untested. the rte platform and the rte tokens might not capable completion, creation, implementation adoption. possible that blockchain utilizing the rte platform will ever launched. purchaser the rte tokens should not rely the rte platform, the token smart contract the ability receive the rte tokens associated with the rte platform the future. even the rte platform completed, implemented and adopted, might not function intended, and any rte tokens may not have functionality that desirable valuable. also, technology changing rapidly, the rte platform and the rte tokens may become outdated. security risks ... risk loss private keys. the rte tokens may held token holder his digital wallet vault, which requires private key, combination private keys, for access. accordingly, loss requisite private keys associated with such token holder's digital wallet vault storing the rte tokens will result loss such rte tokens, access token holder's token balance and/or any initial balances blockchains created third parties. moreover, any third party that gains access such private keys, including gaining access login credentials hosted wallet vault service the token holder uses, may able misappropriate the token holder's rte tokens. ... lack token security. the rte tokens may subject expropriation and or/theft. hackers other malicious groups organizations may attempt interfere with the token smart contract which creates the rte tokens the rte tokens variety ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks, denial service attacks, consensus-based attacks, sybil attacks, smurfing and spoofing. furthermore, because the ethereum platform rests open source software, there the risk that ethereum smart contracts may contain intentional unintentional bugs weaknesses which may negatively affect the rte tokens result the loss rte tokens, the loss ability access control the rte tokens. the event such software bug weakness, there may remedy and holders the rte tokens are not guaranteed any remedy, refund compensation. ... attacks token smart contract. the blockchain used for the token smart contract which creates the rte tokens susceptible mining attacks, including double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks, "selfish-mining" attacks, and race condition attacks. any successful attacks present risk the token smart contract, expected proper execution and sequencing the rte token transactions, and expected proper execution and sequencing contract computations. .... failure map public key purchaser's account. failure purchaser the rte tokens map public key such purchaser's account may result third parties being unable recognize purchaser's rte token balance the ethereum blockchain when and they configure the initial balances new blockchain based upon the rte platform. .... risk incompatible wallet service. the wallet wallet service provider used for the acquisition and storage the rte tokens, has technically compatible with the rte tokens. the failure assure this may have the result that purchaser the rte tokens will not gain access his rte tokens. risks relating platform development ... risk related reliance third parties. even completed, the rte platform will rely, whole partly, third parties adopt and implement and continue develop, supply, and otherwise support it. there assurance guarantee that those third parties will complete their work, properly carry out their obligations, otherwise meet anyone's needs, all might have material adverse effect the rte platform. ... dependence rte platform senior management team. ability the senior management team which responsible for maintaining competitive position the rte platform dependent large degree the services each member that team. the loss diminution the services members respective senior management team inability attract, retain and maintain additional senior management personnel could have material adverse effect the rte platform. competition for personnel with relevant expertise intense due the small number qualified individuals, and this situation seriously affects the ability retain its existing senior management and attract additional qualified senior management personnel, which could have significant adverse impact the rte platform. ... dependence rte platform various factors. the development the rte platform may abandoned for number reasons, including lack interest from the public, lack funding, lack commercial success prospects, departure key personnel. ... lack interest the rte platform. even the rte platform finished and adopted and launched, the ongoing success the rte platform relies the interest and participation third parties like developers. there can assurance guarantee that there will sufficient interest participation the rte platform. ... changes the rte platform. the rte platform still under development and may undergo significant changes over time. although the project management team intends for the rte platform have the features and specifications set forth this white paper, changes such features and specifications can made for any number reasons, any which may mean that the rte platform does not meet expectations holder the rte tokens. ... risk associated with other applications. the rte platform may give rise other, alternative projects, promoted unaffiliated third parties, under which the rte token will have intrinsic value. ... risk unfavorable fluctuation cryptocurrency value. the proceeds the sale the rte tokens will denominated cryptocurrency, and may converted into other cryptographic and fiat currencies. the value cryptocurrencies fluctuates unfavorably during after the rte token sale, the project management team may not able fund development, may not able develop maintain the rte platform the manner that intended. risks arising course company parties' business ... risk conflicts interest. company parties may engaged transactions with related parties, including respective majority shareholder, companies controlled him which owns interest, and other affiliates, and may continue the future. conflicts interest may arise between any company party's affiliates and respective company party, potentially resulting the conclusion transactions terms not determined market forces. ... risks related invalidation company parties transactions. company parties have taken variety actions relating their business that, successfully challenged for not complying with applicable legal requirements, could invalidated could result the imposition liabilities respective company party. since applicable legislation may subject many different interpretations, respective company party may not able successfully defend any challenges brought against such transactions, and the invalidation any such transactions imposition any such liability may, individually the aggregate, have material adverse effect the rte platform. ... risk arising from emerging markets. company parties some them may operate emerging markets. emerging markets are subject greater risks than more developed markets, including significant legal, economic and political risks. emerging economies are subject rapid change and that the information set out this white paper may become outdated relatively quickly. governmental risks uncertain regulatory framework. the regulatory status cryptographic tokens, digital assets and blockchain technology unclear unsettled many jurisdictions. difficult predict how whether governmental authorities will regulate such technologies. likewise difficult predict how whether any governmental authority may make changes existing laws, regulations and/or rules that will affect cryptographic tokens, digital assets, blockchain technology and its applications. such changes could negatively impact the tokens various ways, including, for example, through determination that the tokens are regulated financial instruments that require registration. company may cease the distribution the rte tokens, the development the rte platform cease operations jurisdiction the event that governmental actions make unlawful commercially undesirable continue so. ... failure obtain, maintain renew licenses and permits. although the date starting the rte token sale there are statutory requirements obliging company receive any licenses and permits necessary for carrying out its activity, there the risk that such statutory requirements may adopted the future and may relate any company parties. this case, company parties' business will depend the continuing validity such licenses and permits and its compliance with their terms. regulatory authorities will exercise considerable discretion the timing license issuance and renewal and the monitoring licensees' compliance with license terms. requirements which may imposed these authorities and which may require any company party comply with numerous standards, recruit qualified personnel, maintain necessary technical equipment and quality control systems, monitor our operations, maintain appropriate filings and, upon request, submit appropriate information the licensing authorities, may costly and time-consuming and may result delays the commencement continuation operation the rte platform. further, private individuals and the public large possess rights comment and otherwise engage the licensing process, including through intervention courts and political pressure. accordingly, the licenses any company party may need may not issued renewed, issued renewed, may not issued renewed timely fashion, may involve requirements which restrict any company party's ability conduct its operations profitably. ... risk government action. the industry which company parties operate new, and may subject heightened oversight and scrutiny, including investigations enforcement actions. there can assurance that governmental authorities will not examine the operations company parties and/or pursue enforcement actions against them. all this may subject company parties judgments, settlements, fines penalties, cause company parties restructure their operations and activities cease offering certain products services, all which could harm company parties' reputation lead higher operational costs, which may turn have material adverse effect the rte tokens and/or the development the rte platform. ... risk burdensomeness applicable laws, regulations and standards. failure comply with existing laws and regulations the findings government inspections increased governmental regulation company parties operations, could result substantial additional compliance costs various sanctions, which could materially adversely affect company parties business and the rte platform. company parties operations and properties are subject regulation various government entities and agencies, connection with ongoing compliance with existing laws, regulations and standards. regulatory authorities exercise considerable discretion matters enforcement and interpretation applicable laws, regulations and standards. respective authorities have the right to, and frequently do, conduct periodic inspections any company party's operations and properties throughout the year. any such future inspections may conclude that any company party has violated laws, decrees regulations, and may unable refute such conclusions remedy the violations. any company party's failure comply with existing laws and regulations the findings government inspections may result the imposition fines penalties more severe sanctions requirements that respective company party cease certain its business activities, criminal and administrative penalties applicable respective officers. any such decisions, requirements sanctions, any increase governmental regulation respective operations, could increase company parties' costs and materially adversely affect company parties business and the rte platform. ... unlawful arbitrary government action. governmental authorities may have high degree discretion and, times, act selectively arbitrarily, without hearing prior notice, and sometimes manner that contrary law influenced political commercial considerations. moreover, the government also has the power certain circumstances, regulation government act, interfere with the performance of, nullify terminate contracts. unlawful, selective arbitrary governmental actions have reportedly included the denial withdrawal licenses, sudden and unexpected tax audits, criminal prosecutions and civil actions. federal and local government entities have also used common defects matters surrounding the token sale pretexts for court claims and other demands invalidate void any related transaction, often for political purposes. this environment, company parties' competitors may receive preferential treatment from the government, potentially giving them competitive advantage over company parties.