ravencoin: peer peer electronic system for the creation and transfer assets bruce fenton tron black www.ravencoin.org april the fictional world westeros, ravens are used messengers who carry statements truth. ravencoin use-case focused blockchain designed carry statements truth about who owns what assets. thank you the bitcoin founder and developers. the ravencoin project was launched based the hard work and continuous effort over bitcoin developers who made over commits the date the ravencoin code fork. are eternally grateful you for your diligence making secure network and for your support free and open source software development. the ravencoin project built the foundation you built. abstract. ravencoin blockchain and platform optimized for transferring assets, such tokens, from one holder another. based the extensive development and testing the utxo model the bitcoin protocol, ravencoin built fork the bitcoin code. key changes include block reward time one minute, change the number coins issued, but not the weighted distribution schedule and the addition asset creation and messaging capabilities. ravencoin free and open source. all ravencoin (rvn) are fairly issued and mined publicly and transparently using proof work (pow) using the algorithm which was created for ravencoin. there private, public, founder, developer allocation set aside. ravencoin intended prioritize security, user control, privacy, and censorship resistance. open use and development any jurisdiction, while allowing simple additional features for users based need. introduction blockchain ledger showing the quantity something controlled user. enables one transfer control that digital representation someone else. the many possible uses for blockchain technology, the reporting who owns what one its core functions. this likely why the first, and date most successful, use case for blockchain technology has been bitcoin, which was announced satoshi nakamoto october []. the ethereum erc protocol and other projects show tokenized assets that use another blockchain can created with wide variety purposes and structures. tokens offer several advantages traditional shares other participation mechanisms, e.g. faster transfer speed, increased user control and censorship resistance, and reduction elimination the need for trusted third party. bitcoin also has the capability serving the rails for tokens using projects like omnilayer, rsk, counterparty. however, neither bitcoin nor ethereum were specifically designed for facilitating ownership additional assets, and the users and development teams generally prioritize other features. ravencoin designed efficiently handle one specific function well: the transfer assets from one party another. one goal the raven protocol create use case focused blockchain and development effort which can create code, providing advantages for specific use cases, while contributing open source code which could used bitcoin other projects. the global economy influenced actors using various blockchains, then the way capital markets work today could also change. borders and jurisdictions may become less relevant more assets become tradable and trading across borders grows increasingly frictionless. age where people can move significant amounts wealth instantly using bitcoin, global consumers will likely demand the same efficiency for their securities and similar asset holdings. background tokens and other assets january bitcoin was launched peer-to-peer electronic cash system. years later, after achieved notable level security, was recognized that assets could created "on top of" embedded the bitcoin blockchain. new assets can added the bitcoin blockchain creating secure, signed, immutable bitcoin transactions which also carry information asset issuance, and transfer. there were several projects that added tokens the bitcoin blockchain. the first was mastercoin willett, followed counterparty and other projects. one category protocols developed facilitate the creation assets the bitcoin blockchain became known colored coins [], they mark bitcoin transactions with specially crafted transactions the op_return [], which like comment field the bitcoin protocol. the advantage embedding assets the bitcoin blockchain the high level security. bitcoin considered many the most secure blockchain because there tremendous amount distributed mining power that secures each block with "high difficulty hash"[]. because the distributed bitcoin nodes recognize the level effort create high difficulty hash, this makes nearly impossible re-write, modify the blockchain without prohibitively high mining investment. tamper with the bitcoin blockchain, re-write modify its ledger, would take significant efforts from investor the level nation state. the disadvantage embedding assets the bitcoin blockchain that the bitcoin rules must followed originally written, and the bitcoin nodes are unaware that assets are being embedded. this means that bitcoin transaction must used for every asset transaction, and must send enough bitcoin considered valid transaction, even though the primary purpose the transaction send the asset. that inconvenient, but major disadvantage that bitcoin client that spends that bitcoin without being aware the embedded asset transaction will destroy the asset. for example, holder the bitcoin private keys bitcoin which hold the counterparty assets, could accidentally send that bitcoin exchange wallet and lose those assets. partial solution solving this issue create special address format that used for the asset, but that doesn't prevent the mistake that may destroy the asset. just provides more clues that there asset embedded the transaction. other token standards like erc, erc and erc are built ethereum other blockchains that support smart contracts. different problem exists when using these smart contracts. since the ethereum network does not natively recognize these smart contract tokens, currently unable protect against some common problems. smart contracts can confusing for users there can multiple erc tokens with identical names. the only distinction between contracts with identical names the contract hash. full asset aware protocol level system who will not change raven for dove? the will man his reason swayed. william shakespeare the solution create bitcoin-like system that fully asset aware. system being asset aware provides two major advantages. first, allows the client and rpc commands protect the asset from being destroyed accidentally. second, allows single native client issue, track, and transfer the assets. lastly, provide security for the underlying assets, the bitcoin-like system functions only with market value, strong mining community, and wide distribution. assets assets are tokens that can issued users the raven protocol without the need mined. users the raven protocol create these assets and decide their purpose and rules independent the protocol. these assets tokens exist the ravencoin blockchain and could whatever name, denomination purpose selected the creators each asset, coin, token. the tokens are transferable and move with the same ease bitcoin, other similarly functioning cryptocurrencies. ravencoin, asset just limited quantity unique symbol, and transferable any ravencoin address. assets have been available for some time other platforms such open assets, mastercoin, counterparty, and erc[] erc token ethereum []. assets created the raven protocol have several advantages: they are easier use, tightly integrated with native coin, and secured with fair pow mining and open source code not run centralized organization. uses for assets assets tokens can used for anything the creator's imagination can conjure. the ideas presented here are sampling. representing real world custodied physical digital assets tokens gold bars silver coins physical euros land deeds comics presents energy credits (electricity, wood, gas, oil, wind) representing share project securities tokens: stock shares company where the shares are represented token rather than physical stock certificate securities partnership interests with the built-in ability pay dividends rvn (legal many free market countries) tokens which represent coop, limited partnership, royalty sharing profit sharing platform token which represents crowd-funded item with the ability transfer resell the item representing virtual goods tickets event such baltimore ravens game with the ability resell license allow activity access token use service in-game currency and items, transferable outside the game platform representing credit gift cards airline miles reward points satoshi nakamoto described bitcoin implementation wei dai's bmoney [], designed afford users more control, security, and privacy than more centralized systems. design with the potential prevent violence and discrimination, given the holder bitcoin remains private. ravencoin aims continue this implementation focusing assets other than cash, providing platform that users can easily issue assets they control under the rules they establish secure blockchain. ravencoin launch and algorithm ravencoin was announced october and released binaries for mining jan the respective ninth anniversary the announcement and launch bitcoin. ravencoin the bitcoin-like system that will allow users issue and integrate assets into its blockchain. this will accomplished phases which build upon each other. progress create platform like bitcoin with new mining algorithm, [], intended prevent immediate dominance mining pools, and future dominance asic mining equipment. launch the token with pre-mine and fair launch widely distribute the tokens. allow the mining rate increase and the value the rvn token naturally grow and gradually disburse holders that understand the value the platform. utilize proof work mining, not because burns scarce resource electricity, the requirement computer hardware, but instead focuses the most valuable part the "work" which building ever-larger and time-based wall that protects user data from future tampering and censorship with every new layer. asset issuance transfer deep into that darkness peering, long stood there wondering, fearing, doubting, dreaming dreams mortal ever dared dream before; but the silence was unbroken, and the stillness gave token. edgar allen poe, the raven token names are guaranteed unique. the first issue token with given name the owner that token project. the issuer token burns rvn and must provide unique token name. the issuer determines the quantity issued, the number decimal places, and whether they will allowed issue more the same token the future. allow the issuance other tokens using similar method mastercoin, counterparty, coinspark []. tightly integrate assets with the gui wallet and create new rpc calls, which provides intuitive asset management. easily issue new assets, report current balances, and transfer other users. the combination open source and the shared incentive mechanisms enabled blockchain based tokens enables interests aligned ways that traditional structures cannot. fair and open source token projects can replace bosses, rulers, employees and corporate structure with aligned interests economic choice for participants. so, some cases, whether one selflessly, selfishly motivated, open source may better model for many new and interesting types projects than other structures. ravencoin will allow projects issue tokens represent co-ops, corporations partnerships. co-ops, for example, are common organization form which employees and participants are owners. large organizations such credit agricole, rei, land lakes, ace hardware, co-op kobe, sunkist and ocean spray are structured co-ops. despite offering many advantages participants, co-ops are sometimes difficult structure and maintain. tokenizing co-op interests opens many new ways this structure can used allocate resources and capital. since the rules for each token can changed each issuer and the record keeping done the ravencoin blockchain with the work distributed, organizations can adapt and deploy variety participation structures. addition, since the tokens can made either unique, limited, fungible the issuer, token project managers will able have categories token holders such "class shareholders", "lifetime social club members", "benefactors", "holders game item". tokens allow easier issuance small scale public offerings. "in the future the size distribution multinationals will approach that local business. the phase change between these states may quite rapid telecom and transport costs pass through "melting point", creating wide variety new multinational small businesses, and industries support those businesses." nick szabo, secure property titles with owner authority, []. this also could decrease fraud, economist dr. robert shapiro noted significant evidence wall st. fraud which can tied custody issues (patrick byrne, phd []). only open protocol will work global economy where there are multiple jurisdictions, each with complex and conflicting regulations. rewards allow the payment rewards (or dividends) the native token. with single command the reward, denominated rvn, automatically divided evenly and sent pro-rata the holders the asset. example: young child, country that permits it, could create token that represents lemonade stand business. suppose she creates lemonade tokens. these tokens could used raise funds for the lemonade stand aud$. per lemonade token allowing her raise aud$ build her business. these tokens can sold and transferred easily the owners. suppose the lemonade stand does extraordinarily well because the neighborhood invested this entrepreneurial project. now our fictional eight-year-old wants reward those who believed her project. with one command, she can send profits denominated any value rvn may have lemonade token holders. there could even new holders lemonade tokens that she's never met. the built-in ease use should allow anyone, anywhere the world mobile phone, computer running windows, mac, linux. for such global system work will need independent regulatory jurisdictions. this not due ideological belief, but practicality: the rails for blockchain asset transfer are not censorship resistant and jurisdiction agnostic, any given jurisdiction may conflict with another. legacy systems, wealth was generally confined the jurisdiction the holder and therefore easy control based the policies that jurisdiction. because the global nature blockchain technology, any protocol level ability control wealth will potentially place jurisdictions conflict and will not able operate fairly. unique tokens unique tokens allow token holders create unique assets. like erc tokens, unique tokens are guaranteed unique and only one will exist. unique tokens can change ownership sending the unique token another user's address. some examples unique tokens: imagine art dealer issues the asset named art. the dealer can then make unique art assets attaching name serialized number each piece art. these unique tokens can transferred the new owner along with the artwork proof authenticity. the tokens art:monalisa and art:venusdemilo are not fungible and represent distinct pieces art. software developer can issue the asset with the name their software abcgame, and then assign each abcgame token unique license key. the game tokens could transferred the license transfers. each token abcgame: and abcgame: are unique tokens. game assets. game zyx_game could create unique limited edition in-game assets that are owned and used the game player. example: zyx_game:swordoftruth and zyx_game:hammerofthor these game assets could then kept, traded with other players via codes and wallets uploaded into upgrade different version game. rvn based unique assets can tied real world assets. create asset named goldvault. each gold coin gold bar vault can serialized and audited. associated unique assets goldvault: and goldvault: can created represent the specific assets the physical gold vault. the public nature the chain allows for full transparency. example: the holder the token car could issue unique token for each car including the vin number. example: car:uyal some use cases for unique assets include: software licensing car registration proof authenticity tokens transfer along with items that could counterfeited token that allows communication channel (see messaging) messaging stakeholders "if the tower london ravens are lost fly away, the crown will fall and britain with it." unknown common problem with tokens/assets that the token issuer cannot communicate with the token holders. this must handled very carefully because the token holders not always wish identified. the communication should allow the token holder opt-out any time. the message system should only allow select parties use the message channel that not spam conduit. the messaging system uses unique tokens allow communication the main token channel. for example, the company token would have ~company:alert token which allows alerts sent all holders company. newsletters, game developers, non-profits, activist organizations, corporations and other entities will able issue tokens for specific users and then message those users but unlike email other messaging services, the messaging itself will enabled only for token holders, thereby making the token transferable. messaging token holders authorized senders will layered top the unique assets. the unique assets will act "talking stick" allowing messages sent the channel owner. the kaaawww protocol will published with more information this separately. voting one the problems, among many, with the existing financial system that all the shares are held street name. this age fast communication, this makes holding vote ridiculously difficult. public company that issues shares nasdaq, example, will have pay quasimonopoly company just get the mailing addresses their own shareholders given point time. then, physical (dead tree) mailing must sent out shareholders with information how vote along with proxy voting form. using the messaging system, the holders token can notified the vote, and automatically issuing vote token every holder token, the vote can automated from the client through web mobile interface using the protocol built into ravencoin. tokens are created represent votes. ravencoin will create exact number vote tokens and distribute them the token holders. these votes can sent via the protocol addresses that tally the votes. because the voting tokens move the same way assets, delegation votes sometimes known delegative liquid democracy possible. privacy it's community where the threat violence impotent because violence impossible, and violence impossible because its participants cannot linked their true names physical locations. (wei dai) privacy key investments and tokens because financial systems function better when assets are fungible and can trade frictionless manner. the project should seek strengthen privacy any way possible future technological improvements are made. capabilities like messaging, assets, and rewards are added, privacy will preserved the same way that utxo based cryptocurrencies separate identity from public addresses. "since desire privacy, must ensure that each party transaction have knowledge only that which directly necessary for that transaction. since any information can spoken of, must ensure that reveal little possible. most cases personal identity not salient. ... when identity revealed the underlying mechanism the transaction, have privacy. cannot here selectively reveal myself; must always reveal myself. "therefore, privacy open society requires anonymous transaction systems. until now, cash has been the primary such system. anonymous transaction system not secret transaction system. anonymous system empowers individuals reveal their identity when desired and only when desired; this the essence privacy." (e. hughes) []. additional other projects can use this chain. second layer solutions, particularly those being built for projects which share the code base bitcoin can built the ravencoin project. rsk, the lightning network, confidential transactions, and other scalability improvements, etc. various open source projects could benefit projects built this platform. conclusion ravencoin platform coin built the utxo model bitcoin. modifying bitcoin code add these capabilities not practical, but ravencoin platform built from code fork and issuing newly mined rvn. ravencoin will adding assets, rewards, unique assets, messaging, and voting. the raven protocol's capabilities will rolled out phases which will done planned hard fork upgrade. the code base designed allow users and developers maintain secure, decentralized, and tamper resistant network. the ravencoin project can also serve base and starting point for projects, second layer solutions, experiments, and business ideas which might benefit from either the bitcoin-based code base with adjustments the native additional features added the ravencoin blockchain. the inuit, tlinglit, tahitian, chukchi, sioux, the haida, and many others call raven the magical keeper secrets, the trickster, friend the first men and creator the world idea force able shift, change, and create something from nothing. open source, the power the crowd can accomplish much more than any one person organization. all are welcome contribute. references nakamoto, "bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf https://bravenewcoin.com/assets/whitepapers/ndbitcoinwhitepaper.pdf https://counterparty.io/ https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/colored_coins https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/op_return https://bitcoinwisdom.com/bitcoin/difficulty https://theethereum.wiki/w/index.php/erc_token_standard https://github.com/dexaran/erc-token-standard https://www.ethereum.org/ dei, "b-money" http://www.weidai.com/bmoney.txt fenton, "ravencoin: digital peer peer network for the facilitation asset transfers." https://medium.com/@ravencoin/ravencoin-cdfc https://github.com/ravenproject/ravencoin black, weight "xr" algorithm white paper https://ravencoin.org/wpcontent/uploads///xr-whitepaper.pdf http://coinspark.org/developers/assets-introduction/ szabo, "secure property titles with owner authority" http://nakamotoinstitute.org/secure-propertytitles/#selection-.-. https://www.forbes.com////naked-shorting-trades-opedcx_pb_byrne.html#eec https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/delegative_democracy hughes https://www.activism.net/cypherpunk/manifesto.html https://bitcoin.org/en/glossary/unspent-transaction-output