realchain: appraising high-end consumer good and collection with blockchain project white paper december collaboration with taodangpu co. limited glossary rc: abbreviation realchain. rct: realchain token, the token used realchain ecosystem. high-end consumer goods: including but not limited jewelry, luxury, and high-level artworks. consumption scene high-end consumer goods: including but not limited shopping malls, e-commerce platforms, exclusive shops, auctions, and second-hand market. taodangpu llc: general reference keen tread limited and its connecting companies. keen tread limited the owner taodangpu llc. sha: secure hash algorithm (sha) series encrypted hash function designed nsa and published nist, including sha-, sha-, sha-. sha- and sha-. designed apply the digital signature algorithm (dsa) the digital signature standard (dss). the hash number sha contains digits. business: decentralized business model between two persons, including but not limited consuming goods and financial services. tdp: abbreviation taodangpu llc and its connecting companies. authorized institutions: institutions that are authorized realchain foundation conduct business such uploading assessment content, logistics information, commodity information, financial service information. disclaimers this conceptual document ("white paper") describing our proposed realchain platform and realchain token (rct). may amended replaced any time. however, there obligation update the white paper provide the recipient with access any additional information. readers are notified follows: not available all persons: the realchain platform and realchain tokens are not available all persons. participation may subjected range steps, including the need provide certain information and documents. offer regulated products any jurisdiction: realchain tokens (as described this white paper) are not intended constitute securities any other regulated product any jurisdiction. this white paper does not constitute prospectus nor offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer solicitation securities any jurisdiction. this white paper has not been reviewed any regulatory authority any jurisdiction. advice: this white paper does not constitute advice relation whether you should participate the realchain platform buy realchain tokens, nor should relied upon connection with, any contract purchasing decision. representations warranties: representations warranties are made the accuracy completeness the information, statements, opinions other matters described this document otherwise communicated connection with the project. without limitation, representation warranty given the achievement reasonableness any forwardlooking conceptual statements. nothing this document should relied upon promise representation the future. the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, all liability for any loss damage whatsoever (whether foreseeable not) arising from connection with any person acting this white paper, any aspect it, notwithstanding any negligence, default lack care, disclaimed. the extent liability may restricted but not fully disclaimed, restricted the maximum extent permitted applicable law. other companies: other than the realchain foundation limited ("foundation") and taodangpu llc ("tdp"), the use any company and/or platform names and trademarks does not imply any affiliation with, endorsement by, any those parties. references this white paper specific companies and platforms are for illustrative purposes only. you must take all necessary professional advice, including relation tax and accounting treatment. hope the realchain project will highly successful. however, success not guaranteed and digital assets and platforms involve risk. you must assess the risks and your ability bear them. background introduction the future, idealized global luxury, jewelry and artwork trading system should based fair, open and transparent product information well highly efficient trading environment. the combination block's decentralized system and (artificial intelligence) image recognition technology can fully meet the above requirements. have developed the product based the above two aspects. the full name realchain. the realchain foundation the and operator realchain products. will work closely with taodangpu holdings develop new generation high-end consumer goods trading system. realchain product aims improve transaction transparency and reduce fraud risk and transaction cost block chain technology and technology the trading scene luxury goods, jewelry and art. the whole operation system foundation, hope that all members the entire ecosystem will able participate the management. our vision for the future build realchain into public product based high-end consumption, provide secure and reliable business services for system members. about taodangpu the taodangpu was established which attracted three rounds financing for over more than million. the company currently valued for over million. its investors include seven global well-known enterprises and large funds, such finance, finance, blue-run ventures, trust bridge partners and northern light ventures etc. one the world's largest high-end consumer goods finance and service platforms. figure tdp's investors taodangpu introduced the high-end consumer goods pledge loan service platform. the total business trading volume taodangpu was over million dollars. taodangpu introduced the trading platform secondhand luxury goods; the total business trading volume exceeded million. taodangpu introduced the global purchase consumer finance products for high-end consumer goods: youpin instalment. the total volume business transactions expected exceed million. honors taodangpu top enterprise the annual innovation and growth china's top ten business innovation platform annual model enterprise internet financial top enterprise china maker the world internet conference huazun award-top ten customer satisfaction award china's financial industry top ten internet financial innovation enterprise china. market and opportunity the latest report released bain company and italy luxury industry association shows that the global luxury consumption scale will reach billion euros which chinese account for and the largest consumer group. latest release information euro monitor international: global sales global jewelry are billion for global art auctions totaled billion, with china holding the world's largest share for billion. addition, the volume the global used high-end consumer goods also quite huge. according statistics, second-hand transactions will reach more than the new trade volume. huge pain buried under the hundreds billions dollars the trading market present, the opaqueness high-end luxury goods trading very serious and information quite opaque. there are three pain points the whole field circulation: high risk transaction fraud; information opaqueness; low efficiency and high cost appraisal and evaluation. high risk trade fraud present, forgery and counterfeit sales are serious due the advanced fraud technology and the consumer's lack knowledge luxury goods, jewelry, and art. the cost some high-end imitation about the real goods price. for example, the genuine hermes leather bag costs thousand dollars, while the cost high imitation goods even more than dollars. imitation technology become more sophisticated due the increased costs, which impossible for consumers defend effectively. what has been showed follows, it's basic cartier "blue balloon" series men. the pseudo control chart generated based the amplification results times. for the inexperienced consumers, too difficult identify the real goods. figure authentic and pseudo luxury goods comparison chart information opacity present, matter new second-hand goods, the opacity high-end luxury goods transaction quite serious, including: the opaque transaction price, the opaque source goods and the opaque transaction records. the price luxury goods jewelry can different due different colors materials. consumers have little knowledge and lack experience about these goods, the sales prices are sometimes determined man. for example, hermes crocodile skin "birkin bag" potentially designed with grade mark the bag opening: grade "l" represents that materials come from wild crocodile. thus, the price can the highest. the logo represents that materials come from the domestically reared crocodile. "s" marked under made france, the bag discounted item. the seemingly same crocodile skin bag may have different materials, technical qualities prices. however, not all consumers know about this. low efficiency and high cost appraisal and evaluation present, luxury jewelry appraisal mainly concentrated with few appraisal institutions. except for few jewels that can queried for appraisal reports, there inquiry record for luxury goods. impossible for consumers obtain identification report for short time impulsive consumption scene. the same time, repeated evaluation and appraisal the transaction may increase the cost circulation. the traditional appraisal system has high appraisal deviation, high cost and low efficiency since mainly depends human judgment. the same time, the mobility appraiser large, which may cause poor result traceability. moreover, the moral hazard and responsibility traceability can high. new opportunities brought blockchain ...fully trusted authentication service realchain achieves full de-trust through block chains: there need trust other participants and there centralization single point failures. the combination identification mechanism and artificial intelligence image recognition will greatly improve the accuracy identification. realchain can solve the consumer's most important concern: the authenticity high-end consumer goods. the future the financial institutions that will connected realchain, which can reduce the risk through realchain services. ...distributed identification ecology there may high infrastructure and maintenance costs may occur forming identification data cloud through building centralized server. the mobile terminals provided realchain will make each institution and appraiser form independent node, thereby greatly reducing the connection cost. addition, the involvement taodangpu can also make realchain have natural advantage. the partner institutions will directly removed from the realchain network they are caught for illegal operations fraud. the services provided realchain will enable high-end commodity transactions realize the following aspects: information exchange between appraisers and authenticators without trust; low cost identification and appraisal goods; the creation mobile and transparent market for high-end consumer goods; addition the access database and cooperative agencies taodangpu, realchain will set distributed identification ecology the world: any realchain foundation accreditation agency may choose connect the database the realchain and obtain the user's consumption rct token returns without worrying about data leakage and tampering. the first stage realchain, realchain will integrate the identification agencies across various luxury sectors, that more data providers can participate this platform. ...incentive mechanism realized encrypted tokens the realchain based the ethereum blockchain will ensure that the data providers share the value directly through the smart contract. once the user's uploaded data used, will automatically get realchain's tokens rct. ... information desensitization users high-end consumer goods are particularly interested the pursuit privacy and personal information security. present, centralization requires trusted third-party solution that can used collect and analyze user data without user authorization. however, the user data realchain determined the user's own open permissions. ...greatly improve transaction efficiency it's hard for users sell mortgage high-end consumer goods quickly due lack authoritative endorsement the current high-end goods market. most the users who can't find the right price have bear the loss. the characteristics blockchain technology fully meet the needs real scene tracking and inspection real information, such multiple party confirmation, transparent accounts and non-modified historical records. the high-end items are identified the taodangpu and other institutions that have access the realchain, that is, "block", which can realize the following contents: fast transaction verification: fast transaction verification second level can realized key trading links, such signature algorithm, consensus mechanism, book storage, etc. provided the ethereum public block chain. transaction intelligence contract: intelligent contract set commitments defined digital form. realchain can generate intelligent contracts based different scenarios, such auction, second-hand luxury goods, and more. the blockchain, participant the contract, responsible for maintaining and saving the contract and executing automatically. according the above needs and pains, realchain' team firmly believes that the combination the technology blockchain and the image recognition system can solve the above problems the future. the cooperation between realchain and tdp there are currently hundreds appraisers working for tdp worldwide. every article appraised will kept archives videos, pictures and word descriptions. more than high-end consumer goods have been valued and recorded since the beginning. records include data validate against the counterfeits, circulating information second-hand goods, and price changes over the years. tdp has more than cooperating partners all over the world, including but not limited financial institutions, luxury brands, large e-commerce platforms, auction houses, and luxury mds. tdp three core business includes authenticating, appraising and analyzing the appraisal. believe that the blockchain technology together with pattern recognition will greatly lower the artificial error and moral hazard, improve the transaction transparency, reduce transaction cost and enhance effectiveness. tdp planning migrate its operations dealing secondhand luxury, luxury hypothecated loan, luxury and consumer finance entire realchain, becoming the first migrants the realchain ecosystem. meanwhile, tdp bringing its archives and transaction details onto the realchain database. namely, tdp's involvement will the first step realchain expanding its business territory. once the system matured enough, will forge scale effect bring other platforms and systems accordance with economic stimulating effect tokens and its industrial ecology. realchain blockchain protocol and rct token realchain new blockchain protocol being developed and specifically designed and optimized for transactions high-end consumer good and financial service applications. the protocol will consist blockchain based "virtual machine" and defined modules middleware software stacks, which operate outside the chain support decentralized processes governed smart contracts implemented the network. rct the native crypto token currency being created integrated with and used the realchain network, and decentralized applications the network. initially, rct proposed issued and implemented the public ethereum blockchain erc- compliant token. rct designed use the following scenes: reward and incentivize community members contribute computing power and maintain the integrity the network. when e-commerce market participants (sellers, buyers, and marketplace makers) utilize the network services, they would provide rcts network maintainers. consumed authorized institutions when uploading files generate digital anti-fake labels. consumed users when searching for information. info providers will acquire rct rewards automatically. order create the realchain ecosystem, substantive research and development into blockchain technology itself needed. tdp has already developed novel blockchain protocol support complex business transactions, known "smart business contracts" blockchain networks, with rct the native token for this new blockchain protocol. application case analysis realchain various scenes taodangpu will the first commercial application realchain products. the blockchain technology the realchain product will make the transaction process, appraisal and evaluation process, and the whole process fund transfer distributed each node. all parties the business chain will have fair and open information process. the same time, convenient for the downstream agencies the business chain two traders inquire any time. secondly, image recognition system based the artificial intelligence realchain products can greatly save appraisers' labor cost, reduce human errors and moral risks and improve the cost artificial fraud and appraisal efficiency. taodangpu will introduce the realchain its whole business line. case realchain luxury trading scene tdp taodangpu system, realchain will access the high-end consumer goods pledge, second-hand transaction, consumer finance and other fields. will then introduce the business process after the realchain product connected the second-hand luxury transaction module taodangpu. figure luxury trading module tdp process luxury transaction, taodangpu intermediary mediator. the commodity information will uploaded the realchain network, and the articles are classified and stored artificial intelligence image recognition system. the image and video content encrypted the central server. the sha information the file stored each node the and pays rct the realchain network. both buyers and sellers can ask the realchain system query commodity information and pay rct when querying. only authorized institutions have the authority upload information. rct shall paid when uploading information. the rct reward can rewarded those who have uploaded. after taodangpu linked the realchain system, large number luxury goods are released through the blockchain platform. has become reference for other accreditation institutions and reduces the professional moral hazard the taodangpu appraisers. for buyers and sellers, the trading behavior both sides also uploaded the block chain platform, bringing the transaction reliability security great deal improvement. the future, the second-hand goods will tracked the two circulations and the three circulations. this will facilitate the next buyer's purchase judgement, and facilitate the evaluation and pricing other intermediary organizations. case realchain the scene mortgage loans second-hand good tdp the borrower may apply other financial institutions individuals apply for secondhand luxuries, jewels and other pledge loans via taodangpu, the intermediary and appraisal institution. this process, the access the realchain system will increase efficiency and reduce costs. taodangpu compares the borrower's pledge information with the same realchain items; verifies the authenticity and liquidity the goods based historical transaction data and identification results realchain. the borrower can give appraisal report the taodangpu based realchain' historical transactions and identification records. there will not lot objection the borrower's assessment the price and authenticity the pledge. financial institutions will also the realchain block chain platform query the pawnshop give identification report, determine the assessment level risk given taodangpu, reduce the rate bad debts and improve the efficiency the disposal non-performing assets. authorize co-vendor agency for realchain program the future, realchain will connected network businesses and institutions. the commodity information needs authenticated authority, the access agencies will approved the realchain foundation. then they can have the permission upload information rc. expected that the access institutions include brand manufacturers, partner manufacturers, auction houses, highend consumer goods trading intermediaries, jewelry and art research institutions, etc., while appraisers evaluators shall bounded. everyone who can upload information also certified the realchain foundation. ordinary personal non-certified organizations can only query commodity information through realchain' public version app. you want upload the goods your own hand realchain, you can upload information through certified certification body. the app realchain provides the address and contact mode the nearest certification vendor organization. upload information the uploaded information includes but not limited to: commodity photos: submit high definition picture information with different magnification and different angles the basis different commodities. commodity video: high definition video the whole process. commodity basic information (including but not limited to): origin, price, owner, material, service life, description circulation, etc. identification process and operator: identification method shall uploaded, appraiser commodity anti-counterfeiting information: anti-counterfeiting logo unique technology for unique commodity. the information must uploaded accordance with the realchain format. the realchain foundation also provides video, photo collection hard devices and related systems access agencies. good content inquiry any user can download the public version app. the information the library queried through the code identification the goods, such the core code the watch, and the unique information the luxury goods that uniquely identifies the goods. moreover, rct fee paid the user part the inquiry. the public edition app also supports intelligent query image recognition, uploading different photos based query contents, intelligently judging commodity attributes, querying content, primary information query, authenticity identification and price evaluation for goods. however, there will deviation from the query result for the public version due mobile camera performance constraints. will also sell the certified hardware the public improve the detection rate. protection privacy information high-end goods have the need for privacy protection, realchain will hide lot personal information when designed sensitization key information will done. information disclosure authorization: what circumstances should labeled when uploading, what time limitation, what kind guest group can authorize open what information content. preservation and security data due large number high-definition pictures and high definition video content, the system will not keep this information single centralized node. the commodity information will stored multiple servers, and the nodes are used only keep sha information the archived data, that the content uploaded the server secure and impartial information. the future, increasing number luxury goods related transactions well financial services will greatly improve their credibility after integration with realchain. realchain will help them significantly improve its work efficiency and risk reduction, including auction, transaction, high-end consumer goods storage management, logistics and on. the incentive mechanism rct can enormously improve activity and enthusiasm every link the realchain ecosystem. helps connect more related scenes realchain, thus making realchain necessary link the world's high-end consumer goods circulation. image recognition system the future, the core process realchain the appraiser. with the reduction human input, there will corresponding decrease the subjective bias and thus increase objectivity the overall process with realchain team, the future, the identification service which judged human vision and human experience can realized artificial intelligent image recognition system. the principle such that similar the traditional image recognition system which applied many aspects, such traffic, finance and on. for example, traffic safety: the image recognition system used determine whether vehicle runs red light. the image recognition system realchain closer the face recognition system. will take the original product sample the comparison. for example, select the core point multiple comparisons, such the hand, chain, appearance and other core components the watch. there are dozens hundreds detection points for each type. the evaluation results are compared with the differences between the detected objects and the original products. the automatic learning artificial intelligence take many true and false samples and learn constantly improve the accuracy judgment. just the cultivation junior appraiser into senior appraiser. requires lot practical operation, lot practical experience, judge the authenticity and value the goods their own memory and experience. compared with the face recognition, realchain, the image recognition system will simpler and more efficient from the technical perspective. human faces are too similar. more collection points are used judge the authenticity, and the data points collected are generally greater than points. there are too few samples the wrong single body, and the learning space limited due its difficulties furthermore, realchain image recognition system has fixed and correct basis for image judgment, and there are more individual samples: package, piece watch shipments very large. the accuracy the judgment theoretically higher than the face recognition system. the one the challenges that realchain faces, collect data samples the correct items. the larger the sample, the higher rate accuracy, including subtle differences each new and old version, the usage under different circumstances. the large database taodangpu plays critical role realchain. since the taodangpu has begun accumulate its own database. all the items that have been identified, whether new old, genuine fake, have complete picture and video record. the total amount over these data can help fully train and test realchain' image recognition system. the application artificial intelligence image recognition system can greatly lower the user's threshold and improve the user's usage frequency. realchain can promoted faster the high-end consumer goods industry. realchain technical solution general description realchain based the ethereum blockchain and could credit authenticity and ownership commodity (general consumer items, luxury goods, jewelry, etc.) along with image recognition. the whole distribution process including delivery, logistics, transaction and even destroy. have advantages in: automatically processing structured non-structured data encrypted messaging encrypted sharing without http, smtp, ftp protocol encrypted and dynamic storage allowing users log sign in/off anonymously resisting intermediary attacks and tracing processing without manual intervention automatically allocate data according user's profile without prior construction providing easy and free api, allowing users set decentralized applications using cryptocurrency rct stimulus ecosystem technical structure correction: load blance load balance the above figure. the entrance portal realchain will dapp built manufacturers other institutions similar tdp. authorized institutions can upload requests load balance. required data includes identification codes, subjects, appraisal results, images main part, initiators, and tokens consumed. users realchain include buyers, sellers and merchants. users can require database provide information such identification codes, references, subjects, images, fees etc. inquiry will sent load balance and returned with matching index. uploading commodity information requiring appraisal uploading transaction data process pledging high-end consumer goods uploading auction data file system the file system aims to: eliminate redundancy balance computing capacity conduct linear scalability providing solid high concurrency service improve the scalability and performance make happen, realchain network has introduced fastdfs structure, which can: save disk space storing files clouds support http protocol support raid expansion, principal and subordinate files. support recording meta-data support software raid realchain sys (artificial intelligence) refers the theory, means, technology and applying system studying and extending human's intelligence. branch computer science which aims find the essence intellectuality and produce new machine who can react similar human. research the area includes robots, sound recognition, image recognition, language processing and expert system. realchain has developed its own system conduct pinpoint anti-counterfeiting, image recognition, appraising, rating and providing reference. realchain foundation the realchain ecosystem envisioned community partners, including blockchain node operators, validators, service providers, marketplace operators, businesses, and end users. they could provide utilize the network services, and exchange rct the realchain platform. the realchain foundation intended independent, not-for-profit company that maintains and facilitates democratic governance for the members this ecosystem. the realchain foundation's mission is: enhance transparency and fairness the high-level luxury trading with blockchain and image recognition system. three structural principles the realchain foundation impartiality managed solely develop realchain blockchain and applications; separate legal entity from tdp and any other member company; directors act independently realchain, and wellrespected within the tech community. governance serves the interests rct holders, develop robust and scalable system; collaboration with tdp based arms-length commercial agreements; token issuance and distribution managed the realchain foundation; realchain foundation separate legal entity, with distinct operations and its own governance framework; advised top-tier professionals; implement best practices from other established foundations; additional measures response regulatory changes and requirements. the principal functions the realchain foundation open governance its resources together with other ecosystem partners; support and advance the technology related realchain blockchain network's implementation; and all matters related ecosystem membership. the realchain foundation's mandate grow open ecosystem digital services that consumers can easily explore and find value in, while giving developers open and sustainable platform develop, deliver, and enhance those services and attract users. fulfill its mission, the realchain foundation will dedicate resources three specific goals related research, development, and governance described below. governance goals the foundation proposes dedicate resources establish fair and transparent governance process that will take into account the voices and needs all participants within the ecosystem. this open governance model would oversee decisions related the membership process, participation rules, token issuance, pricing rules, legal matters, and content and compliance guidelines. the realchain foundation would responsible for administering and overseeing the security the rct reserve, well transparency its use rct and any token proceeds. research goals the realchain foundation aims foster environment innovation working with partners test new ways participate the ecosystem and drive value creation and beneficial network effects. the realchain foundation could fund research and development efforts support autonomous network that secure and effective providing business transaction services. development goals the realchain foundation proposes direct and fund the development the realchain blockchain itself, well tools that give ecosystem partners the ability build, grow, and create value for the platform. part this process, tdp proposes make its own database available open source project that can leveraged power new communities and add capabilities existing ones. the realchain foundation would further this work engaging development teams continue improving the technology suite supporting the realchain ecosystem, and will maintain open source codebase that ecosystem participants can use. realchain token issuance realchain token issuance the realchain foundation proposes initially generate and issue billion rct. further information about when and whom rct are proposed allocated can found below. token contribution proposed launch soon after incorporation the realchain foundation. for further information and updates regarding the token contribution, prospective participants are invited provide their email address http://www.rcfund.org. further updates and announcements regarding the timing and the details the token contribution will communicated through the website. use token contribution proceeds the proceeds raised from the initial token contribution are intended used for the following purposes: fund the development and establishment the realchain blockchain protocol; marketing and operating expenses related the expansion and migration tdp's platform the realchain blockchain network. arrangements with tdp and the realchain foundation will arm's length; and research and development costs incurred the realchain foundation developing the realchain platform. allocation rct total number rct billion, and will issued the following allocation chart. after the token sale ends, rct will released immediately batches ico investors. the token allocation for both tdp and for the realchain team and partners will subject long-term months) vesting period, ensure realchain team continuously fulfills the roadmap after the token sale. initial rct offering investors preallocatio vesting period release mechanis weeks immediate release after trading, then release per week pattern within weeks. months immediate release original price part after trading, then discounted part will released per month pattern within months. realchain team partners months per quarter rct foundation n.a. total rct billion private funding proposed that tokens will pre-allocated tdp and realchain team and its partners for developing the technology operating the foundation, consideration for tdp's role establishing the realchain platform and developing the initial ecosystem for rct. the token allocation for both tdp and for the realchain team and partners will subject long-term months) vesting period. further rct are proposed held reserve for future release the foundation end-users, jumpstart the use the realchain applications and encourage participation the ecosystem. the rct distributed intended spur adoption various realchain processes and applications (such voting dispute resolution, setting realchain wallets, etc.), and completion smart contracts the realchain network. the realchain core team and advisors david zhang, director the realchain foundation expert financial technology david the senior software engineer and chief system architect planned systems international, responsible for developing digital identification recognition software based blockchain with many leading financial institutions. has profound understanding blockchain applications the financial industry. david, previously product engineer and senior software engineer compsci resources llc and primescape solutions inc., was charge developing the itplus system for the sec. david graduated from university maryland with master's degree computer science. eric jobin cto eric jobin has many years working experience software development. has held various positions architect, team lead and advisor startups such captaris, opentext and dgig. has deep understanding and research experience cloud solution architecture, virtualization, complex system orchestration, .net and javascript. eric jobin received his bachelor's degree information technology from francois-xaviergarneau paris, france. kristi mercer chief analyst kristi experienced jewelry appraiser for the past years, providing independent jewelry appraisal services all clients for all kinds purpose such insurance scheduling, probate, bankruptcy liquidation and charitable contributions etc. kristi owns graduate gemologist, color stone graduate, diamond graduate certification, arts (a.a) general business administration and management diploma from valencia college. kevin carpenter chief appraiser kevin started his career the jewelry industry while high school, and being the son geologist, was literally grown around gems and minerals. industry veteran over years, fine jewelry appraising combines his gemological knowledge and his lifelong passion for gems, with the experience has been acquired store owner and manager one the largest jewelry store. kevin hold the titles graduate gemologist from the gemological institute america, certified gemologist and registered jeweler from the american gem society, and certified member the national association jewelry appraisers. roy counselor realchain foundation roy famous expert security and iot and the founder iot operating system ruff.io. the research supervisor for fudan university. ruff.io was invested geek capital, jingshan capital and shanxing capital. raymond tan counselor realchain foundation raymond famous expert blockchain and big data. the founder naba. having worked for microsoft for over years, raymond published several technology books including blockchain raymond graduated from fudan university and duke university. dou wang counselor realchain foundation dou the founder geek capital and partner link vc, also the inventor blockchain robot. famous being technical geek and expert managing social groups. dou has worked senior level for ibm, moto and hp. realchain foundation major investors and partners initial rct offering investors: linkvc linkvc well-known global blockchain venture capital firm based singapore, currently focuses working with block chains, digital money and internet financial services investments and projects. its investment projects include alcoin, quoine, genaro, tenx, shuzibi.com, blockv, cybermiles, bbex, raiden, prochan and many other renowned block chain projects. hash capital hash capital famous global block chain investment, focusing working with block chain applications and digital asset management projects asian markets. projects invested hash capital covers the block chain industry, including smart contracts, securities trading settlement, personal identification, distributed accounting ledger, ecommerce, api and block chain infrastructure. some hash capital's successful investment cases include iptchain, ktrade, loopring, qcash, coinmeet, halal chain, nuls and many other great digital assets. cooperative partners: besides tdp, realchain has other top-tier influential cooperative partners. finance finance spin-off from qihoo, one the largest fintech companies china. serves millions consumers with various types saving products and loan services. leveraging qihoo's massive million users and over million mobile users, finance able quickly and exponentially grow its user base, while building comprehensive risk management platform and leading personal financial services china. finance also provides blockchain media and supports the following areas but not limited to: flow, promotion and advertising community activities. jinse jinse one the most influential media platforms blockchain industry. covers blockchain news, project information, market price, communities and other blockchain service platform. jinse aims provide timely, comprehensive, professional and the most accurate information, products, and services blockchain entrepreneurs and digital currency investors. jinse will provide full support realchain branding, marketing, and advertising. beechat beechat the largest cryptocurrency messenger and captures over millions users after launch. beechat will actively collaborate with realchain community marketing and advertising build new blockchain ecosystem. qtum qtum open source blockchain project that developed the singapore-based qtum foundation. builds decentralized applications that simply work executable mobile devices, compatible with major existing blockchain ecosystems, scroll explore. according coinmarketcap.com nov., qtum's global market cap ranking among other cryptocurrencies. qtum will closely work with realchain global marketing. project milestones feb. taodangpu established. mar. taodangpu receives million (usd) series investment from bluerun ventures. may taodangpu receives million (usd) series investment from trustbridge capital and bluerun ventures. may taodangpu receives millions dollars series investment from finance, finance, trustbridge capital and bluerun ventures. jan. realchain foundation explore the issuance realchain tokens (rct). jan. rct begins trade exchange platforms. mar. realchain foundation launch real chain's "smart contract" modules. apr. realchain smart hardware launch major ecommerce platforms. may available appraising subject expands more than jun.-jul. taodangpu app begin accepting rct facilitate multiple marketplace applications. aug. realchain smart hardware launch market. nov. realchain modules available for use other platforms facilitate further adoption. dec. available appraising subject expands more than references narayanan. bonneau. felten. miller. goldfeder. bitcoin and cryptocurrency technology: comprehensiveintroduction. the china citic press, wayner. digital cash: commerce the net (nded). waltham, ma: morgan kaufmann,