ret contents: executive summary introduction blockchain smart contract the problem current blockchain and smart contract ii. vision and solution realtract blockchain with high performance introducing smart contract iii. structure and technology realtract pbft (practical byzantine fault tolerance) introducing infinity block graphs multi-layer chain supplychain and mainchain cross chain communication realtract network iv. smart contract overview operational mechanism proof result (por) application realtract and smart contract (practical smart contract) vi. realtract token vii. roadmap viii. plan ix. team references executive summary this whitepaper describes how realtract going disrupt and transform the blockchain industry and cryptocurrency market with the launch the first practical smart contract the world. realtract going launch smart contract the blockchain realtract aims create truly democratic and decentralized blockchain enabling common users get the benefits from the blockchain technology and digital currencies. there are many technical difficulties around blockchain core technologies, which need breakthroughs and out box thinking. present, the infrastructure support development blockchain applications unstable and time consuming. there are number major problems related with the current blockchain and smart contracts such low transaction throughput, energy costs, difficult use, uncompetitive applications, low transaction speed, transaction fees, issues interoperability and platform lock-in, lack robust security for smart contract etc. the current blockchain architecture and technologies along with application scenario are limited performance, applicability and stability the underlying chain. therefore, there urgent need study the underlying mechanism blockchain, and redesign improve the various key technologies blockchain solve the various associated problems. realtract aims solve the problems such low applicability, transaction congestion, high commissions, long confirmation latency, weak resistance quantum attacks, slow communication and transactions, incapability crossing and merging chains, large space for storage and etc. realtract would optimize and improve blockchain technology all aspects including protocols and mechanisms, and become genuine infrastructure blockchain blockchain uses multilayered architecture which provides solution the issues faced current blockchains such the lack scalability and low transaction throughput rate. blockchain incorporates many advance features like dynamical sharding functions for transaction scaling. blockchain secure, fast, scalable, and versatile. the goal realtract create trustless and decentralized system which transactions are similar real-world transactions. realtract accomplishes designing its network multi-layer blockchain. multi-layer chain has basically two layers viz. supplychain and mainchain. supplychain the place store the temporary transactions and the pending order the smart contract. mainchain the place for recording and saving all the completed transactions, the information contracts that have ended and user-encrypted information. provides enhanced transaction speed, extended storage space and increased security with proof truth (pot) and proof stake (pos) algorithms. moreover, will inevitably make sure that does not depend the miners, inexpensive energy, and avoids attacking infinity block graphs (ibg) technology with infinite scalability helps keep transactions from overloading, speeding transactions million tps, bringing down the costs nearly zero, and ensuring absolute security. with the ability create deal, contracts can applied more effectively reality adding: creation multiple conditions, and the time the contract. realtract smart contract significant improvement over the ethereum smart contract that prevalent present. addition maintaining the excellent operating mechanism the older version, smart contract adds conditions and algorithms completely protect the interests the parties, when participating the transaction. the proof result (por) algorithm included the realtract smart contract tool for evaluating and documenting the credibility the parties involved the contract. also increases the security for the transaction parties. por also tool handle disputes between the parties the buyers and the sellers. the cryptocurrency market has shown amazing growth with the market capitalization crossing the half trillion mark. yet, after scaling new heights, there was drastic decline the market. the main reason the narrow base the cryptocurrency market among the general public. realtract's offering smart contract the blockchain would greatly increase the user base the cryptocurrency market and blockchain usage. the number users would increase hugely, the price volatility the cryptocurrency market would also reduce thanks the expanded huge base cryptocurrency and blockchain investors and users. with the introduction realtract tokens (ret) the digital currency for the cryptocurrency users, realtract will uniquely positioned utilize its token and smart contract framework conjunction with its revolutionary platform solve the problems hampering the blockchain industry and cryptocurrency market. plan realtract crowdsale fund our futuristic and pioneering platform. realtract token (ret) tokens would initially built the popular erc- standard. the erc- standard allows ret tokens immediately work with all the apps that conform the standard. would swap erc- standard after the completion realtract mainnet. out the total supply the billion ret tokens; the supply circulation would billion tokens the total tokens. our meticulous business plan, committed team, and technological innovations and breakthroughs would produce enormous gains value for the investors the coming future. introduction blockchain blockchain open, transparent, and distributed ledger that can record the transactions between two parties group efficient, permanent and verifiable way. blockchain continuously growing list digital records, called blocks, which are linked and secured using the cryptography processes. each block contains hash pointer link previous block, transaction data and timestamp. blockchains are secure design and inherently resistant the modification the data. blockchain formation based lengthy and time consuming process. the main chain consists the longest series the blocks from the genesis block the current block. the blocks existing outside the main chain are orphan blocks and have little relevance value the system. for use effective distributed ledger, blockchain managed peer-to-peer network that collectively adheres specific protocol for validating the new blocks. once recorded, the data stored any given block cannot changed retroactively without changing all the subsequent blocks, which requires collaboration the network majority. thus, any unilateral unauthorized changes are next impossible. blockchain based design that prevents the owner currency token from committing fraud spending twice. the first spend recorded publically for all see, one would accept second spend. decentralized consensus achieved with blockchain. this makes blockchains potentially suitable for the recording events, medical records, and other records management activities, such identity management, transaction processing, documenting provenance, voting, various other phenomena. blockchain leading sea-change the internet's evolution, from the internet information the internet value with its capabilities generate unprecedented opportunities create value. stay functional, needs lot computing power and continuous innovation. despite the cryptocurrency boom, there was limited spread the reach the cryptocurrency and blockchain terms the common masses due complex technical issues and time consuming processes. smart contract smart contract basically refers the self-executing computer program protocol digitally facilitate, verify, and enforce the performance contract automatically per the rules defined the contract without third parties under specified conditions. smart contract has become very popular with the advent decentralized blockchain network. smart contract special protocol intended contribute, verify implement the negotiation performance the contract. smart contracts allow performing credible transactions without third parties. these transactions are publically traceable and irreversible. smart contracts contain all the information about the contract terms and execute all envisaged actions automatically. the terms the agreement between buyer and seller are directly written into the lines code existing across distributed and decentralized blockchain network. first, assets and contract terms are coded and put into the block blockchain. this contract distributed and copied multiple times between the nodes the platform. after the trigger happens, the contract performed accordance with the contract terms. the program checks the implementation the commitments automatically. for creating smart contract you need subject the contract with the program having access goods services under contract lock and unlock them automatically, contract terms the form exact sequence operations, participants initiate agreement signing the contract with their private keys, and deployment the contract the decentralized blockchain platform and distributed among the nodes the platform. there are numerous applications and usage the smart contracts like logistics and supply chain, financial services, bank systems, insurance, real estate, iot, voting results data the encrypted and anonymous form the blockchain eliminating manipulation possibilities, and on. blockchains and smart contracts can solve areas business and general life that frustrate the users like the flawed banking system and dysfunctional global payments system. nasdaq piloting stock exchange off blockchain technology. microsoft launched blockchain service last year. smaller companies are building dozens apps blockchain. according coindesk, couple singapore recorded their prenup blockchain, specifying that "every days, minutes must spent date night, that shopping sprees shall limited once per fortnight, and on. smart contracts provide various benefits blockchain technology such as: automation: the various processes are automated through programming. economy: the costs are reduced intermediaries are eliminated. security: the smart contract well encrypted and distributed among network nodes, guaranteeing that will not lost changed without proper authorization. standardization: there very wide range various types smart contracts available present and they have been standardized well. customization: you can choose standard smart contract template and change according your needs. the problem current blockchain and smart contract there are many technical difficulties around blockchain core technologies, which need breakthroughs and out box thinking. present, the infrastructure support development blockchain applications unstable and time consuming. thus many applications are not effective. imperative make research and development blockchain infrastructure, thus providing reliable support for various blockchain applications, well promoting implementation blockchain applications all kinds industries order make blockchain technology more effective serving mankind. the major problems related with the current blockchain and smart contracts are follows: low transaction throughput: performance one main challenges for current blockchain technology. the current blockchain platforms and applications have low transaction throughput. bitcoin designed handle only seven transactions per second, and ethereum can only handle few more. the current blockchains are simple concatenations single data entities state changes; reconstructing the actual states these entities implies whole chain scan, which causes even greater system slowdown and resources usage. this slowness caused the lack horizontal scalability, i.e. the increase computation capacity obtained merely adding processors. the current blockchain safety mechanism designed prevent anyone from taking over the majority the clusters making very expensive achieve terms calculation power and/or cost. this causes the problems scalability and low transaction throughput. ability extension: upgrading blockchain networks poses serious challenges. all nodes blockchain network must validate the same blocks. therefore impossible for any subset parties freely upgrade new protocol without affecting the rest the network; permanently detaching from forking the chain. simple chains data are not flexible enough fulfill emerging needs, which complex data structures need organized. the same time, those structures need validated and made immutable with blockchain-based techniques, increasing traceability and security. energy costs, depending the miners: the threshold for current blockchain has been rising, which reflected not only higher requirement technical performance, but also increasingly fierce competition computing power. particularly the early era bitcoin mining, the personal computer alone could easily mine the coin. later, mining became more demanding computer's performance. this led emergence specialized mining computers. result, there increasing requirement nodes. most which, are controlled select number mining pools. this further isolates the blockchain from the masses. moreover, the heavy energy consumption also has adverse impact environment, which major cause concern today's world. difficult use: today's blockchain applications are built for the tech people who know how use them, rather than common users. nearly all blockchain applications require users either run blockchain node install light node. takes long time for users adapt application. attract large number people, blockchain applications need simple today's internet and mobile apps. blockchain technology should easy understand and use for the consumer. uncompetitive applications: the current consumer applications must able handle tens millions active users daily. addition, some applications will only become valuable when certain throughput reached. the platform itself must able handle large number concurrent users. fine experience demands reliable feedback within only seconds. long latency frustrates users and makes applications built blockchains less competitive with existing nonblockchain alternatives. attack potential high volume crypto-assets platforms are constantly attacked hackers who seek bring the systems down, typically through ddos attacks. fraudsters also try break into accounts using social engineering steal cryptocurrencies from users. many high-volume platforms could not withstand these attacks and were forced shut down. estimated that since least three dozen major heists against cryptocurrency exchanges occurred. close million btcs were stolen. transaction speed: bitcoin, based first-generation blockchains and proof work algorithm for transaction validation, and the second generation ethereum based the smart-contracts-enabled blockchains, are extremely low energy efficiency with low block validation speed and transactions per block. the thirdgeneration and the fourth generation blockchain solutions, using techniques like proof-of-stake validation algorithm, off-chain routing, graph-chains, and complete partial centralization, are still not able solve the issues scalability, speed, and energy consumption. transaction fee: the traditional systems involve high transaction fees resulting from high costs due low transaction speed and low throughput. even simple applications can slow down the ethereum based platform and increase transaction fees dramatically. the high cost using blockchain technology major barrier mass adoption. also limits developers who need the flexibility build free services. just like today's internet and mobile apps, there need pay for every operation during blockchain transaction. similar the internet, blockchain technology should able support free applications. making blockchain free use key its widespread adoption. free platform will also empower developers and businesses create valuable new services they can monetize, rather than having users pay fees use the blockchain network. issues interoperability and platform lock-in: the current blockchains have critical platform lock-in problems. developers have decide which blockchain develop, and then implement platform-specific code, which makes very difficult switch application another blockchain. developers don't want locked into working with certain blockchain technology. they need freedom evaluate, use, and switch between options. some applications may even need run multiple platforms provide best user experience. the security smart contract (weakness): the security measures stop data level they don't ensure user safety, making impossible recover lost stolen coins and tokens even they are located the chain, block malicious accounts. the practical application smart contract the current smart contracts now, typically the ethereum smart contract, called smart contract although most commonly used today's icos and has realized its enormous potential, but its applicability the real world too low: smart contract works the basis the principle one step operation. for instance: create contract receive property and distribution assets transfers property receives property receives property but this creates practical difficulties and awkward situations. imagine practical application the situation: "you buy house. when the seller has received the money, you own the house and find the serious damage the concrete frame, the walls have heavy cracks, and the seller just covered your eyes when you came see the house only times. you know that, would you ready buy that house?" actually, makes the contract, transfers the money but still needs the conditions ensure that product correct and fulfills b's expectations. too many third parties use smart contract the ethereum platform provide real services that render the reliability and performance the user perturbed with unverified information. smart contracts the present form have some deficiencies like slow speed: the processes related smart contracts are complex and lead slow execution. high implementation costs. complex and lengthy programming/coding. lack arbitration and conflict resolution case dispute/problems. human involvement the code written people leading mistakes like dao developers's mistakes the code caused huge losses the users and the company. the current blockchain architecture and technologies along with application scenario are limited performance, applicability and stability the underlying chain. therefore, there urgent need study the underlying mechanism blockchain, and redesign improve the various key technologies blockchain solve the problems such transaction congestion, high transaction fees, long confirmation latency, weak antiquantum attack capability, low anonymity communication and transaction, weak crossing and merging chain capability, large storage space, etc. the current blockchain technology problems have solved effectively and expeditiously. ii. vision and solution realtract admittedly, blockchain general and smart contract particular big step forward for the mankind. but first does not mean being all good; seeing the weaknesses the current blockchain platforms terms scalability, speed and performance. realtract born thorough solution the disadvantages the existing blockchain and the current smart contract, adding and improving technologies help put blockchain and smart contract into real life applications effectively and efficiently. realtract doing lot r&d for your convenience and perfecting the smart contacts develop the highly optimized smart contract order provide the maximum benefits terms the fast execution speed, cost-effectiveness, security, standardization and customization. moreover, the solution being developed the blockchain platform that will provide many hitherto facilities terms convenience, speed, and security. realtract aims solve the problems such low applicability, transaction congestion, high commissions, long confirmation latency, weak resistance quantum attacks, slow communication and transactions, incapability crossing and merging chains, large space for storage and etc. realtract would optimize and improve blockchain technology all aspects including protocols and mechanisms, and become genuine infrastructure blockchain also, realtract would provide platform for developing various dapps (distributed apps), well feasible solutions create smart contracts realtract focuses core technology blockchain infrastructure and platform. our goal build infrastructure conquering current key technical problems and supporting all domain applications terms ecological view. realtract aims implement real practical and powerful support mechanism for blockchain, and provide the infrastructure for all kinds blockchain based applications, and underlying development platform for all kinds dapps and practical and feasible solutions for constructing the global blockchain future. the realtract uses the following elements solve the current problems blockchain industry: blockchain with high performance: blockchain uses multilayered architecture which provides solution the issues faced current blockchains such the lack scalability and low transaction throughput rate. blockchain incorporates many advance features like dynamical sharding functions for transaction scaling. blockchain secure, fast, scalable, and versatile. one the strengths this technology indeed speed, thanks its ability run different transactions parallel each other and the split-rejoin mechanism our blockchain. these features allow for greater horizontal scalability, and increase processing transactions capacity adding additional computational power the existing one, making each node count, performance-wise. the main chain able optimize its structures splitting autonomously multiple subchains, according requested resources and data streams, parallelizing the work across multiple threads and nodes. this chain-split process executed until the normalization workloads, when, still autonomously, the chain becomes whole again. all this possible due mechanisms allowing every block the chain validate two different sub-chains from two different incoming links. this subdivision permits higher processing speed transactions, data queries will impact only subchain nodes, optimizing each step. infinity block graphs (ibg) technology with infinite scalability helps keep transactions from overloading, speeding transactions million tps, bringing down the costs nearly zero, and ensuring absolute security. multi-layer chain: has basically two layers viz. supplychain and mainchain. supplychain the place store the temporary transactions and the pending order the smart contract (transaction property lock during contract execution). mainchain the place for recording and saving all the completed transactions, the information contracts that have ended and user-encrypted information. provides enhanced transaction speed, extended storage space and increased security with proof truth (pot) and proof stake (pos) algorithms. moreover, will inevitably make sure that does not depend the miners, inexpensive energy, and avoids attacking one important feature the technology high availability: the chance relying cluster type that ensures continuity services even case shutdown some nodes the network. this way, case multiple node failure, the cluster will autonomously reorganize data distribution communicating with every node, until complete operational recovery. also eco-friendly requires lower computational power and less energy for cryptographic validation and does not depend mining (proof-of-work), huge waste power and resources. introducing smart contract with the ability create deal, contracts can applied more effectively reality adding: creation multiple conditions, and the time the contract. realtract smart contract significant improvement over the ethereum smart contract that prevalent present. addition maintaining the excellent operating mechanism the older version, smart contract adds conditions and algorithms completely protect the interests the parties, when participating the transaction. the proof result (por) algorithm included the realtract smart contract tool for evaluating and documenting the credibility the parties involved the contract. also increases the security for the transaction parties. por also tool handle disputes between the parties the buyers and the sellers. improving the enforceability, security and legality transactions. our solution based the highly advanced blockchain will able manage complex data scenarios, will allow people implement any kind application our technology, ensuring worldwide institutional, governmental, financial and industrial diffusion, bringing the whole blockchain universe one step forward. realtract will use optimized data structure, new data structure derived from dag (directed acyclic graph) proposed, which greatly reduces storage space required nodes and improves efficiency and security data storage. will design and use efficient and secure consensus mechanism, which supports high transaction concurrency, fast confirmation, and building eco-systems for different application scenarios. connecting with various application scenarios, realtract can cooperate with various kinds service providers and application providers support commercial organizations government agencies build chain application systems according business characteristics and requirements. the technology base blockchain distributed network architecture, realtract would focus the r&d. directed acyclic graph (dag) great solution, and use dag chain. dag, there process for packing blocks, but users confirm each other, which can greatly reduce transaction confirmation duration. realtract technology based dag data structures would provide blockchain systems that are more efficient, scalable, highly interoperable, and offer better user experience. recently, blockchain technology has started attracting the attention industry and top-notch businessmen/entrepreneurs. can achieve qualitative growth transaction throughput and scalability. the blockchain will become the infrastructure industry and form consolidate ecosystem, which will also change people's lives profoundly. iii. structure and technology realtract the goal realtract create trustless and decentralized system which transactions are similar real-world transactions. realtract accomplishes designing its network multi-layer blockchain with triple consensus algorithm allow transactions linked with additional information on-chain. users, developers, node operators, organizations, enterprises, crypto-exchanges, partners, and other blockchains cryptos can take part the development realtract. pbft (practical byzantine fault tolerance) byzantine fault tolerance the ability distributed computer network function desired and correctly reach sufficient consensus despite malicious components (nodes) the system failing propagating incorrect information other peers. the objective defend against catastrophic system failures mitigating the influence these malicious nodes have the correct function the network and the right consensus that reached the honest nodes the system. pbft algorithm provides high-performance byzantine state machine replication, processing thousands requests per second with sub-millisecond increases latency. pbft (practical byzantine fault tolerance) replication algorithm tolerate byzantine faults. hyperledger utilizes the pbft its consensus algorithm since pbft could handle malicious byzantine replicas/nodes. pbft needs know the identity each node select accountant for each block, and nodes cannot join exit arbitrarily, pbft always used private permissioned blockchains. has high efficiency, but nodes need fully trust each other. blockchain blockchains effectively have linked list like structure. the blocks blockchain need added one after the other like list. this structure leads issues scalability and low number transactions per second, which inhibit mainstream adoption blockchains. bitcoin and ethereum, both suffer from these issues. this inherent handicap blockchain has led exploration alternate ways maintaining decentralized databases. directed acyclic graph (dag) one such alternative. directed acyclic graph implementation graph, and allows the networks using circumvent some the blockchain's most daunting limitations. each node dag represents new transaction directed acyclic graph cryptocurrencies are non-blockchain decentralized payment network technologies which each new transaction confirms one more previous transactions. introducing infinity block graphs infinity block graphs are similar dags. dag finite directed graph with directed cycles. consists finitely many vertices and edges, with each edge directed from one vertex another. the key structure which makes dags work tangle. the tangle particular kind directed graph, which holds transactions. each transaction represented vertex the graph. when new transaction joins the tangle, chooses two previous transactions approve, adding two new edges the graph. infinity block graphs also work similar concept with multiple nodes and directed connections between them. infinity block graphs (ibg) technology with infinite scalability helps keep transactions from overloading, speeding transactions million tps, the cost nearly zero and absolute security. illustration infinity block graphs multi-layer chain realtract network proposes have multi-layer chain structure. the main layer will called supplychain and the secondary layer will called mainchain. this structure will increase the storage capacity, process more transaction confirmations per second, and provide more security. two-layer structure will also decrease the size the blockchain which nodes are needed store. only the completed transactions will stored the secondary chain which the mainchain. the ongoing transactions, canceled transaction, waiting transaction contract (time condition contract) will stored the supplychain and once set transactions finalized, the net effect those transactions the state the blockchain will updated the mainchain. the use dag like infinity block also makes the system more secure there issue attack miners with concentration hashing power. since each new transaction which joins the tangle approves two other previous transactions, there are miners needed verify the transactions the system. supplychain and mainchain supplychain supplychain the place where temporary transactions and the pending order the smart contract (transaction property lock during contract execution). supplychain the main layer which uses infinity block graphs. the new concept infinity block graphs will increase the transaction rate compared the current blockchain technology. supplychain uses delegated proof stake model consensus mechanism. nodes can vote who would the block validators. the amount votes each node has depends upon the number tokens they have staked the network. mainchain mainchain the place for saving and storing all the completed transactions, the information the contracts that have ended, and user-encrypted information. used support transaction speed, extended storage space, and increased security with proof truth (pot) and proof stake (pos) algorithms. moreover will inevitably make sure that does not depend the miners, inexpensive energy and avoid attacking this innovative technology has structure which blocks are controlled supernode. supplychain, the number blocks high and those not follow any certain order hence necessary storage and redundant data could enormous. therefore, the main purpose mainchain filter important and necessary data and then store the mainchain every minutes. with this technology, all data will more secure, transaction rate would increase and attack could avoided. mainchain uses proof truth (pot) consensus mechanism. it's the consensus that only completed transactions definite information are confirmed/approved supernodes and stored the mainchain. there could different mainchain for different purposes. there could separate mainchain for different sectors. one example for kyc/aml. only the final and verified information the users, the customers, the enterprises will encrypted and stored mainchain. cross chain communication cross chain communication very important for multi-layered network. transactions occurring the realtract network can millions every second. the same time, the data the mainchain needs access persistent and interconnected, which requires the link among chains mainchain, but does not take too much transaction space storage. solve this, mainchain has been designed such that they can exchange data and transactions with other chain via supplychain. cross chain communication can achieved using sidechain pegging technology proposed adam back. this works follows: transfer parent chain coins into sidechain coins, the parent chain coins are sent special output the parent chain that can only unlocked spv proof possession the sidechain. synchronize the two chains, the following two waiting periods need defined: the confirmation period transfer between sidechains duration for which coin must locked the parent chain before can transferred the sidechain. the purpose this confirmation period allow for sufficient work created such that denial service attack the next waiting period becomes more difficult. the user must then wait for the contest period. this duration which newly-transferred coin may not spent the sidechain. the purpose contest period prevent double spending transferring previously-locked coins during reorganization. while locked the parent chain, the coin can freely transferred within the sidechain without further interaction with the parent chain. however, retains its identity parent chain coin, and can only transferred back the same chain that came from. thus, sidechain pegging can effectively used achieve cross-blockchain communication. cross chain communication realtract network consensus mechanisms are important aspect the design any blockchain based system. defines how the nodes the network interact with each other and how they should act contribute the trust the network. some the popular consensus mechanisms used blockchains today are proof work (pow), proof stake (pos), and delegated proof stake. realtract network, supplychain will use delegated proof stake (dpos) consensus mechanism while mainchain will use proof truth the consensus mechanism. there are various consensus mechanisms that have been evaluated such proof-of-stake, proof-of-work and proof-of-burn are examples algorithms designed achieve consensus decentralized, "trustless" blockchain network. pos chooses the transactions' (block) validator through random selection based something owns (the stake). pow requires the validator compete for solving cryptographic puzzles (mining). pob requires the validator 'burn' some coins sending them verifiable unspendable address. below give brief description these consensus mechanisms. proof work (pow) proof work system that ties mining capability computational power. blocks must hashed, which itself easy computational process, but additional variable added the hashing process make more difficult. when block successfully hashed, the hashing must have taken some time and computational effort. thus, hashed block considered proof work. proof work consensus mechanism used confirm new transactions and produce new blocks the blockchain. the miners solve cryptographic puzzle related the transactions included the block. the miners are able find correct solution, they are said have "mined" block and this block then sent other nodes the network for validation and inclusion the blockchain. the bitcoin blockchain was based this consensus mechanism. proof stake (pos) proof stake alternative the proof-of-work system, which the user's existing stake cryptocurrency, i.e., the amount that currency the user holds, used calculate the amount that currency that the user can mine. proof stake system used for validating transactions and achieving consensus. case the proof stake, there cryptographic puzzle solved. the contrary, the creator new block chosen deterministic way based their stake. the stake how many coins/tokens one possesses. for example, one miner was stake coins and another miner staked coins, the miner staking coins would times more likely chosen the next block validator. ethereum based proof stake consensus mechanism. delegated proof stake (dpos) delegated proof stake one the pos consensus mechanisms. dpos leverages the power stakeholder approval voting resolve consensus issues fair and democratic way. all network parameters, from fee schedules block intervals and transaction sizes, can tuned via elected delegates. the difference from pos that the dpos systems, the users vote select the other users validate transactions. the users who get the most votes earn the right validate transactions. users can even delegate their voting power other users, whom they trust. votes are weighted according the size each voter's stake. given set, usually small number witnesses, they work mine blocks and monitor the network. these witnesses are elected this role the chain users. there decentralization the voting process, i.e. isn't limited masternode holders like proof stake consensus. because there smaller group individuals working secure the network, needed changes can occur much more efficiently. also, because witnesses are reliant votes, their best interest pay attention the concerns the other participants the network. proof truth (pot) the proof truth consensus mechanism consensus mechanism which allows only completed transactions information confirmed supernode stored blockchain. the proof truth ensures that only correct data stored the blockchain. this essential maintain the integrity the blockchain only the verified and true data information need recorded and stored the blockchain. realtract has analyzed the major consensus mechanisms: pow, pos, dpos, pot, etc. pow (proof work) consensus strategy used bitcoin network. requires complicated computational process authentication. pow, each node network calculating hash value the constantly changing block header. pow completely decentralized, free access, but mining causes lot waste resources, consensus needs long period, which not suitable for commercial applications. proof stake (pos) energy-saving alternative pow. instead demanding users find nonce unlimited space, pos requires users prove the ownership the amount currency because believed that users with more currency would less likely attack the network, and pos still needs mining. dpos (delegated proof stake). similar pos, miners get their priority generate the blocks according their stake. the major difference between pos and dpos that pos direct democratic while dpos representative democratic. and the whole consensus mechanism still depends tokens, while many commercial applications not need tokens. after perusing the various pros and cons the different consensus mechanisms, realtract has determined use proof truth consensus mechanism which will ensure that only correct data stored the mainchain. allows only completed transactions information confirmed supernode stored the mainchain. this essential maintain the integrity the blockchain only the verified and true data information would recorded and stored the mainchain. there are types nodes realtract network: full node this node part supplychain. full node computer who participates supplychain network and has connections with other full nodes. the full node ensures the correctness and integrity the mainchain layer. they can also provide additional services the network and ensure that the network running correctly. this ensures that most the high throughput transactions are handled the supplychain itself and only once every minutes the changes the states are updated the mainchain. transactions will sent full nodes and forwarded delegates. delegate full node who has been voted other full nodes (voters) the validator for the next block. voters are full nodes who stake their ret (realtract token) get the votes. vote for delegate, full node must create transaction called vote transaction and the total votes will counted with weights the current staking balance the voters. full nodes can run any computers and they play vital role the sustainability the realtract network. promote full nodes stake ret and join the voting process, realtract has the block reward system for delegates and its voters. realtract rewards the block generators fixed amount ret per block. super node this node part mainchain. the main objective super nodes make transactions realtract information-rich. mainchain layer realtract network will run super nodes. super nodes will approve mainchain blocks that contains transactions and propagate the mainchain transactions other super nodes and full nodes across the realtract network. super node deposits large amount tokens stakes support its commitment the network. incentivize super nodes participate the realtract network, the network rewards them with the fees given the users for processing the attached information. this acts earned interest for super nodes for depositing large amount tokens stakes the network. service node this node part mainchain like lending service chain, medical service chain, business service chain, real estate service chain, etc. service nodes make the service mainchain which developed for specific use cases. all data transacted the service nodes need not updated the mainchain, only the trusted and verified changes state are updated the mainchain. realtract decentralized the full node and super node layer but not the service node layer. particular service mainchain run service nodes disrupted then the network fails provide the service. this also models real-life scenario where particular government agency pulls out from platform, then the data about that government agency not available the common platform. advanced service nodes provide services like validating identity, instant payment system private payment system. service nodes must trusted the network. after completing the process prove the identities and authorities, service nodes become trusted nodes and can start providing their services the network. service nodes work together following the proof truth mechanism maintain the consensus the network. every minutes, the real transactions important information will stored mainchain. that why the ongoing transactions, canceled transaction, waiting transaction contract (time condition contract) will not stored the mainchain. only the necessary information will selected depending the purpose each industry like kyc (know your customer) service for government, information patients for medical health records, etc. iv. smart contract overview nowadays, smart contract its way become the leading technology which could simplify the interaction between parties but intensify the efficiencies contract; and thus change the way sign contracts. smart contract could guarantee the transparency and justice contract between parties; also many people believe that could transform certain industries the near future. however, there still major problem smart contract, which according the majority technology experts, could reduce the applicability smart contracts real life even its potential enormous. the current concept smart contracts, which considers the rules and conditions smart contract unchangeable, might bring litigations both parties any the rules and conditions need changed. "you buy house, when the seller has received the money, you own the house and find the serious damages the concrete frame, the walls have heavy cracks, the seller has covered your eyes when you came see the house only times. you know that, would you ready buy that house?" most the current smart contracts are pursuing the perfection performance and automation because most the developers believe that the necessary laws and rules cannot compare the importance perfect code and fast performance. unfortunately, becomes the disadvantage smart contracts, and makes difficult apply practice, especially other industries. the smart contracts are the radar the top global firms, mncs, and constancies that are researching their role and giving them increasing importance keeping view their future potential for the industry, business, and governments. therefore, realtract has invented the advanced version smart contract called smart contract (practical smart contract), which significant improvement over the ethereum smart contract addition maintaining the excellent operating mechanism the older version, smart contract adds conditions and algorithms completely protect the interests the parties when participating the transaction. smart contract will put the current problem smart contracts rest, but still ensure the best performance. moreover, possible drastically reduce resolve the litigations the way equality and consistency. the top-notch global consultancy deloitte conducted executive survey blockchain. the survey was conducted online between nov. and dec. polled initial sample respondents, and then focused senior executives the u.s. companies with million more annual revenue who completed the full survey and said they have least broad understanding blockchain well familiarity with and ability comment their company's blockchain investment plans. they observations regarding the role for smart contracts are given below: operational mechanism: smart contract based the core tenets smart contract but adds two important elements: "conditional information" and "execution time". with the new mechanism smart contract buyers and sellers will guaranteed equal rights when they both have the right set conditions together. the mechanism operation smart contract described follows: the buyer, the asset the seller, the asset generates contract receiving and distributing transfer and also create condition and execution time for when accepts the condition, receives receives but both are locked. after the end the stipulated time, implements the condition the contract will automatically unlock does not generate recovery order. proof result (por) because the legal issues related the type property, the dispute between the parties the matter proceeds and the interests received. for instance, has fulfilled the conditions but still makes recovery order, which turn affects the duration and benefits the proof result (por) algorithm added increase the security the data; and evaluate and record the reliability the parties before, during, and after the transaction. asset retention operations, previous contract use results, and encrypted transaction credentials from all parties involved the transaction are retained mainchain. based this, the algorithm will calculate the reliability indicators the participants. when contract created, will censored through algorithms including por that includes the following procedure: contract verification from the parties, verification asset ownership, verification the reliability the parties, and real-time verification based blockchain. the por will added after launch smart contract here simplified flow how realtract smart contract the blockchain the first practical smart contract the world, works: the user 'a' wants create smart contract something and goes the realtract platform make suitable smart contract the user 'a' finalizes terms conditions and include them smart contract the new smart contract listed the realtract platform with conditions and timing for execution the subject matter can asset abstract condition the user 'b' accepts the condition listed the smart contract i.e., purchase usd the user 'a' through ret tokens. when accepts the condition, receives ret, receives usd, but both ret, usd are locked. after the end the stipulated time, implements the condition the smart contract will automatically unlock both ret, usd does not generate recovery order.. after the required currency and cryptocurrency are sent, and the smart contract's terms are completed, the smart contract finished realtract evolving cryptocurrency platform that aims provide efficient smart contract creating capacity based the highly innovative technology, aiming solve the existing problems current cryptocurrency and smart contract process. application realtract and smart contract (practical smart contract) realtract driven the research and development capabilities. the mission the project build the cost-effective block chain platform and smart contract creation facility the lowest possible operational expenses. realtract will share the benefits with millions the potential and existing cryptocurrency and blockchain users. blockchain now has not just established itself technology that cryptocurrency just subset of; has also established itself the solution the two problems that all businesses face, i.e., security and lack transparency. blockchain has many use cases that show how this technology holds the potential change the world. there are many applications realtract and smart contract (practical smart contract): retailers: reduction card fee, payments, delivery contract, warranty, etc. realtract includes the ability leverage computer vision, natural language processing, external services (instagram, quickbooks, salesforce, etc.) and complex scenarios within smart contract. for example, imagine that someone wanted leverage their instagram feed writing smart contract that details how they want paid and approve the images used. user could use realtract recognize anything with leaves roots tree) video image. user could use realtract recognize document sent smart contract that contains text about man from eastern europe who traveled australia. walmart partnered with ibm's hyperledger fabric blockchain system track food shipments. from the start their journey the farm, pallets mangoes were tagged with numeric identifiers and every time they crossed checkpoint was digitally recorded via blockchain. can help simple transfer, i.e., sender transfers money recipient such grocery store. financial service: lending, distributed ledger manager big banks, investors and other financial institutions have invested millions dollars blockchain, hoping could make transactions faster, easier and more secure. can help fraud reduction. bringing all the information distributed ledger with timestamp and batches specific transactions with link another block, the blockchain technology will make impossible for the hackers breaks into the system without the timestamp the breach getting highlighted. estimated that banks spend somewhere around million million per year their 'know your customer' project. these practices are followed lower the money laundering instances and keep terrorist out the banking ecosystem. the kyc process brought blockchain, the verification time and associated cost will get lowered manifold. aig and ibm completed pilot so-called "smart contract" multi-national policy for standard chartered bank plc which the companies said the first its kind using blockchain's digital ledger technology. the standard chartered policy uses blockchain facilitate sharing real-time information for main policy written the united kingdom, where the bank headquartered, and three local policies the united states, singapore and kenya. loan was taken out buy that car, and the owner failed make payments, the smart contract could automatically invoke lien, which returns control the car keys the bank. this "smart lien" might much cheaper and more effective. realtract can enable derivatives trading ethereum. trader that believes ethereum going and wants profit, and trader that believes ethereum going down and wants profit are paired together smart contract the outcome who makes loses money dependent the market price ethereum and automatically decided smart contract realtract can enable reoccurring payments from lump sum such as: sender transfers money escrow every month, transferred the recipient like mutual fund from escrow. logistics ibm has been partnering with leading companies various industries, including danish transport company maersk, create blockchain-based products that can streamline complex international dealings across sectors. with the help blockchain, employee food chain, even customer, can grabs packet mangoes, types the identifying number the package and the entire journey appears before his eyes when they were picked, sent washed, sliced, passed through customs and border protection, and when they hit shelves. takes roughly two seconds for all this information appear. the event coli salmonella outbreak, the difference between two seconds and nearly week not only lifesaving but can save company millions dollars. plus, the ability quickly obtain these specific, secure records could help executives keep tabs the flow goods and prevent fraud. walmart trying out similar tactic with pork supply chains china. other companies are testing blockchain's potential for their logistics, e.g., everything from airplane parts, cargo shipments, etc. identifying the production processes and components and then storing the information blockchain, business can monitor their supply chain process from the raw material stage the end delivery stage. for example, walmart uses blockchain enable their employees scan the goods store's app and then track them from the harvesting stage the time reaches the store floor. the other hand, makers use the technology monitor the cargo ships. government administration public welfare the government can utilize blockchain and smart contract for various usage including even digital identities for refugees who lack official documents. imagine longer having social security card, but digital identity that couldn't hacked. wouldn't have worry about data breaches like the recent one equifax. smart contract can cover agreement prearranged set tort laws. these tort laws would defined contracts between private arbitration and enforcement agencies, while customers would have choice jurisdictions this system free-market governments. these privately practiced law organizations bear ultimate responsibility for the criminal activities their customers, need insure lack defection future payments the part customers, they may turn ask for liens against their customers, either with contractual terms allowing arrest customers under certain conditions. can extend the concept smart contracts property. smart property might created embedding smart contracts physical objects. these embedded protocols would automatically give control the keys for operating the property the party who rightfully owns that property, based the terms the contract. for example, car might rendered inoperable unless the proper challenge-response protocol completed with its rightful owner, preventing theft. this will help the government administration including police and public authorities. estonia matured 'digital republic' ecosystem shifting number its national system ethereum blockchain. healthcare the fact that blockchain comes with immutable architecture makes possible store the ehr data way that safeguarded from any all instances hacks and breaches. also, when incorporate the center medical research, the technology can even help with creation new medicine more personalized treatment regime. industrial revolution blockchain contributing big way towards the industrial revolution. many big industrial corporations are deriving benefits from blockchain technology the product development and manufacturing processes. porche, the leading automobile maker has already introduced blockchain its cars. there are number benefits that the brand accepted going blockchain brought for it, e.g., secure access vehicle, fast data transfer and better security, autonomous driving, etc. coca-cola, the beverage leader, along with the state department developing blockchain ledger which designed remove the state forced labor from across the globe. using the technology, they will develop secure registry for the workers which would help with fighting forced labor market, globally. ibm recently revealed its chip which they called the world's smallest computer that would help brands use blockchain verification authenticity the products supply chain. ibm also uses blockchain deliver distributed ledger services over different clients around the world including government, banking, logistics, and healthcare. internet things (iot) our easy use, superfast, and low cost smart contracts the blockchain would help creating micro-contracts that would enable the users execute tiny transactions cheaply and securely. such micro-contracts offer immense opportunities for the various mobile and devices and could fuel the internet-of-things. the iot sensors get exchange data the platform instead third party. also, since the devices are addressable with blockchain, businesses get access the usage history the connected devices, which comes handy time troubleshooting. online jobs blockchain proving very useful and companies are tapping the potential the blockchain for their and job related processes. blockchain can help the online job searches, finding the right job for the right candidate, verification the records and credentials the prospective employees, etc. the companies can also keep track their present and future employees with the help blockchain. smart contract can help the various online jobs and employee related aspects such job agreements, fulfillment the job related conditions, payments, employee benefits etc. ico/ipo realtract powerful that can used create ico ipos. user could easily replicate crypto lottery describing smart contract that comprises lottery, and what percent the funds are used for dividends and jackpot. case ico, realtract can help many ico investors pledge money ico recipient, and then execute the smart contract the total money pledged above million within month transferring the pledges the ico recipient, and finish the contract. vi. realtract (ret) token ret tokens would initially built the popular erc- standard. the erc- standard allows ret tokens immediately work with all the apps that conform the standard. will allow any digital currency wallet hold ret tokens. realtract easily exchangeable with other cryptocurrencies that comply with the erc- rules. realtract will exchangeable with other currencies the leading cryptocurrency exchanges. would swap erc- standard after the completion realtract mainnet. realtract token features token name symbol type total supply circulating supply real tract ret erc ,,, ,,, token allocation: realtract will have the following token allocation: before mainnet launching, might burn part the locked tokens order increase the value ret. vii. roadmap viii. marketing plan realtract will implement comprehensive plan for marketing. will list the ret tokens the major cryptocurrency exchanges. will also place ads the various popular and relevant digital platforms. our strategy focused getting the maximum attention the right type platforms suitable our image professional digital currency domain company. this will help attracting the desirable number investors. will focus the angel investors, and wealthy investors, whose investments will help attracting other investors our ret tokens. there would airdrop and bounty campaigns ensure exceptional response the realtract tokens. this will encourage the campaigners. plan offer all the coins for the airdrop and bounty campaigns. this large airdrop and bounty pool would spur the various stakeholders. ix. team the realtract team comprises highly experienced and qualified professionals. the management has great depth and breadth exposure and hands-on experience across various domains such blockchain technology, cryptocurrency, finance, marketing, etc. co-founder, vitally marinchenko https://www.linkedin.com/in/vitallymarinchenko/ project manager- core developer, alejandroj bettini https://www.linkedin.com/in/alejandroj-bettini-ba/ co- founder cto, rahul mishra https://www.linkedin.com/in/bluestmettle/ are team blockchain and crypto enthusiasts with vision capitalizing the blockchain technology with cutting-edge solutions. plan develop realtract become paradigm for blockchain platforms and applications the future with the deployment our platform and smart contract the blockchain realtract team capable handling the cryptocurrency and blockchain ecosystem effectively and efficiently with the financial resources available. the manpower would further increased keeping view the needs with the expansion the operations realtract. the staff would recruited efficiently per the actual requirements. this will help keeping the costs under control and became profitable company. references https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/byzantine_fault_tolerance https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/directed_acyclic_graph https://bitshares.org/technology/delegated-proof-of-stake-consensus/ "blockchain". https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blockchain "blockchain technology: preparing for change" (pdf). accenture. https://www.accenture.com/cn-en/~/media/accenture/next-gen/top-tenchallenges/challenge/pdfs/accenture--top--challenges--blockchaintechnology.pdf "blockchain: forget bitcoin, here comes the real thing". idealog. --. https://idealog.co.nz/tech///blockchain-forget-bitcoin-here-comes-realthing. cointelegraph: bitcoin user base surges, coinbase adds mln users month (june https://cointelegraph.com/news/bitcoin-user-base-surgescoinbase-adds--mln-users-in--month "contract bitcoin wiki". en.bitcoin.it. https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/contract coy, peter; kharif, olga. "this your company blockchain". bloomberg businessweek. https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/--/this-isyour-company-on-blockchain "ethereum whitepaper". github. https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/whitepaper "how ethereum smart contracts work? coindesk". coindesk. https://www.coindesk.com/information/ethereum-smart-contracts-work/ "smart contract". https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/smart_contract. "smart money: blockchains are the future the internet". newsweek. http://www.newsweek.com/entrepreneursmoneybusinessprofitinternetbitcointra nsactionblockchaindata-. thomas bocek. "smart contracts blockchains the wings". https://link.springer.com/chapter/./----_. "what are smart contracts" (pdf). chainfrog. http://www.chainfrog.com/wpcontent/uploads///smart-contracts.pdf. wikipedia. list data breaches. https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=list_of_data_breaches&oldid= leading the pack blockchain banking: trailblazers set the pace. https://www.ibm.com/common/ssi/cgi-bin/ssialias?htmlfid=gbpusen. gupta consensys llc. building the hyperconnected future blockchains. world government summit; https://www.worldgovernmentsummit.org/api/publications/document?id=c dc-ec--bf-ffaddb. chu ream schatsky contracts get smarter with blockchains. the wall street journal; http://deloitte.wsj.com/cio////contracts-getsmarter-with-blockchains/. butts forget bitcoin, the blockchain revolution coming. nasdaq; http://www.nasdaq.com/article/forget-bitcoin-the-blockchain-revolution-iscoming-cm. barlyn aig teams with ibm use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy. thomson reuters; https://www.reuters.com/article/us-aig-blockchaininsurance/aig-teams-with-ibm-to-use-blockchain-for-smart-insurance-policyiduskbncd. szabo smart contracts: building blocks for digital markets. http://www.fon.hum.uva.nl/rob/courses/informationinspeech/cdrom/literatur e/lotwinterschool/szabo.best.vwh.net/smart_contracts_.html. find social media: telegram group: t.me/realtractofficial telegram korea group: t.me/realtractkorean telegram channel: t.me/realtractchannel twitter: https://twitter.com/realtract medium: https://medium.com/@realtractofficial reddit: https://www.reddit.com/user/realtract youtube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucqdtef-ahyhdvarveq github: https://github.com/retnetwork