w.r ebel iou s.io whitepaper rebellious whitepaper page the rebl audit network facilitates and secures blockchain services with masternodes rebellious whitepaper executive summary the cryptocurrency industry has been going through turbulent times, with growing interest from mainstream media, tech enthusiasts and businesses worldwide. speculative hype aside, the cryptocurrency market has generated great interest the applications blockchain technology. history has proven that whenever technological innovation emerges this pace, faced with challenges. blockchain technology different. some challenges still lie the functional utility the technology; often required through series iterations before technology usable and reaches its full potential. although current discussions bitcoin and ethereum focus mainly the applied use these cryptocurrencies society, the underlying blockchain technology that supports these coins has gained enough legitimacy that major companies like ibm and microsoft are getting involved. page other challenges hindering mass adoption blockchain include high cost innovation and significant threshold adopt and implement the technology--not mention the scalability the networks and the highly speculative nature the market are considered difficulty. rebl attempts tackle the challenges inherent this technology with individualised service and expertise, and building customised blockchains standalone environments that are scalable for wide variety use cases. providing clients the option build private consortium blockchain networks, blockchain technology can successfully implemented, even when the client's use case not viable the speculative market. the main goal rebl company provide the most user-friendly blockchain-as-a-service, building customisable blockchains for e-commerce retailers and any other businesses need one, accompanied end-to-end service. the rebl blockchain fast and secure blockchain that powered masternodes and fuelled the rebl cryptocurrency. the rebl blockchain the core protocol the concept that functions the base technology. used the framework mould customisable blockchain solutions the specific needs each client. gaining foothold this fast-paced, dynamic market can difficult. that's why have deliberately opted for adaptive approach our strategy, putting the token holder the heart everything do. the rebl team has many years experience the e-commerce market, well cryptocurrencies. believe cryptocurrency developed crypto-enthusiasts for cryptoenthusiasts could change the current market for the better. together with dedicated community, aim become the most progressive blockchain solution the market. rebellious whitepaper content our motivation challenges traditional markets cost innovation current challenges the cryptocurrency space solution core development blockchain-as-a-service structure settings permission rights value options blockchain tools fully branded external factors affecting public blockchains network scalability market speculation centralised blockchain hybrid consortium blockchain decentralised blockchain technology rebl blockchain type blockchains page rebl blockchain decentralised client blockchain centralised client blockchain hybrid client blockchain definitions blockchain technical specifications block structure proof-of-stake process network consensus design goal defects currently used consensus algorithms proof-of-stake the coin age defect and improvements pos network incentives rebl masternodes masternode functionalities masternode requirements client masternodes audit nodes the rebl ecosystem cryptocurrency coin rebl coin distribution economic model coin generation (inflation) fee model (circulation) incentive structure business model product fee audit fee service fee rebl labs marketing approach development roadmap community and involvement bibliography/reference rebellious whitepaper our motivation blockchain technology has revolutionised the way see government currency monopolies. currencies like bitcoin and ethereum have shown that don't need rely central governing powers transfer money around the globe, maintain financial privacy/security, and verify ownership. the global financial page system changing and the role cryptocurrencies within this system has long been filled with hopes, questions, and plenty risks. however, it's finally becoming clear that blockchain could the heart wide variety decentralised infrastructures, including everything from cloud databases and social media platforms mesh networks and share economies. together with the internet, blockchain technology proving one the largest leaps forward since the industrial revolution and the foundation free and prosperous planet. but this future isn't something predicted hoped for it's something achieved. rebellious whitepaper our motivation page rebl, believe the power cryptocurrency and more the blockchain technology behind it. and believe now the time push this technology further. recent years, already saw huge changes that impact the future cryptocurrencies and economies global scale. with lot experience the e-commerce markets, ourselves have experienced how the mass adoption cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology general still has very long path ahead it. however, feel the current path the market traveling not leading towards this end goal mainstream adoption. blockchain technology being misused product feed very speculative and manipulative market. the combination rapidly increasing prices, individual speculation the crypto marketplace, and widely available venture capital has created environment which many investors are willing overlook traditional metrics, such price-to-earnings ratio and confidence technological advancements favour getting rich quick speculating the bubble market. the absence infrastructure and lack understanding were two major obstacles that previously obstructed mass connectivity for the internet market. for these reasons, individuals and businesses had limited capabilities what they could and what they could achieve accessing the technology. lack knowledge also brings more risk and security problems. right now, see these problems occurring the blockchain industry. due these limitations, lots businesses are side-lined during this technological revolution, even though they would like enter the playing field. rebl will provide the building blocks that can better the infrastructure and increase the understanding the blockchains' fundamentals and its immense potential. doing so, the wall that's holding businesses back from blockchain adoption will brought down. education leads understanding, and finally, with the right tools hand, adoption. rebellious whitepaper challenges traditional markets page every day, millions transactions take place either electronically hand. however, not every transaction done with cold, hard cash--a sizable chunk these transactions are performed using with vouchers, coupons, chips. also worth noting that not every transaction involves equal exchange value. good example would loyalty rewards programs like frequent flyer miles. these transactions are essentially one-way interaction. nearly all types transaction take place within their own respective ecosystem, facilitated private companies that each have processing system only compatible with their specific transactional "token", thus creating kind miniature economy. transactions fiat currency (a.k.a. "regular" money) are governed commonly accepted framework regulation, legislation, and (international) norms and guidelines determined banks and governments. however, this framework does not apply the transactions mentioned above. business that uses these moneyless transactions often encounters the following problems: the transactional systems are provided private companies. they require big investments they often require purpose-built device. they are labour-intensive they often require manual handling. they are more susceptible fraud they are not controlled governments banks. rebellious whitepaper challenges blockchain opportunities for traditional markets with the development blockchain technology, these problems can now addressed. blockchain can considered public ledger transactions that have been executed within the network. constantly growing completed blocks are added the chain previously formed blocks. these blocks are added and "stored" linear and chronological order. page with fully functional (private) blockchain network, this opens door with wide variety benefits for businesses. you have your own blockchain, there need for intermediary validate transactions; consensus mechanism used validate transactions instead. blockchain very cost-efficient. within the blockchain network, transaction fees can limited. peer-topeer transfers allow the involved parties avoid paying fees the middleman. the only hardware investment required the cost server and bandwidth. once blockchain and running, requires little manual interference. save for routine server maintenance, the blockchain basically runs itself. the complete distribution and transaction history can monitored the blockchain ledger. movements can tracked back and forth. blockchains are shared, everyone (within the scope the blockchain) can track changes the blockchain. all events that occur the blockchain are public providing transparency. result trust established and the risk fraud much lower. top that, blockchain plays crucial role providing quicker settlement transactions. there need for verification, clearance, and reconciliation because the agreed upon data already available shared ledger between the involved parties. this saves huge amount time, especially the financial industry. instant peer-to-peer transfers allow for quick exchange funds. rebellious whitepaper challenges cost innovation page one the most significant drawbacks blockchain technology uptake the ability integrate seamlessly into current systems. even business sectors that would benefit substantially from the encrypted and secure algorithms the heart blockchains, the technology needs financially viable for them adopt it. lack knowledge and understanding simply make impossible for the layman business owner integrate this into their business. due this shortage significant investment time and money research and development necessary even start. several aspects that can thought of: general blockchain knowledge--how does the blockchain function? effect the client's business model--what happens with existing and future business models? software knowledge--new programming languages. legal risk--especially decentralised settings, new risks and various legal issues will addressed. those disadvantages are slowly becoming drawbacks the past blockchain companies like rebl offer means tailoring the technology suit businesses, rather than companies having adapt their structure suit blockchains. companies would need change alter internal systems processes successfully integrate blockchain into their operations, the cost, expertise, and overall financial gains never matched up, and such, widespread use has faltered. unless you could make this technology accessible course. rebellious whitepaper challenges current challenges the cryptocurrency space external factors affecting public blockchains page the idealistic public blockchain bitcoin--a blockchain that uncontrolled, fully decentralised and immutable, serves its cause. revolutionary concept the first digitally scarce asset. however, problem that currently holding back mainstream adoption the fact that some the components that come with this public blockchain are not optimal solution for lot industries. for example, completely decentralised public blockchain vulnerable the degree economic resources one can use influence the consensus process mechanisms like proof-of-work proof-of-stake. some cases, degree private control necessary. rebellious whitepaper challenges network scalability page public blockchains have scaling issues due the accelerated growth they have experienced recent years. even though these will most likely solved, for the foreseeable future these problems will occur when the adoption rate grows exponentially-- which likely the coming years. blockchains with low throughput and transaction per second rates limit the capacity and potential adoption. the recent past have seen price swings and network clogging the open ethereum and bitcoin networks. transactions could take hours even days costing dollar plus per transaction. this undesirable for economical use. solution for more scalable network the trade-off decentralisation. one way this trade-off works changing the consensus protocol. for instance, consensus protocol that allows for small selection nodes act delegates for the community validate the network, thus making the network more efficient and the transaction throughput significantly better. for now, these protocols and the "democratic" voting system have proven highly sensitive manipulation. however, creating standalone environment utilising hybrid private blockchain specifically designed the user's preference, this could become much more efficient. rebellious whitepaper challenges market speculation page using blockchain means speculatively boost company's value seems have the market its grip. the result marginalisation product and technological development. this huge hurdle overcome for regular businesses. integrating network that uncertain and volatile very discouraging, and rationally this hurdle will not undertaken shrewd businesses. the moment, most cryptocurrencies are still primarily held investors and speculators pursuing profits from price appreciation. these cryptocurrencies are not utilised for their true utility purpose. this partly due the fact that most platforms are still development, and the utility simply not there yet. another reason for the lack actual crypto utility lies within the significant day-to-day price fluctuations. this makes lot use cases inefficient, sometimes even completely useless. rebellious whitepaper solution make blockchain technology success, adoption all levels business must. instead creating blockchain that asks users mould their business around it, each client's blockchain will customisable--whether that central, decentralised, hybrid. will work tandem with outputs match your needs via wallets, modules, and payment terminals. the functionality will expand accommodate your requirements. page mainstream adoption the very core the business model behind rebl and our revolutionary blockchain network. each blockchain developed its own standalone ecosystem, containing its own ledger, transactions, and desired, its own currency. one associated risk with blockchain technology verifying the legitimacy transactions and preventing the blockchain from being tampered with. our solution simple; storing parts the custom blockchain the central rebl blockchain. with privacy and integrity being paramount, will never retain large revealing amounts data; instead, just enough able monitor the validity our customer's blockchains, providing them with peace mind. rebellious whitepaper solution core development the core technical development client's blockchain can programmed and customised the detail. this customisation process preceded extensive decision-making process. selection questions that need answered: page you need (shared) database? does require multiple actors write? you know the writers and trust them? you want trusted party? does the blockchain need tokenized? (vs non-tokenized) are smart contracts required? need external data (oracles) trigger smart contract executions? you want transactions hidden transparent? what required make the project scalable? there are endless variables and parameters consider. summary some the parameters: permission basis--run private network with private transactions, public network which any peer can join? more this subject section network capacity--scalability crucial for long-term growth and success. target block time; e.g. minute. maximum block size; e.g. megabyte. tokenomics--an economic model must place create healthy network. e.g. variables consider: initial coin supply; e.g. pre-mine. max coin supply; e.g. inflation. block rewards; e.g. block halving static model. rebellious whitepaper solution rebl's blockchain-as-a-service page the development and implementation blockchain technology into business model costly and time-consuming. for multinational companies, small businesses, individuals adopt blockchain networks, new type service exists that gaining outstanding traction: baas, blockchain-as-a-service. tackling the technical and financial outlay required set blockchain, blockchain providers manage and customise blockchain systems for companies, rather than businesses doing themselves. with the right blockchain solution, possible for every business, regardless the industry, formulate logical and costeffective business case for blockchain integration. security risks, significant financial cost, and the substantial resource cost running blockchain are outsourced--in much the same way companies currently outsource recruitment, consultancy, and cloud-based services daily basis. so, addition the described technical developments, our focus provide the service that required for business integration. with baas, rebl maintains the core principles blockchain network. this usually includes bandwidth management, allocation resources, security protocols, and any hosting requirements. the client agrees for rebl manage these aspects the blockchain exchange for service fee. the infrastructure facilitated rebl, leaving you, the client, focus blockchain functionality and encouraging consortium users. rebellious whitepaper solution with the right aftercare, technical support, and blockchain functionality, possible for the technology become integral part business model, rather than financial risk. while some blockchains offer the basic level service listed above, rebl provides unparalleled suite tools and services aid successful blockchain integration. page our consultation process includes discussion and planning how client chain could built into your company's infrastructure, how that solution would integrate with your current operations, and which features would most suitable. rebl isn't just blockchain service; end-to-end solution blockchain integration that has the wants and needs your business its very core. the success your business the success ours! rebellious whitepaper solution structure settings permission rights page rebl creates standalone environments specifically designed the client's preferences. with minor changes the decentralised character current public blockchains, this will improve performance and abate scalability issues. this will beneficial for transaction throughput, well transaction fees, which will become negligible. centralised blockchain centralised fully private blockchain one where write permissions are kept centralised one organisation. read permissions may public restricted arbitrary extent. likely applications include database management and auditing internal single company, and public readability may not necessary many cases, though other cases public auditability desired. the core aim for centralised blockchain threefold: (a) ensure that the blockchain's activity only visible chosen participants, (b) introduce controls over which transactions are permitted, and (c) enable mining take place securely without proof-of-work proof-of-stake and their associated costs. once blockchain private, problems relating scale are easily resolved since the chain's participants can control the maximum block size. addition, closed system, the blockchain will only contain transactions which are interest the participants. rebellious whitepaper solution hybrid blockchain page hybrid consortium blockchain one where the consensus process controlled pre-selected set nodes; for example, one might imagine consortium financial institutions, each which operates node, and which must sign every block order for the block valid. the right read the blockchain may public restricted the participants. there are also hybrid routes. for example, the root hashes the blocks being public together with api that allows members the public make limited number queries. this way the members get back cryptographic proof some parts the blockchain state. these blockchains may considered "partially decentralised". decentralised blockchain decentralised public blockchain blockchain that anyone the world can read, anyone the world can send transactions and expect see them included they are valid, and anyone the world can participate the consensus process--the process determining what blocks get added the chain and what the current state is. substitute for centralised quasicentralised trust, public blockchains are secured cryptoeconomics--the combination economic incentives and cryptographic verification using mechanisms such proof-of-work proof-of-stake, following general principle that the degree which someone can have influence the consensus process proportional the quantity economic resources they can bring bear. these blockchains are generally considered "fully decentralised". therefore, will offering blockchains tailored the exact needs the industry business. whether this completely public blockchain with fully decentralised character completely private and centralised blockchain, there are endless versions possible that combine characteristics both create hybrid blockchain that perfectly suits the given case. rebellious whitepaper solution value options page the tokens generated for plug-and-play blockchains can either valued supply and demand can fixed-value utility tokens--that means speculation, trading. the fixed-value tokens will designed merely for the end-goal the client. the prices most cryptocurrencies are determined supply and demand. some variables the cryptocurrency space make that experience significant day-to-day price fluctuations. using fixed-value system, business can rely the tokens that have been distributed amongst their customers solely used for the intended use case. this will allow for great number use cases for blockchain and cryptocurrency. rebellious whitepaper solution blockchain tools page part the service that rebl offers clients the development complete blockchain platform--a business infrastructure with all the tools needed for smooth business integration and continuation. these tools will fully customised per client and integrated with end-to-end service. this chapter summary the tools that are included the complete package rebl offers. business dashboard the business dashboard backend portal that provides clients with platform manage all business the blockchain. online payment plugins will developed for payment platforms (e.g. prestashop, woocommerce, shopify, bigcommerce, magento). loyalty program user-friendly, tokenized loyalty program. easily deployable both the desktop and mobile wallets. analytic tools can integrated monitor the business and the concurrence with the blockchain. examples are sales, loyalty program and expenses, etc. rebellious whitepaper solution hardware integration point sale solution will available. payment terminals can created for direct mobile payments. page wallets every client will have the option add wallets--desktop and/or mobile. wallets can customised the client's preferences. such, they can vary from simple but secure method storage, advanced wallets with complex functionalities. the different features are not possible for all blockchains. dependent the protocol settings the customised blockchain, the wallet functionality also varies. this section will provide brief introduction the possibilities the various types wallet have. ... desktop wallet basic desktop wallets will provide the following features: secure storage--you can access your desktop wallet with private key and/or json-file. the wallet has built-in ssl encryption, which adds extra level security. transactions--you can send cryptocurrency ordinary (public) transaction. additional features: staking rewards--the desktop wallet can function node the network, helping keeping the blockchain secure. return reward giving the node for participating the process masternode rewards--the desktop wallet can function masternode the network, providing more network stability and extra functionalities. return reward giving the masternode for participating the process. instant transaction--instant transactions will facilitated through masternodes. rebellious whitepaper solution ... mobile wallet mobile wallet--provides easy access your cryptocurrency, enabling fast, in-store mobile payments and peer-to-peer (pp) transactions. page blockchain explorer blockchain explorer convenient tool that facilitates the transparency the ledger. will possible have customised explorer that provides all those with permission opportunity look into the blockchain ledger. permission rights can course implemented with different gradations. fully branded the ability communicate with consumers and/or end-users will become important factor for blockchain technology mainstream. branding very effective tool translate all the technical know-how into the comprehensible. although almost every company will have experience with marketing, communication via new technologies challenge. blockchain tech often very abstractly communicated, and since you are mostly communicating with non-experts, communication should very clear and understandable. rebellious whitepaper solution believe for cryptocurrency project successful, the community behind the project the most important. you can have the strongest project with the best use case, but you don't communicate and build community the cryptocurrency space, will very difficult compete. page you can educate and intrigue your targeted audience, cryptocurrency can great tool grow your community. however, this process very important build legitimacy and trust. the tools and applications built for our clients will completely ready for customisation and "branding". want companies able create much value and exposure with this they would like. rebellious whitepaper technology rebl blockchain rebl developing its own native blockchain. the development started and, the time writing, currently extensive testing phase. the projected release the rebl mainnet planned for page described chapter rebl wants offer clients wide variety blockchain applications that are completely customisable. this ranges from protocol settings the end-consumer's experience. blockchain technology will develop rapidly the coming years. day without innovation seems step back. after the mainnet released, the rebl blockchain will remain continuous development phase. rebl will always developing and innovating facilitate the most advanced tech available. type blockchains the core the concept the rebl blockchain, but the ecosystem will expand the future with multiple client blockchains. the client blockchains are standalone environments but will have clear and direct interaction with the rebl blockchain. rebellious whitepaper technology rebl blockchain rebl blockchain open-source blockchain validated and secured the nodes the network that run the rebl proof-of-stake consensus protocol. you can read all about the rebl blockchain architecture section and more the network consensus chapter page decentralised client blockchain blockchain designed for the client with public blockchain characteristics. fully decentralised network standalone environment. some core characteristics: the decentralised blockchains will run the standard proof-of-stake consensus protocol for network verification. the cryptocurrency coin created for the decentralised blockchain publicly tradable and valued supply and demand. the decentralised blockchain freely accessible for peers join. ... challenges with decentralised client blockchains decentralised networks will require network nodes for verification. the more active nodes present the network, the more decentralised and secure the network is. however, can challenging for businesses have well-functioning network nodes. ... rebl's solution for decentralised client blockchains all rebl masternode holders will have the chance run masternode client chain. this will provide stable base masternodes which clients can build and expand on.nodes. rebellious whitepaper technology rebl blockchain centralised client blockchain blockchain designed for the client with private blockchain characteristics. centralised network standalone environment. some core characteristics: page write permissions are kept centralised the client. read permissions may public restricted arbitrary extent. important criterion for the centralised blockchain fixed value token economics. result, the coins created will not publicly tradable. rebellious whitepaper technology rebl blockchain page ... challenges with centralised blockchains centralised blockchains that are permissioned lack form transparency. this obviously the way you have information that you not wish share with every random peer. however, work counterproductively for trust with other parties involved the network, for example regulatory compliance. with writing permissions kept central, there need for proof that the blockchain not being tampered with. the need for additional third-party audit activity the chain therefore required. however, with traditional third-party interaction, private blockchain can expensive and slow audit. ... rebl's solution for centralised client blockchains the rebl chain functions dedicated metachain for the client chains. periodically validates block header hashes the client chains that form metablocks and act anchors the rebl chain. other words, rebl will function trustless audit for centralised blockchains. comply with the integrity that required with permissioned, private blockchains, all information provided the rebl chain will the basis zero-knowledge proof. this way, rebl can provide public audit without the need share any potentially sensitive information. the moment writing are working model substantiate the above described solution. the current version the white paper will updated with technical information soon more data available. the audit functionality will added first the testnet. the testnet will always remain active alongside the mainnet. once the functionality thoroughly tested and approved can migrated the mainnet. rebellious whitepaper technology rebl blockchain hybrid client blockchain the hybrid consortium blockchain will specifically developed for each unique client. the blockchain can designed specific preferences the client and can involve both centralized and decentralized characteristics. page blockchain technical specifications the rebl blockchain built using the open-source code the bitcoin core protocol. the masternode functionalities are based the dash open-source code for masternodes. therefore, there are technical similarities bitcoin and dash. however, with the implementation the proof-of-stake consensus, there are some crucial deviations found well. this all serves good base for rebl build upon. launch date: tba blockchain type: public, decentralised, utxo based ticker symbol: rebl algorithm: phi block data block time: seconds block size maximum: block reward distribution: masternodes/% proof-of-stake difficulty retargeting: continuous (after each block) coin supply data initial supply: ..* circulating supply: ..* max supply: ..* inflation rate: --) more information the economic model available section *these numbers may differ since they depend the token swap participation rate. addition, the circulating supply may vary due extra coins that are transferred from the reserve fund into the circulating supply. rebellious whitepaper technology rebl blockchain definitions phi --a multi-hashing hybrid hashing algorithm. built using combination different hashing algorithms. the algorithms that make phi are: skein, jh, cubehash, fungue, gost, and echo. page hash--a hash cryptographic algorithm which takes arbitrary amount input data, performs lot processing it, and outputs fixed-size "digest" that data. impossible figure out the input data with just the digest. nonce--the counter used proof-of-work miners generate correct hash. unspent transaction output--unspent transaction outputs (utxo) are all the spendable outputs for given address available used new transactions. instead storing balances, digital currencies maintain complete history users' transactions, which can used work out each user's balance any point time, well the state the blockchain whole. the account balance unspent transaction outputs (utxos), with each output locked, requiring the user provide proof ownership spend utxo. rebellious whitepaper technology rebl blockchain block structure this section describes simplified version block the rebl proof-of-stake blockchain and discusses the noteworthy differences with bitcoin proof-of-work block. page newly generated block contains "block header", well some standard parameters and data. the block height value the block size number transactions the current block transaction output value difficulty the difficulty shows the change the target from its original value. the difficulty number that regulates how long takes for proof-of-stake 'miners' add new block transactions the blockchain. block 'mined' less than seconds (on average), the target moves lower. block 'mined' more than seconds (on average), the target moves higher. so, the difficulty easy way for the blockchain modify the height target. ensures that blocks transactions are added the blockchain regular intervals. the target the threshold below which block header hash must order for the block valid, and bits the encoded form the target threshold appears the block header. the bits field thus compact way storing the target the block header. rebellious whitepaper technology rebl blockchain block header page version the version number used keep track upgrades and changes the protocol. bits the difficulty target for the block. previous block hash the previous block header hash. merkle root hash the root the merkle tree the block's transactions. kernel hash hash the current's block timestamp, the staking transaction's input and the staking modifier. ... previous block hash previous block hash--this digital fingerprint (hash) the block header the previous (last added) block the blockchain. calculated taking all the fields the header together and applying cryptographic function (phi) twice rearranging the bytes the individual fields. ... merkle root hash when transaction performed the rebl blockchain, not added the blockchain immediate. first, added transaction pool. the nodes that participate the proof-of-stake gather all transaction from the transaction pool and hash them together form single line numbers. this done using hash tree 'merkle tree'. the hash the root the merkle tree the current block's transactions basically provides single-line summary all the transactions the block. once the latest transaction coin buried under enough blocks, the transactions before can discarded save disk space. facilitate this without breaking the block's hash, transactions are hashed merkle tree, with only the root included the block's hash. old blocks can then compacted stubbing off branches the tree. the interior hashes not need stored. rebellious whitepaper technology rebl blockchain page ... kernel hash timestamp--the time the current block's generation. the staking transaction data--the input the staking transaction. stake modifier--the purpose stake modifier prevent coin owner from computing future proof-of-stake generated this coin's transaction output the time transaction confirmation. the stake modifier consists bits, each which contributed from selected block given block group from the past. the stake modifier recomputed fixed time interval instead every block. this make difficult for attacker gain control additional bits the stake modifier, even after generating chain blocks. finally, all the data for the kernel hashed together. rebellious whitepaper technology rebl blockchain pow pos--nonce removal proof-of-stake can definitely compared proof-of-work technical level. also based mechanism comparable sort lottery, but the difficulty this lottery different. with proof-of-work, miners iterate through large amount hashes changing the nonce. page with proof-of-stake, the difficulty the lottery weighted depending how many coins you are staking. therefore, the big difference that not possible "get more tickets" the lottery simply changing some data the block. instead the block hash being the lottery ticket judge against target, pos invents the notion the kernel hash. the kernel hash composed several pieces data that are not readily modifiable the current block. rebellious whitepaper technology rebl blockchain proof-of-stake process this section describes simplified process proof-of-stake "mining". the creation block, the computing process and completion the process. block creation page add coinbase transaction this always the first transaction block that will allow for claiming the block reward. staking transaction special transaction that not possible the normal bitcoin blockchain. includes the concept negative fees. because all stakers know the reward, they add this reward this transaction, meaning that there are more output coins than input coins. this kind transaction only valid staking context. this point, the node collects all new transaction into block. computing proof-of-stake base difficulty staking difficulty win the right generate block, all active nodes "compete" attempting generate hash value that lower than given base target value. involves the following steps: compute the pos "kernel" hash. compute the "staking difficulty", which the base difficulty, reduced ratio how many coins you are staking. compare the kernel's hash against the staking difficulty. the hash meets the difficulty then continue, otherwise back step trying other utxos your wallet that are suitable for staking now you have valid pos block. the final step sign the block header, proving that you own the staking transaction from the first step creating the block. rebellious whitepaper network consensus consensus decentralised digital currency like bitcoin achieved requiring generated blocks contain proof that the node which generated the block solved computational hard task. unfortunately, the concept the proof-of-work-based system tends lean toward eventual self-destruction []. page proof-of-stake aims replace the method achieving consensus distributed system; instead solving the pow, the node which generates block must provide proof that has access certain amount coins before being accepted the network. generating block involves sending coins oneself, which proves the ownership. the required amount coins (also called target) specified the network through difficulty adjustment process similar pow that ensures approximate, constant block time. design goal believe for cryptocurrency project successful, the community behind the project the most important. the consensus algorithm crucial element the blockchain and the network. match these two significant variables, have designed the rebl consensus algorithm way that, our opinion, the fairest the community--not mention fast and secure. some crucial properties have considered: rewards should proportional for all rebls involved the network. this means "bigger" players not get disproportionately larger rewards for their stake. more computing power should not useful for creating the blocks. should impossible for single member the network control the entire blockchain. rebellious whitepaper network consensus defects proof-of-work consensus page the pow consensus algorithm zero-sum game which uses the competitive hash calculation determine the bookkeeper, rendering great amount wasted electric power when any blocks are fed out, and thus, the mining cost high, and the speed restricted. with the increase nodes involved mining, the probability each node obtaining the bookkeeping rights will reduced, leading continuous rise the cost stable feed-out blocks under the pow protocol. bitcoin, which continues increase the difficulty mining, has face the situation sooner later where the mining machine cannot make ends meet, while ethereum has long been considering the use the new pos consensus algorithm casper gradually replace the current pow consensus. proof-of-stake--the coin age defect and improvements pos rebl has implemented the pos consensus protocol believe one the most secure and efficient systems out there. the protocol robust and keeps nodes connected the network. disincentives inactive nodes. highly recommend reading the research conducted blackcoin the proof-of-stake consensus for more in-depth information. the research can found the bibliography, chapter this section provides simplified summary explain the basic principles the proof-of-stake consensus mechanism. with proof-of-stake, you first prove you have access coins, and from that point you can compete win blocks randomly. the more people that are competing, the more secure the block. coin age the idea that the longer you hold coins, the higher the probability you can win block. coin age calculated using the weight unspent coins and the time they have been dormant. the calculation simply "proofhash coins age target" rebellious whitepaper network consensus the proof hash, kernel hash, the hash obfuscation sum that depends stake modifier, the unspent output, and the current time. its original intention was incentivise dormant holders coins. however, this does not encourage node stay connected the network practice since they can wait for the reward increase. page therefore, solution was proposed blackcoin for pos remove coin age from the equation--"proofhash coins target". however, this system does not work because nodes can stay disconnected and with many split inputs, reconnect the network and game the reward system. also, does not give nodes any incentive stay connected. decentralised system, the more nodes connected, the better the security since shifts trust from single entity the network itself. therefore, the block reward was made constant per block the pos update. the block reward proportional the supply coins, maintaining target rate interest. the elimination block reward based time noticeable improvement. the number nodes staking drops, yearly interest increases proportionally the disconnected nodes. for example, only the network staking, you can expect times the reward. since many coins not have enough nodes, this significant advantage even smaller shareholders. although statistical data all relevant coins would time-consuming obtain, self-evident that there usually lot less than shareholders staking. think this increase incentive will undoubtedly keep the nodes more competitive. summarise, the proof-of-stake algorithm generalisation the proof-of-work algorithm. pos, the nodes are known the "validators", and rather than mining the blockchain, they validate the transactions earn transaction fee. the more coins you stake, the better chance you have successfully creating block because the weighted difficulty. rebellious whitepaper network incentives any blockchain must pay validators economically participate its consensus protocol, whether pow pos, all participants "nodes" will continually incentivised participate. the rebl network consists two types nodes. the staking node, further described the full node, and the masternode. this chapter describes the page different nodes the rebl network and how these are incentivised rewarded for participation. for rebl grow and succeed, need synergise our success and the holder's success into one flowing entity. full nodes staking node "full node" program that operates the network validating transactions and blocks and relaying them. the full nodes the rebl blockchain run the aforementioned pos consensus protocol. basically, pos transforms all stakeholders into miners. all they need collect block rewards leave their wallets running and connected the pos network. rebl masternodes alongside the full nodes, the rebl network will have masternodes run it. masternode type full node that offers various services the network and compensated the network for this service. masternodes are dedicated servers that stabilise and secure the network. rebellious whitepaper network incentives masternode functionalities masternodes are extension the regular full nodes the network. the masternodes offer extra functionality the rebl network, and thus optionally provide all clients that add masternodes into their network these additional functionalities. page instantsend feature the rebl protocol that utilizes transaction locking and masternode consensus facilitate instantaneous transactions the rebl blockchain. masternode requirements masternode server with full copy the blockchain, which guarantees certain minimum level performance and functionality. the masternodes can run anyone; however, there entry barrier the form collateral. the collateral never leaves the user's possession, can moved any time, however doing will disconnect the masternode from the network. the rebl collateral used type "trust" for the network. the collateral serves prevent sybil attacks the network, whereby attacker could create numerous masternodes and interfere with network operations. nodes with called "skin the game" are therefore less likely act maliciously. the owner moves spends the collateralised coins, the masternode disconnects and stops working. run masternode, the following required: masternode collateral: rebl vps server host the wallet dedicated address storage space save all blockchain data rebellious whitepaper network incentives client masternodes page the most prominent feature our ecosystem: rebl masternode holders can optionally add masternode from each new client that implements masternodes. the client will provide the collateral, the rebl masternode holder runs the masternodes. the more clients rebl adds the portfolio, the more masternodes rebl masternode holder will add their portfolio. block reward split the block reward, well any transaction fees, are allocated %/% structure. this means for each block, the block reward allocates masternode, and allocates full node. pos incentive structure the reward expectation for full nodes dependent multiple variables. rebl aims for each full node receive approximate interest rate yearly basis. this calculation dependent the number masternodes active the network, well the number full nodes active the network. the model will implemented with the structure mentioned above; however, will closely monitored and, necessary, revised. this done create healthy ecosystem the long-run. rebellious whitepaper network incentives masternode incentive structure page with each block that created, the block reward assigned masternode. the chances you masternode receiving this reward depends the number masternodes active the network. if, for example, masternodes are active given time, your chance receiving the reward out .%. theoretically, your roi can calculated given the number masternodes active the network. the table above shows this calculation. depending the number clients you run nodes for and the number masternodes you own, this reward can increase significantly. reward rebellious whitepaper every sec. rebl are generated reward for calculating hash for new block masternode wallets staking wallets master nodes proof stake page queue token amount token age/weight wallets are picked random order but equally divided rebellious whitepaper the rebl ecosystem chapter described the incentive mechanism provide continuous healthy network with active nodes. this mechanism inevitably incurs some cost for the network. there are two ways pay for this cost: inflation and circulation. page ensure the development phase has stable foundation will fuelled inflation. this essentially means that the economic incentive--the block rewards--for validators will consist newly generated coins, hence inflation. this inflation model will decrease the inflation rate over time. the rebl coin supply will reach maximum supply, and the generation new coins stops. thus, the inflation rate will decline and eventually zero. keep all nodes the network incentivised there must compensation for the diminishing block rewards. partially the increasing number transactions the network, thus increasing the fees per block well. but mainly, the block rewards will filled the clients who fill the block rewards with fees for rebl's services described chapter rebellious whitepaper the rebl ecosystem cryptocurrency coin--rebl the rebl token was initially launched erc token the ethereum network. are currently preparing the launch our own native rebl blockchain, which planned for page the current erc tokens will swapped ratio for rebl coins. the amount coins that will circulation yet unknown*. this dependent the conversion rate the token swap. *this section will updated once the required data available. coin utility the principal cryptocurrency the rebl blockchain the rebl coin. this utility coin that serves multiple functions the network. serves the fuel for the blockchain digital currency; used for transaction fees and gas payments (i.e. smart-contract message processing fees). but will also continually used our clients serve the smart-fee system for all business applications. more information the business model and the smart-fee system can found chapter coin distribution the coin distribution shows the circulating tokens that were airdropped the community the initial stage the project. furthermore, divided reserve fund displayed. the current coin distribution based the erc token. the coin distribution will revised once the token swap completed. rebellious whitepaper the rebl ecosystem after the tokens are swapped the rebl blockchain, the coin distribution will provide better insight true circulation distinction can made between coins circulation and coins locked masternodes. tokens have been airdropped the community page tokens will given rewards the community tokens will used pay external costs tokens are reserved for unexpected costs tokens will reserved for the rebellious team rebellious whitepaper the rebl ecosystem economic model--coin generation (inflation) fee model (circulation) page first, the distribution this economic model will rolled out what believe the most optimal way create stable network and have the reward system balance. nearly impossible develop multi-year model like this with multiple unknown variables. therefore, this model will regularly revised feedback loops. rebl economic model inflation circulation client rewards inflation transaction fees reserve funds the reserve fund rebl tokens will swapped entirely the rebl blockchain. these coins are and will full control the rebl team. the team wants state that has intention ever selling off the reserve fund. the reserve fund will solely used for activities that serve the rebl project, e.g. community work, exchange listings, advisory services, etc. rebl will always transparent about these activities and will openly communicate with the community. the addresses the funds will communicated after the swap and can thus easily monitored the community. rebellious whitepaper business model rebl's business model close baas solution, blockchain-as-a-service. baas offering that allows customers leverage cloud-based solutions build, host, and use their own blockchain apps, smart contracts, and functions the blockchain while rebl manages all the necessary tasks and activities keep the page infrastructure agile and operational. individuals and businesses are increasingly willing adapt blockchain technology. however, the technical complexities and operational overhead involved creating, configuring, and operating the blockchain and maintaining its infrastructure often act deterrents its mass adoption. most baas solutions primarily offer developer platforms designed for developers start their own development blockchain applications. the implementation process still requires knowledge and understanding, and lot time and money execute. rebl distinguishes itself the market offering complete end-to-end serviced solution. the rebl business model designed actively stimulate coin circulation, and thus create ongoing demand and utility for the rebl coin. the earnings model will separate from the token value. rebl business with earnings model that will not affected market price fluctuations. the business model runs smart-fee system entirely fuelled the rebl coin executed smart contracts. the smart-fee system divided into few different categories considered revenue streams for rebl. rebellious whitepaper business model product fee page consider the plug and play customisable blockchain the core "product" the model. our clients will initially pay standard fee for the blockchain tools) development and customisation. furthermore, via our end-to-end service, rebl can actively involved the implementation process. this starts with use case development until mainnet release and will continually remain service. client blockchain audit fee for client chain that runs private environment, the nodes the rebl network can validate blocks structured system, and thus function audit for the client chains. these blocks will added the rebl blockchain algorithm. the client required pay audit fees for this service. practice, the client will buy rebl coins from the open market and use these fill the block rewards for the blocks that are inserted into the rebl blockchain. one our customers, you will have independent and decentralised notary all rebl holdings. the purpose rebl coins clear and concise our model; the more customers attracted, the more widespread the use the rebl cryptocurrency will become. so, our customer, you will pay notary fee, something refer the "audit fee". demand and volume are all accounted for our market-leading business model. service fee the service fee periodical fee for infrastructural maintenance and performance-related services. other words, rebl provides aftercare once the blockchain fully functional. some key activities consider are for example consultancy, support, maintenance, performance, and security. rebellious whitepaper rebl labs rebl labs side project that focused developing products that support the community. the current primary focus for rebl labs enhancing the usability blockchain-related products. rebl wants stimulate mainstream cryptocurrency adoption, and ease use one the most significant drawbacks present. page the first project that currently development the multi-wallet, user-friendly multi-cryptocurrency wallet. one the features the multi-wallet will the automatic convert function. this will interact with smart contracts perform simple token swaps within the wallet. easy and safe option convert your tokens. encourage our community contact with ideas and suggestions. contact via dev@rebellious.io. rebellious whitepaper marketing approach brand vision: defining rebl blockchain-as-a-service company. with the recent explosion software-based companies general, one should not forget that blockchain can and will offered service rebl. hence, we're baas company. this integral part our identity. page use case development/product market fit the following months, we'll working toward educating the market about the possibilities the blockchain. the most important aspect this convince end clients that rebl viable business solution that can applied over broad field operations, relating company's tech infrastructure having transactional nature. clients can set various token platform incentivisation mechanisms with the benefits usage mind. short list examples use cases, this list course not exhaustive: custom event tokens payment solution--fraud resistance and customer experience festivals events which incorporate tokens payment method often encounter two main problems for the user: waiting time receive the tokens and the exclusivity the token only letting swappable that specific event. with events setting their own tokens, they'll able get more insight into their transactional data compared issuing traditional tokens, which are also not always subject refund. the loyalty market--cost savings and faster incentivisation structure creating loyalty-focused application offers versatility, allows you reward customers before purchasing product, well giving you insight into your promotional campaign. most importantly, prevents overspend your loyalty campaign. rebellious whitepaper marketing approach marketing strategy page rebl will expand the following efforts maintain rebl's exposure, and these efforts will supported continuously. general marketing efforts: advertising, sponsorships, promotions and events. community building/brand engagement: content production, community building, maintenance and expansion. market making: creating demand, availability exchanges, liquidity sponsorships the goals sponsorships are follows: increase brand awareness strengthen brand image show good citizenship add value product increase sales reach specific target audience believe that having our name present major events will help with contributing toward becoming global brand. we've started small with community-initiated initiatives, and we'd like continue developing our brand image. our primary goal for sponsorship marketing also consists creating strategic synergies, which turn will help our target audience become associated with both the sponsored brand and our own brand. since we're engaging with many young tech enthusiasts, we'll most likely present events visited these people. rebellious whitepaper marketing approach promotions and events blockchain and cryptocurrency events which enthusiasts and professionals come together will important catalyst for getting the rebl brand known across the globe. page collaborations the importance collaborating with like-minded projects crucial getting our customer base growing steadily, meaning very likely you'll see featured among other leading cryptocurrency projects. rebellious whitepaper development roadmap page listing bit-z wallet whitepaper token burn rebranding wallet ledger wallet support alpha testing rebl blockchain wallet trezor wallet support listing upcoin listing idex listing ethershift closed beta testnet release whitepaper launch mainnet rebl blockchain token swap blockchain wallet release masternodes included expected go-live shardax and listing rebl multiwallet integrates erc functionalities expected go-live eterbase and listing rebl business dashboard and blockchain business tools ios and android mobile wallets hardware development point sale solutions rebellious whitepaper community and involvement the rebl project led group true crypto enthusiasts who intended build cryptocurrency platform driven the community. the rebl core team consists members, each whom shares common background the e-commerce space. diverse collaboration individuals with varying disciplines, the team can page divided into categories but operates flat organisation. the technology team: consists senior developers with background web, app, and blockchain development. the marketing communications team: consists employees. all blockchain enthusiasts with former experience e-commerce and background marketing communications, graphic design, and content creation. the community management team: consists core members who manage the community and the community moderators. rebl has strong social media presence. while twitter our main announcement channel, are also present facebook, cryptocompare, youtube, vkontakte, reddit, bitcoingarden, medium and github. furthermore, have active telegram channels with over moderators languages. twitter and telegram are our main channels due their ease interaction. github will our code repository and medium will used post our blogs. rebl have acknowledged that having active, involved community the key success. rebl started unorthodox building community first. hence, believe that these initiatives give advantage. also known that make crypto successful, one should have substantial user base make considerable part the tech landscape. rebellious whitepaper community and involvement have dedicated community telegram channels, rebl offers the following language palettes: english german spanish page russian turkish balkan region japanese portuguese hebrew dutch arabic romanian french filipino every community has native community admin present give you local vibe. with the factors that community should identify with oneself and have somewhat local feel, we're confident that this strategy excellent approach. for up-to-date list our telegram groups, see https://www.rebellious.io/community/ facebook: https://www.facebook.com/rebelliouscoin cryptocompare: https://www.cryptocompare.com/coins/rebl/influence/btc bitcoingarden: https://bitcoingarden.org/forum/index.php?topic=. youtube: https://www.youtube.com/rebelliouscoin vkontakte: https://vk.com/rebelliouscoin reddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/rebelliouscoin medium: https://medium.com/@reblcoin github: https://github.com/rebellioustoken rebellious whitepaper bibliography reference page satoshi nakamoto bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system. retrieved from: https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf pavel vasin (). blackcoin proof-of-stake protocol. retrieved from: https://blackcoin.co/blackcoin-pos-protocol-v-whitepaper.pdf vitalik buterin (). public and private blockchains. retrieved from: https://blog.ethereum.org////on-public-and-private-blockchains/ nicolas courtois. the longest chain rule and programmed self-destruction cryptocurrencies, bitfury group collaboration with jeff garzik. public versus private blockchains part permissioned blockchains. https://bitfury.com/content/downloads/public-vs-private-pt-.pdf bitfury group collaboration with jeff garzik. public versus private blockchains part permissionless blockchains https://bitfury.com/content/downloads/public-vs-private-pt-.pdf nebulas team (). nebulas technical white paper the value-based blockchain operating system and search engine https://nebulas.io/docs/nebulastechnicalwhitepaper.pdf investopedia blockchain-as-a-service https://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/blockchainasaservice-baas.asp gideon greenspan. multichain private blockchain white paper. https://www.multichain.com/download/multichain-white-paper.pdf jordan earls. proof stake mining. http://earlz.net/view/////proof-of-stake-mining-how-it-actually-works