the next generation music database platform with ethereum where anyone can participate record project record foundation "manage your music contents" ver. contacts general inquiries: record foundation pte, ltd. anson road international plaza singapore e-mail official@recordfoundation.org web www.recordfarm.com service www.recordfoundation.org ico www.recordfoundation.org recordfarm uses blockchain technology safeguard the rights artists. unlike the unaccountable copyright management and unclear profit distribution current music services, recordfarm ensures clear profit distributions and transparent transactions between the artists and listeners. well enabling direct transactions with intermediary, recordfarm records copyright information the blockchain ledger permanently. recordfarm revolutionizes traditional music service platforms dataing both artists and listeners. listeners pay small amount consume music, but they can compensated more than what they have paid. this because listeners amplify the influence music interacting with the form voting, commenting and sharing. based their level contribution, listeners are dataed with record (rcd) tokens, which can used purchase music and other related goods. our goal nurture active and dataing platform, where listeners are compensated fairly for their contributions that increase the value our platform. based recordfarm's expertise over the past three years, attractive and competitive blockchain-based platform will built which will reinforce the investment value. the recordfarm that are envisioning powerful platform that compels both artists and listeners frequent the platform. multiply our impact, will proliferate record token-based services, eventually constructing record token economy. with this, will greatly augment the value our record (rcd) token. explanation record ecosystem record foundation: organization managing record (rcd) tokens record (rcd) token: cryptocurrency within record ecosystem recordfarm: open music platform served record foundation record ecosystem: distribution ecosystem using rcd tokens with the purpose protecting rights via transparency and fair compensation 'record,' used refer the token the name our project, capitalized distinguish between 'record,' which commonly used refer audio contents. executive summary "recordfarm blockchain music data platform" this paper describes the world's first data-based music platform, recordfarm, where artists and listeners are fairly rewarded for their value creation music content with the cryptocurrency, record (rcd) tokens, within the record ecosystem. recordfarm, decentralized platform based ethereum, blockchain-based music platform that rewards content creators with rcd tokens relative the amount 'likes' 'voting' the content has received. recordfarm plans build the world's first data-based music platform service for artists who have not only struggled post and share music, but also receive fair compensations for their work. the reward system based blockchain technology. transparency ensured, all activity recorded and made public the blockchain, which cannot hacked altered. this nature blockchain ensures that the artists' works are recorded safely recordfarm's platform. compensation recordfarm based rcd tokens which are immune exchange fees which plague non-cryptocurrencies internationally. thus, matter the number countries served, not need establish local currency conversion contracts which skim from total profits. operating expenses are further reduced the blockchain's burden sharing system. spreading the data from decentralized server with cryptocurrency miners, costs operating recordfarm's servers and resources are greatly reduced. all the savings from these harnessed innovations will returned our artists and listeners. another core feature the record ecosystem the roles listeners play. traditionally, listeners acted exclusively consumers forking over cash whenever they managed music subscribed database service, but this newfound record ecosystem, listeners can also compensated. audio consumers often devote their time curation activities, such sharing and voting music. this crowd behavior directly evaluates the competitiveness and value the music content. believe that this interaction between listener and content fundamentally encourages good music that the people want. for this elemental reason, hold that only fair that reward any listener who acts 'value co-creator.' this sense, recordfarm not just any run-of-themill platform. the next generation music platform that emerged solution the problems rampant unfair profit distribution that characterizes the traditional music industry. honest and astounding rewards for creators and listeners record foundation its path build unprecedented music platform. the information provided this paper may edited developed further based advice from our advisory committee any other insights. background with the emergence the internet and players the music being consumed ubiquitously all times. nowadays, listeners longer solely just listen music, but they also expand the influence music through active engagements, such sharing and liking. other words, listeners are increasing the value music through curations and are playing everimportant role the music value model. however, the traditional music industry still focusing entirely distributions and transactions music. while the influence and power record labels, music distribution services and production companies have grown, fair compensations for artists and listeners are still not taking place. realizing the necessity fair compensations for value-creating works artists and listeners, record foundation started the recordfarm project. recordfarm the first project record foundation and have already entered the market with fully functional music platform. adding blockchain technology onto our existing platform, are the path developing new music ecosystem with systematic approach rewarding artists and listeners with fair compensations that they have always deserved. mission statement 'promoting the value music and inspiring people live better lives' music unparalleled source inspiration for people the modern days. music allows reminisce about the pleasant poignant past, motivates achieve greater goals, and often heals our mind. helping artists focus solely producing creative works, more diverse and sensational music will created move the minds many. the only way achieve this reward artists and listeners fairly. vision 'asia's first best blockchain-based music contents ecosystem' the lack access symmetric information has caused problem artists being excluded from relevant facts. aim solve this problem building decentralized music platform using blockchain technology, which minimizes eliminates the intermediary's role, allowing artists and listeners compensated fairly. recordfarm already developed and operating successfully the market. gained artists and reached million monthly active users, demonstrating our success. based this achievement, hope launch recordfarm with ethereum platform and ipfs. with this model, our ambition attract more artists, million monthly active users, and manage copyright and royalties around new songs per day this just the beginning. long problems compensation for creators persist, will continue develop. table contents table contents musicians, greatest compensation listeners, unexpected rewards investors, greatest profits nothing impossible with record foundation current problem copyright management ever since the formation the music industry, copyright management and profit distribution have been persisting issue. however, has become increasingly harder track pirated contents due the universalization digital music. result, more than one-third percent) internet users accessed unlicensed music content according the research ifpi (international federation the phonographic industry). this figure only accounts for desktop users, the total figure expected higher when including mobile users. copyright database presents another problem, poor management during the stage copyright registration widespread the music industry. this includes the collection inaccurate data music contents, such melodies and lyrics, copyright holders. eventually these inaccuracies reach stage where difficult correct this information. according south korean government report the past four years, the four major online music providers south korea have not paid royalties over million usd rights holders due the absence accurate copyright database management. for similar reasons, spotify, the world's leading music platform, agreed pay million usd after settling legal dispute over copyright violation with the nwpa (national music publishers association). these events surface desperate need solid and trustworthy copyright management system. profit distribution digital revenues increased billion usd, driven steep growth streaming revenue, the largest growth years. despite these improvements, artists take away only small portion the profit generated from their own work. take for example, was revealed that spotify's average payout labels and publishers per stream was between and $.. after the labels take their share, the average payment signed artist was around $., figure more than times less. further exacerbate the problem, this payment given months after and the music-usage data used calculate the revenue were not shared. these complications have led taylor swift, world-famous pop star, delete her music from spotify and stop releasing her future albums spotify. figure global digital music industry revenues (source: ifpi, centralization and nontransparency 'loss copyright information, small profit distribution, delayed payments and lack payments data' these myriad problems rooted the problem 'lack transparent information' due centralization. 'unclear distribution profit' between the intermediaries and the artists has been continued practice the industry since even before the emergence digitized music. the archaic hierarchy main distribution companies managing all the data due the lack technical skills has been continuing ever since. artists can demand their rights only when the transparency information guaranteed. for instance, artists could monitor their content usage online real time, society where artists are evenhandedly rewarded would already established. until now, artists don't have the opportunity solely focus content creation. thus, the real opportunity cost 'centralized management information' the forfeiture our chance enjoy wide range diverse music. "unless something fundamentally changes the streaming business model, streaming service going make money anytime soon." mark mulligan, managing director midia research then, where's the solution? 'launch ico, then develop' not the direction intend take. unlike other ico firms, hope successfully launch recordfarm first, then transition into recordfarm based our technological skills accrued over time through years blockchain research. with years unparalleled technological skills and business expertise, are confident that will not one the firms that surface briefly and disappear into thin air. shin, recordfarm ceo solution: recordfarm "the blockchain-based music copyright management platform" recordfarm was artist-based open market service that allowed anyone share and sell their music, recordfarm will the first listener-based music ecosystem based blockchain, where copyright information managed the most transparent manner and listeners' activities directly lead the artists' profits. full understanding recordfarm crucial when discussing understanding the recordfarm platform. recordfarm with its open platform, recordfarm already reached million monthly active users and was selected facebook global venture project recordfarm times larger than either musicoin voise, both which recently issued tokens. utilizing blockchain technology our market accepted music platform, plan expand our business. figure recordfarm. web/app view figure recordfarm metrics monthly active users artists total plays official facebook page fans gender ratio global users ratio awards and press asia music app top mwc, selected fbstart partner facebook, google app editor's choice, k-global db-stars top project, korea data agency award, posession key technology social network technology: recordfarm provides social audio platform that allows anyone worldwide, regardless time and space, easily make their own music and share it. users enjoy multitude functions, such streaming, uploading, recording, newsfeed and sharing albums pc/mobile web, android and iphone. (patent --: web server for audio-based social networking service and method provide) machine learning based personalized contents: selection and recommendation music that caters the user's personal interests and tastes are made possible through collaborative filtering, which analyzes similarity between users. contents market service technology: possess system that calculates artists' profits and royalties. based big data, revenue statistics are analyzed, encouraging artists understand consumption tendencies their fans, thereby maximizing profits. also, fiat currencies are still preferred, creators can sell their products through their chosen outlets through our alliances with paypal, stripe and danal. figure user-to-user indirect similarity function (recordfarm recordfarm platform framework figure recordfarm platform framework recordfarm open-market music platform, composed three function modules: storage, management, application. storage module: record blockchain storage function composed ipfs storage module network where user and contents data are saved. composed blockchain that holds distributed records copyright information and usage history and interplanetary file system (ipfs) that saves contents distributed manner. first all, record blockchain records the music's copyright information that artists have registered recordfarm based ethereum smart contracts, details works used through the management module are all established with smart contracts ensuring transparency allowing anyone browse through the information real time. also, illegal distribution prevented saving contents ipfs encrypted state using aes bit (advanced encryption standards) and recording key value the copyright information that recorded the blockchain ledger. greater rewards are given creators and participants breaking from the tradition centralized database and using ipfs's distributed file system that minimizes maintenance and operating expenses. management module: management users and contents management module connects storage and application. analyzes information from the application module and manages the general function inputting and outputting data the storage module. application module: provision application programs application module refers all application programs that users use and utilize. recordfarm provides various application programs web, mobile and apps and through this, users can access data within the platform. furthermore, third party library and protocols are being planned for provision, enabling participation our network from not only recordfarm, but also other diverse services. platform network the network recordfarm maintained organic formation relationships between various interested parties. artist listener recordfarm parties rcd token record foundation investor pos participant figure recordfarm platform network artist (value creator) one the most immediate interested party, artists want high rewards for their contents, transparent management copyright information and active communication with fans. opening the record ecosystem, artists play the role value creators, creating contents and uploading them onto recordfarm. publishers (value co-creator, value accelerator) publishers are also one the immediate interested party the platform, who hold desires consume diverse selection high-quality music. they play the role value co-creators, subscribing music data management and also spreading the influence music through curations, such voting, commenting and sharing. the same time, value accelerators, they accelerate the creation value the platform, fueled the tokens they receive rewards for their curations. recordfarm (value network) recordfarm open platform where artists and listeners with different needs are united under the common need 'financial reward.' value network where anyone can plant and create value the form contents. parties (token expander) using recordfarm's api, third parties provide diverse services and increase profits. constructing open market composed album productions, video contents, sale goods and auction copyrights, third parties increase the value rcd tokens expanding the use the tokens. rcd token (unit for monetized value) rcd token the main reward token that maintains the ecosystem, that value can distributed within the record ecosystem. generated creating blocks and aside from compensations that towards pos participant, the rest returned artists, listeners and other participants through record foundation. record foundation (token issuer) record foundation the organization managing rcd tokens, cryptocurrency that will consumed beginning with recordfarm. manages the token ico and will lead later projects for fair compensations for creators, starting with token management and record project. pos participant (token producer, value advocate) rcd tokens are generated with pos system and the some the tokens can possessed reward for generating tokens. pos participant important party that directly maintains the record ecosystem. technology features figure internal platform architecture recordfarm smart record contract figure smart contract smart record contract smart contract that signed when artists register their own genuine works records recordfarm. ethereum makes smart contracts possible having the contracts written codes the blockchain. information such copyrights, transactions and usage history are recorded record blocks through code functions. recordfarm plans utilize this smart contract, which will work 'multi-signature,' that transactions take place only when required percentage people agree. smart contracts also help manage contracts between users. include functions state compiled codes and synchronize them through blockchain. smart contracts are implemented with the information included transactions inputted code functions and these results are saved separate state. other words, user's contracts the sense solidity collection code (its functions) and data (its state) that resides specific address the recordfarm blockchain. thus, when user attempts buy use music, contract signed automatically, and payment made, which enables direct transactions without intermediary. because recordfarm based blockchain and smart contracts, everyone the world can easily and safely view the contracts and transactions recorded blockchain. ipfs ipfs (interplanetary file system) protocol that allows sharing and storing hypermedia peer-to-peer distributed file system. this distributed file system connects all computing devices with the same system files and provides high throughput content-addressed block storage model, with content addressed hyper-links. new peer-to-peer hypermedia protocol, our ipfs technology will save large amount contents distributed manner, remove duplications across the network and track version history for every file. will built the form merkle dag, data structure capable building file systems, blockchain and webpages. ipfs combination distributed hash table, incentivized block exchange and selfcertifying namespace. has single point failure and individual nodes not have trust each other. thus, each network node only stores content interested in, and some indexing information that helps figure out who storing what. record blockchain, the music contents uploaded recordfarm users will indexed the smart contract hash, which permanent and sophisticated record our blockchain. the hash represents ownership the track. histories data managements will tracked similar pattern, which makes sure that those who buy listen music can access the information any time well providing safeguarded access the files and the files themselves the process. figure ifps rca (record consensus algorithm) record ecosystem, developed based the ehtereum protocol, will use consensus method similar proof stake (pos) create new blocks. the pos method more efficient compared the pre-existing method, proof work (pow), and has the advantage not needing expensive mining equipment. also, blocks can created faster rate, allowing rapid transactions take place the record ecosystem. aside from the compensation that goes pos participants for creating blocks, the tokens from the creation blocks are distributed among participants through record foundation. the ratio distribution between the pos participants decided the ratio rcd tokens possession. rrs (record ranking system) the blockchain-based recordfarm, all users retain anonymity. unless the users reveal the information themselves, users not have through registration processes that require inputting their personal information. however, prevent single person from influencing our ecosystem owning multiple accounts, information such telephone numbers and email addresses will required the registration processes. because anonymity, users with malicious intents behaviors may surface recordfarm. order impose restrictions these malicious users and maintain healthy platform, ranking system will constructed. the rank for each account will decided relative the activity scores and rcd tokens possession. the conditions below show how rankings are decided. number content transactions curation scores from other users registered contents communication scores from responses from other users registered contents number rcd tokens paid when purchasing contents number rcd tokens received when selling contents number rcd tokens possession length activity number visits the conditions above are limited activities within the platform activity scores are developed relative this index, but they are not absolute. these conditions are fulfilled, the complexity proceed the next rank increased. other words, the higher the rank, the more complex the conditions become proceed the next rank. the detailed activity scores these conditions are based machine learning based ranking algorithm and are given weight according the activity patterns users. there are multiple benefits received accounts with high ranks. the contents posted users with high ranks are exposed more other users the platform. furthermore, more users can view the contents for longer periods time, increasing the possibility earn greater profits. accounts with high ranks can reap higher incentives being part the content registration confirmation process. however, the accounts that display consistently low (or negative) ranks are barred from using the ecosystem and lose the privilege accessing the platform. ranks for each account updated real time, and the accounts that have displayed malicious behavior the content registration process received numerous complaints from other users will experience decrease their rank. through collaborative filtering, recordfarm provides various personalized recommendation services its listeners and musicians. collaborative filtering finds similar users with similar patterns based the user's activity information (history playbacks, votes, visits, etc) and recommends new contents that the user may interested based their activity histories. with recordfarm's distinct ranking algorithm, are currently providing top-tier personalized audio, playlist, musician recommendations and ranking analysis users. this technology has been evaluated one the top data analysis skills the korea data agency recordfarm will apply this technology not only song recommendation services, but also user rankings. based the activity scores, collaborative filtering technology will display information the form directed graph, where users are nodes and similarity are edges. ranking system composed stages will built, introducing personalized page rank based this technology. through this, users with high ranks can receive higher rewards and this ranking system will serve important role preventing misuse abuse the platform. summary activity score calculations recordfarm, the token rewards for users are different based the user's rank. for instance, listeners carried out equal levels curation activities one song, the rewards portion the profits from the song) are distributed relative the user's rank. for the rrs explained accurate system ranking users, algorithm for activity scores necessary. currently, record project possess its own algorithm function accumulated recordfarm please refer the roadmap section see the announcement schedule for the new algorithm that plan for development. curation scores curation activity great method for increasing the value contents. through activities such voting and sharing, the competitiveness contents increased; textual feedback, such comments and blogging, serves reference data for artists' future works. rewarding listeners who are contributing the artists' works through various ways, the core value that our project has put forth. through additional verification (replies comments voting comments), curation activities can shape each user's reputation. thus, recordfarm's reputation algorithm includes both qualitative and quantitative analysis. users can't merely carry out large number curation activities, but have carry out high-quality ones. this, need algorithm for setting standard for 'high-quality' and extracting curation activities that meet these standards and assigning different scores each activity. accurate reputation algorithm will motivate listeners continue carrying out high-quality curation activities. communication scores artists can also communicate with listeners who have consumed their contents. this includes various methods, such replying comments voting comments. when carrying out these activities, artists get high communication scores for contributing the platform's high contribution function. the communication scores only count for the artist's own works, different concept from the reputation score explained above. this process, the owner the curation who has received responses from artists are rewarded additional reputation scores. communication scores influence artists' compensation, but will also serve motivation factor that allows close bonds formed between artists and fans. advantages recordfarm our team's goal develop 'blockchain based music service platform' that effectively uses blockchain's distributed ledger technology, allowing creators distribute their contents worldwide instantly while also having their rights protected. believe this change will bring the following advantages the participants recordfarm platform. for artists tracking content use with the transparency blockchain and smart contracts, artists can issue appropriate licenses and listeners can prove their license ownership through the ledger, without the need intermediary. this will enable artists not only track where and how their music being used, but also precisely calculate the amount usage. maximizing profits artists can expect earn high profits selling permanent rights their music files fans the recordfarm platform the absence intermediaries. specifically, artists can set their own minimum purchase prices for when users manage their contents. listeners can only manage contents when they pay amount exceeding that the minimum price. recordfarm only takes away the commission the process data management. this commission minimum operating expense that artists pay, for the circulation the recordfarm ecosystem. through recordfarm's platform, accurate profit distributions and transparent transactions are made possible, well generating maximum profits from the high distribution ratio. the other hand, when artists communicate with fans who have left feedback their contents, the artists' activity scores will increase because they have contributed the platform, thus increasing the artists' rank based the rrs (record ranking system). other words, artists who communicate more often the platform will achieve higher and thus more profitable ground when distributing profits between different artists, such when dividing data fees. for publishers fulfilling desires for diverse music one recordfarm's distinguishing feature that enable both individual artists and prominent artists signed major record labels able directly deliver their music listeners, without involving intermediaries. traditional music platforms, the releases from major record labels were always prioritized and advertised actively, leaving little room for individual artists noticed. however, recordfarm, this decided based listeners' voluntary curations. thus, listeners can enjoy ever-varied contents from many different artists. listening music while being rewarded listeners add value music through curations such voting, sharing commenting the contents. recordfarm provides fair compensations for these contributions. from the listeners' perspective, they are earning additional incomes that have not been possible any other existing music platforms. interacting directly with artists listeners admire content creators with their high-quality works and thus have desires interact with them directly. recordfarm, listeners can give reviews leave feedbacks contents. this process, high-quality curations lead higher ranks and higher reward ratios. similar fashion, aside from music data management, artists can gain higher reward ratios carrying out communication activities with listeners. communication between artists and fans are encouraged systematic manner. investors following the rrs (record ranking system), investors who have purchased tokens can become high ranking users recordfarm depending the quantity the tokens they have purchased. based this, they can receive more tokens reward. tokens can liquidated the exchanges the near future. investors can also purchase music recordfarm and use the tokens for various upcoming services the open market that being prepared, such purchasing tickets, goods concerts. figure record token connect stakeholders the ecosystem rcd token usage lastly, recordfarm provides convenient token economy for all participants. first and foremost, rcd tokens can used for transactions between creators and copyright holders between buyers recordfarm. rcd tokens, payments solution representative recordfarm, exclusive cryptocurrency that can used for transactions. content users and buyers can pay using rcd tokens and creators will receive rcd tokens exchange. the rcd tokens can exchanged cash can used buy contents from other creators. using rcd tokens that are universal global blockchain network like recordfarm, eliminate the inconvenience having adjust the fluctuating currency rate every day. furthermore, using rcd tokens for payments, the unnecessary time and expenses spent intermediaries can greatly reduced and payments can completed easily and quickly. rcd token has liquidity, can traded the exchanges transferred from one wallet another. participants recordfarm can retrieve rcd tokens through various ways. these retrieved tokens can then utilized use possess contents shared others freely. rcd token, global payments system for transactions music other related contents worldwide, planned used for services not only limited recordfarm, but also for concerts, tickets and related goods with api. business model figure business model data management when listeners use data management services, they pay service fees artists directly. during this transaction, recordfarm takes away commission around this figure minuscule compared the major music platforms and distribution companies that collect commissions around data analytics manage and possess music, users can purchase audio prices that artists have set. this process, recordfarm takes away commission around this figure, again, extremely small when lined against the large music platforms and distribution companies that charge rates around open api with recordfarm's open api, parties can provide variety new services and participate the record ecosystem. when parties integrate the ecosystem, they must pay fees for using recordfarm's general database through the market. furthermore, using recordfarm's own analysis technology, data regarding behaviors recordfarm's users can provided music media music data services, securing source earnings. market size according the ifpi (international federation the phonographic industry), the music industry has grown significantly recent years, mainly due the expansion the digital industry. the world's music market grew compared the previous year, which was the most rapid growth rate since ifpi started collecting market statistics from the ifpi predicts that the market will grow compared the billion usd increase with the music industry's spontaneous growth projections and the trend globalization, the demand for transparent rights and royalty management continues increase. figure global annual recorded music value projected $bn competition there are two different types competitors: blockchain-based music platforms and traditional music data management firms. first all, terms the blockchain based music platforms, there have been several attempts integrate blockchain technology into music platforms, such voise, muse, opus and musicoin. many these competitors have launched icos, but none them provides fully completed platform service. musicoin, which displays greater progress the others, was created february but still only offers limited functions music service platform. whereas musicoin has mere artists signed according their recent announcement, recordfarm already hosts over artists. key advantage our marketability and expertise technology, which acknowledge worldwide, with inhouse built service which home million monthly active users. others have taken notice well, recordfarm was selected facebook global venture project. with these outstanding qualities, reliable credit, successful platform and team with unparalleled skills the technology sector, are confident that will able launch our upgraded service into the market much shorter time than our competitors. although traditional music firms such spotify and soundcloud, are our competitors, their current business models are the source financial dubiousness. top this, they are suffering from growing net losses since proving that their current business model not sustainable. figure net losses major music platforms marketing strategy online marketing anyone can participate recordfarm and our services can advertised multitude ways, including facebook page with around users. recordfarm operating various social media platforms listed below: social media: facebook, twitter blog: medium, bitcointalk, steemit, github sem: google adwords search and network campaigns influencer celebrity marketing influencer and celebrity marketing extremely powerful marketing tool entertainment related services. problems involving royalties and the low levels profit distribution artists are being highlighted more often and many agree that these problems need addressed. establishing partnerships with prominent artists and others involved the music industry, will expand our global pool artists and listeners who lie the heart the record ecosystem. with this, the platform's value well the value rcd tokens will greatly heightened. through partnerships, are the process preparing various marketing strategies pioneer new markets. compensations will take place with rcd tokens the future. press running recordfarm for years, were able accumulate multiple domestic and foreign media networks. based our verified technology and marketability after receiving mwc top asia music app, korea data agency award, k-global db-stars top project and facebook partnership, were the spotlight several times thanks list domestic and foreign press agencies. furthermore, record foundation has called forth the proficiency leading advisors who have years experience the field media. won't only rely these connections, but also release insightful statistics the music industry using our own analytics engine. this data will information that the press will actively seek out, and subsequently align the press agencys' object 'providing information' rather than simply 'advertising.' token distribution overview although myriad projects are raising funds based solely idea and whitepaper, detached from actual service, have been successfully running our service for years. our service has acquired wide user base, established business partnerships and received numerous media coverage, all which acknowledges our business value. and now, ascend our organization new level, are planning launch ico. decided fund further development the service with ico because three main reasons: bring about decentralized database implement curation algorithm carry out aggressive global partnerships record foundation already secured angel investment. this reassures our credibility token buyers, they are contributing project that has gone through the rigorous scrutiny due diligence vcs and angel investors. total million rcd tokens will generated the ico and will distributed the following ratios. figure token distribution the total generated tokens will sale for the ico, for founders team months vesting period), for building the recordfarm ecosystem, for investors, for advisors and ambassadors, and for the bounty program. overview record (rcd) token sale: name token: record symbol: rcd type: erc token price: rcd usd fundraising goal: usd contribution method: eth total number tokens generated: rcd total number tokens sale: rcd (%) figure token logo the ico will composed the pre-sale and crowdsale. the crowdsale will divided into three rounds: and pre-sale: starts april (gmt) crowdsale: starts april june (gmt) minimum contribution amount: rcd maximum contribution amount: rcd for pre-sale and rcd for crowd sale *unsold tokens will burned the ico not successfully completed (hard cap). the ownership the token does not include the right of/to: ownership the company ownership the service's demand profits from the service participation decision making (*exceptions can made the event special occasion) pre-sale date: april (gmt) april (gmt) token exchange rate: rcd usd discount) minimum contribution amount: rcd maximum contribution amount: rcd contribution method: eth eth/usd exchange rate will locked based april and will valid for the entire time. main sale: round a,b,c date: april (gmt) june (gmt) round until the first rcd all sold discount) round until the second rcd all sold discount) round until the third (last) rcd all sold (no discount) *unsold tokens will burned the ico not successfully completed (hard cap). *if hardcap not reached, there bounty rewards. minimum contribution amount: rcd maximum contribution amount: rcd contribution method: eth eth/usd exchange rate will locked based april and will valid for the entire time. schedule token distribution after ico distribution tokens the purchaser's account located our website (recordfoundation.org) will completed accordance with the terms and conditions provided the website, the later of: within two weeks upon completion the token sale, within two weeks from the date when the hard cap reached. (however, note that record foundation may extend the delivery deadline necessary, order address any unforeseen technical difficulties. the event this occurs, purchasers will notified through the record foundation official website), within two weeks after the purchaser has provided complete and accurate information required kyc (refer for information regarding kyc). use funds figure use revenue r&d and employees this percentage funds will used cover the fees for the development the platform, which includes: necessary interfaces and applications; tools for creating smart contract; blockchain solutions for building system dispute settlements. this budget also includes the costs for the expansion the current r&d center, well fees for additional consultations with experts the field. administration operations this budget allocated cover the expenses the back-office, well the salaries all the employees, excluding the development center. marketing education campaigns have allocated the budget for online marketing campaigns for attracting advertisers and bloggers and for retaining users. you can find out about the project's marketing initiatives the marketing strategy" chapter. legal this budget will cover the legal expenses for platform development and operation. know your customer ("kyc") any time during the ico process, after the completion the ico, record foundation will send request each purchaser provide information verify his/her identity. the purchaser will required provide copy his/her (passport, driving license national card), and residence information. record foundation reserves the right, its sole discretion, request the purchaser provide additional information, including, but not limited to, the address, source funds, any other information purchaser's account (form), such the date birth, citizenship country residence. completion kyc required and fundamental condition token distribution. all purchasers are required complete the kyc procedure purchase tokens. bounty campaign have allocated tokens communication managers, participants the open bounty campaign, and the future partners. they will recruited before the pre-sale and during the ico. they will running various online communication activities using platforms such twitter, telegram, facebook and blogs. with successful ico (hardcap reached), minimum rcd maximum rcd will allocated each individual. details the bounty program will continuously updated the official website (recordfoundation.org). our team advisor ambassador advisor keith teare denzyl feigelson richard kastelein founder accelerated digital ventures ceo and cofounder platoon founder blockchain news ltd keith teare leading technology founding shareholder techcrunch denzyl and richard kastelein award-winning publisher, entrepreneur, having co-founded techcrunch musician who has been strategic advisor entrepreneur, and director the education and has remarkable track record, playing apple music and digital media after being company blockchain partners (oracle partner). recruited steve jobs played has written over articles blockchain leading role over dozen successful projects, including archimedes labs, easynet, and real names, valued over billion. like feigelson entrepreneur, instrumental role launching itunes, apple published icos harvard business review with global brands such coca-cola music the record project, once established strategist and helped manage paul simon's similar project for the favor artists, but album "graceland." currently, the co-founder was too early succeed according his and ceo platoon, platform for independent statement. this time very enthusiastic artists, ready introduce the global artists bring the idea success with the record technology blockchain news has also music, and apple music festival. has worked venturebeat. with blockchain technology, very passionate solve the unfair revenue issues among the artists. join the vision record project. foundation. minhwa lee, phd junic kim, phd professor kaist professor konkuk university prof. minhwa lee professor kaist and established prof. junic kim professor konkuk korea's first venture company, medison co., ltd. which university and serial entrepreneur with has grown into global medical equipment company. with this passion unparalleled experience, promoted and contributed the for innovative technology and business strategy. also works establishment more than medical companies, which now external accounts for korea's medical equipment exports. advisor for international and government organisations. also played leading role founding korea venture business association enacting special laws venture companies and establishing kosdaq. ambassador alex ambassador for europe geumbin lee alexander ferez ambassador for asia ambassador for america alex online entrepreneur, helping businesses multilingual person, geumbin leads the alexander mass communication expert successfully transition digital. worked for expansion the japanese and korean markets, and has extensive experience promoting global digital marketing team and successfully built including and projects and startups. charge his own digital marketing companies greece and development. she has studied the university marketing, promotion and partnerships korea. alex has been living greece and other tokyo's international program. record foundation. promotion, marketing, nearby european countries for years. disclaimer this whitepaper's sole purpose inform potential contributors and participants for building the record ecosystem. this whitepaper non-binding every respect and does not create any legal obligation any kind any person. this paper's purpose outline, explain and summarize the general direction the product and intended for information purposes only and doesn't mandate the inclusion into any form contracts. not our obligation deliver any material, code, functionality, and should not relied upon when making decisions for investments purchasing. the launch and implementation the record ecosystem dependent upon several factors and risks including regulatory risks, participation from users, the adoption blockchain technology and the continued development the ethereum platform. please note that information this whitepaper does not require record foundation any its related branches take any action develop implement the record ecosystem. record foundation reserves the right abandon the record ecosystem and/or alter the implementation the record ecosystem outlined this whitepaper, any time, for any reason. future and prospective users participants the record ecosystem are advised contribute and participate their own risks, without relying the information provided this whitepaper.