reddcoin the social currency roadmap the reddcoin team september table contents table contents executive summary reddcoin status report reddcoin fund raising reddcoin project roadmap infographic overview detailed overview team reddcoin reddcoin roadmap executive summary during the summer reddcoin saw major update the network through the release the core wallet. features included the release pave the way for reddcoin made more accessible and encourage widespread adoption. also introduces several security fixes, notably the enforcing strict der signatures and validation rules (bitcoin improvement proposal bip). the code base has moved from litecoin, with reddcoin becoming fork bitcoin, based the branch. this grants reddcoin direct access upstream features and fixes coming from bitcoin development. with this major work now complete and adoption steadily increasing, the attention the reddcoin team now turns the road ahead. beyond developing blockchain, the team planning broad ecosystem applications that will realise the vision reddcoin the social currency. this document presents the roadmap detailing reddcoin development goals and objectives over the next months. the outline core objectives are made along timeline with milestones measure and validate healthy progress. reddcoin roadmap reddcoin status report over the past year there has been significant work done the core wallet level provide stable blockchain ready support various applications and features development continues. upgrades include rebase from bitcoin core, the inclusion strict der signatures further secure transactions and close possible attack vectors (bip), the ability store data the blockchain through op_return with byte limit, well numerous security upgrades and bug fixes taken from bitcoin core. over the past months, additional infrastructure has also been implemented and planned (new dnsseed node, new electrum server nodes, implementation testnet network). features continue added further extensions infrastructure will required. while the core team will provide some this infrastructure, the broader community will also encouraged become involved. the core team will available all times provide guidance requested. the reddcoin team maintains strong proactive attitude. contact being made and maintained with thirdparty teams who are planning who have already implemented various services for reddcoin. for the longterm viability the project, essential engage with other groups who have taken who will take the time support reddcoin their endeavours. the reddcoin team has been engaging with the broader community and working with local groups nonenglish speaking locations establish local (nonenglish) information portals. recently both the chinese and italian reddcoin communities have launched websites, forums and blogs. the next priorities aim expand the functionality reddcoin while maintaining the integrity the core software and blockchain. the team will continue forge relationships with the broader community identifies possible collaborative exercises. regular updates will made the team keep the community informed about ongoing development. the focus building ecosystem that reaches beyond the blockchain. one that allows reddcoin operate flexible platform which the average person able use earn support and show appreciation. builds reddcoin into resource through which express appreciation the reddcoin team working make adoption easy for the broader community and the average social network user. reddcoin roadmap reddcoin fund raising maintaining and developing reddcoin global digital currency incurs various regular and oneoff expenses. the reddcoin team now accepts donations from the community help cover the ongoing cost hosting servers, operational expenses, advertising, developer support and special promotions. reddcoin donations received are hosted the following addresses, which are also enabled for staking. community support reddcoin via donations appreciated and useful. purpose address development fund raweueqppymdwbcxathrqgucnhqs administration fund rfmcszuwkwtcznqikqvnxyvsjev operations fund rwjwkjmynnehgwvwrqqmuwhtridgdeb notes: guide fundraising address goals the development fund directly supports the development team the administration fund supports ongoing admin costs the operations fund supports network infrastructure the team also accepts nonfinancial assistance such offers programming, design work, etc. community members are invited volunteer their experience and time. join the growing community around reddcoin and its core team. the reddcoin team can reached here: www.reddcointalk.org @reddcoin reddcoin roadmap reddcoin project roadmap infographic overview summarize the goals ahead and communicate the broader community the reddcoin team has created the following infographic. this infographic will used communicate reddcoin websites and social media platforms. provides highlevel introduction the project goals over the next months. the infographic also provides insight into the ecosystem that being designed and built, along with approximate timelines for implementation. the exciting and inspiring steps along the roadmap are undertaken and completed, this will create unique opportunity for the reddcoin team build highlyintegrated system that will make cryptocurrency easy and rewarding use. reddcoin roadmap detailed overview reddcoin project roadmap qtr reddid (blockchainbased distributed naming service) electrum servers (spv servers) reddid blockchainbased naming service. the service provides users the ability create and own multiple user ids (e.g. social, work community). each created verified the blockchain and linked reddcoin address. the reddid can used for sending and receiving reddcoin common names (addressbook). user reddids are public and searchable. reddid can include much little profile information the owner sees necessary (contact details, avatars, etc). user profile details can made public private. within each user profile the ability link multiple social network identities (e.g. facebook, twitter, etc.). each social network identity can also have separately assigned and individual reddcoin address. there cost for registering each reddid. the cost registering determined number factors such the length, mixture characters, vowels, etc. (e.g. john.id johnadam.id john.id.) due popularity, the cost registering some short names (joe, tom, etc.) will figures more (at current exchange rates). reddids are verified posv blocks, with active reddcoin stakers supporting the registration service. the majority the registration fee paid for reddid goes the walletholder who stakes and fully verifies the transaction. small percentage the registration fee goes the network (the electrum server operator) support infrastructure. reddids may transferred between users (creating potential marketplace). reddids will have expiration date and require renewal (terms between and years with discounting). essential bootstrapping the reddid ecosystem will the revival reddcoin electrum servers. the servers provide the initial interface the reddid system for registration and maintenance. the electrum protocol extended support reddid operations and enable interaction between clients and the blockchain. reddcoin roadmap network participants are encouraged run electrum servers receive percentage registration fees network operators' fees (service fees). electrum server operators set their own service fee percentage. the fee structure advertised users when they register their reddid and they can choose their prefered server connect with. qtr electrum client (spv wallet providing instant startup) the reddcoin electrum client provides the interface for reddcoin users. reddcoin electrum lightweight client with fast start times. operation requires much smaller blockchain download (block headers only: .gb full chain). the publication date the reddcoin roadmap, the electrum client already updated support bip transactions (low_s signature). electrum wallets are easier backup and maintain, with addresses being generated restored from seed phrase. the client available desktop (linux, windows, osx) android ios (availability depends the evolution apple's policy supported cryptocurrencies) the electrum client supports natively the registration and maintenance reddids and full user profile metadata management. plugin architecture included allow the extension additional features users can opt in/out features (enable disable plugin). additional plugins extend the functionality the wallet tip notifications tip feed built rdd exchange rates roadmap publication discussions are underway with some exchanges for builtin currency conversion other possibilities include social chat/irc/news feeds the electrum wallet becomes the social wallet. qtr reddcoin roadmap browser wallet (decentralised tipping) tipping wallets are longer stored discrete servers. the existing tip bots (reddit facebook/ twitch) are reworked become decentralised entities. tips are deposited and spent directly from user's wallet with private keys under the control the user. inclusion many popular social platforms (facebook, youtube, twitch, twitter and others) via browser plugin architecture acting bridge. the browser wallet supports the extended electrum protocol. the wallet allows inbrowser registration reddids. microsubscriptions scheduled timebased transactions websites and users support good content. chrome first the list support, followed firefox and safari. qtr social broadcast (service encourage social and microdonations) reddid api (blockchain data interface) reddcoin social broadcast encourages positive social exchange and interaction, and rewarding donations. social broadcast links users content creators. the service generates metrics popularity, interaction, etc. urls and postings that attract positive tipping behaviour are ranked and highlighted. activity broadcast and users can subscribe. specific users content can followed. api for thirdparty integration with reddid. allows remote registration from thirdparty services perform blockchain data queries and lookups. qtr posv (proof stake velocity improvements) continued investigation pos algorithms the context further upgrades (security, performance, etc.) posv. improving the current posv algorithm strengthen the existing pos reward scheme. extending the algorithm encourage more active staking nodes. modifying the existing algorithm reward active stakers with interest based the total money supply (staking nonstaking). for example only the available reddcoin are staked, those reddcoins generate reddcoin roadmap interest, i.e. this implemented the fullnode wallet first. electrum staking (extended staking ability) benefit smaller coin holders who find downloading the entire blockchain burden, the implementation staking electrum. staking enabled each the electrum clients (windows, osx, linux, android) team reddcoin lead developer developer communications reddheads chief editor community manager john nash (gnasher) henry stuart (reddibrek) eric reddcoin community reddcoin roadmap