blockchain ignited whitepaper march abstract redfox labs blockchain based technology company that identifies and builds proven unicorn business models for the emerging markets southeast asia. create innovative and scalable solutions unlock true market potential the komodo platform, aim create leading companies the e-commerce, e-media, e-travel, ride hailing and logistics areas. allow the under-served with effective access the internet economy needed competitive technology, needed technological edge. the komodo platform widely considered one the most innovative the blockchain space allows myriad entry points and options explore opportunities previously unexplored. replicating large-scale unicorn models requires certain core competencies believe only the komodo platform can provide this time. order competitive our selected verticals require largely language agnostic, interoperable solution which can grow rapidly without issues congestion scalability. the komodo platform can deliver this with benefits that will allow aggressively take market share market that currently caters less than its population and has million residents aged between and which make the majority our core audience. redfox labs incorporated the british virgin islands. abstract introduction problem solution the market size southeast asia's internet economy market growth potential redfox labs verticals focus e-commerce online media online travel ride hailing redfox labs ecosystem concept design concept example proof concept zaddex team structure products and services redfox enterprise komodo komodo platform the rfox token token metrics token allocation use proceeds utility rfox token allocation references legal introduction redfox labs was founded july, with the intent southeast asia's first blockchain venture builder and help with the mass adoption blockchain technology through the komodo platform. having been the general manager komodo since dec ben fairbank and co-founders glen pearce and wade lueders, had already identified that the gap between the core protocol layer blockchain technology. the ability for the end consumer interact, meant mass adoption was still some time away, yet the solutions presented were too good wait for. the komodo technology offers, our opinion, the most complete end-to-end offering currently the blockchain market. having experience level executives for companies such virgin mobile, chinahr and grab, the team well versed running successful companies within the region and almost decades experience with multi-national corporations such viva and cell-c through silah gulf and ooredoo. through advanced ecosystem internet economy companies, redfox labs will take steps become super dapp southeast asia. problem more than the population southeast asia does not have access the internet economy. many the problems that restrict access are related lacking bank accounts, credit cards, high fees, simply lack trust digital payment options, which are required for services such netflix. many companies struggle grow scale and sustainably these markets and fail capitalise the wider audience. therefore these companies concentrate the larger cities where people are likely more connected the internet economy and the subsequent digital payment systems. the concentration competition major cities and the lack engagement the internet economy means there are number opportunities that are untapped the region. solution identify model replicate rapid growth take proven and successful unicorn companies and replicate them for the emerging markets. utilise blockchain technology leverage solutions the existing problems businesses face the region. with the use komodo's superior technology are able unlock percentage the market that remains under-served. from micro payments agile models capable rapid deployment and expansion, gain significant competitive advantage over our traditional competitors. faster payouts, near instant settlements, ease entry through subscription models and enhanced privacy and security are just few the advantages can implement. also make easier for willing participants interact the internet economy, without the need for bank account knowingly using blockchain technology transact and interact. the market size southeast asia's internet economy despite the low participation rate residents the internet economy, there are million internet users, million residents aged and transactional market size billion usd. this market thriving and set experience unprecedented growth the coming years. google anticipates market size billion usd market growth potential red fox abs verticals focus e-commerce with e-commerce doubling year year, redfox labs has the opportunity compete against local giants such lazada, shopee and zilingo this rapidly growing industry sector. through the use blockchain technology, redfox labs can utilise its advantage allowing faster and cheaper transactions, easier entry the market for the underserved and the ability scale faster without the limitations being bound physical borders. redfox labs will ascertain the business models with the least market saturation and lowest barriers entry and look apply blockchain technology its key point differentiation. with many existing models reliant heavily upon banking and credit card solutions, redfox labs can leverage komodo technology take these services the far reaching areas both vietnam and the greater southeast asian region. online media this avenue provides myriad opportunities for redfox labs when you consider that komodo technology already lends itself favorably both gaming and online streaming variations. redfox labs will look leverage from komodos crypto conditions utxo based smart contracts offer variety services and products within the online media sector cater for the ever growing consumer demand. rapidly diminishing internet service provider costs coupled with increased options online content have lead huge growth the sector and heavy foreign investment. with anticipated growth nearly triple over the next years, there plenty room for redfox labs stamp its authority this sector within the region. online travel the online travel vertical provides much opportunity redfox labs both vietnam and the region. vietnam the industry dominated foreign players such expedia. this set change many the local players transition away from the traditional brick and mortar model, the more heavily favored online version. the next years are set bring about more than growth and ripe for locally based player offer tailored solutions the local population that spending more their disposable income travel both domestically and also internationally. the region also provides window opportunity appeal and capture the more rural regions southeast asia through creative blockchain solutions that will unlock percentage the dormant internet economy. ride hailing although ride hailing area focus for redfox labs, will not focus nor intend compete against local giants like grab and jek for ride hailing. the industry itself require domination profitable and therefore the focus will more delivery and logistics which are problem waiting solved the majority the southeast asian countries. with increasing traffic congestion and longer travel times, food and convenience goods delivery services have boomed regionally. demand outweighs the supply and therefore number transport and delivery companies have emerged. none these more prominent than grab who are now also venturing into payments and other sectors aims become asia's next "super app". red fox labs ecosystem concept design the four industry sectors which focus are largely tied the internet economy and include e-commerce, online travel, online media and ride hailing. redfox labs employs step funnel process determine which business replicate. this 'rfox funnel' process determines competition, market size, feasibility, market growth potential and determines there actual advantage using blockchain technology. this model removes all emotion from the decision making process and relies hard data collected during the 'market research' stage. using the 'rfox funnel' greatly reduce the risk replicating business that not successful. once the model chose have days before enter the market. this phase entails hiring expert local team, establishing legal structure, product development, testing, marketing and defining target audience parameters. during the days the redfox team will the ground and actively involved its execution. for the following days, the redfox team will stay with the team and post launch reviews, product improvement, customer experience and touch-point mapping, market analysis, design revised year business plan and help the company raise capital and expand and scale. after days the redfox team will return its headquarters begin the planning the next business. redfox labs will remain majority equity holders the businesses build and occupy seats the company board directors. redfox labs sees number opportunities that fit within the vertical that lie outside traditional ride hailing services. concept example replicate unicorn businesses and enhance them with features specific blockchain that allow for more rapid growth and scaling potential. these may include unlocking the internet economy for the unbanked, payment systems, faster and more secure payments, interoperability across platforms, reduced transaction costs, immutable transaction records, stronger security levels, dynamic pricing and automatic account reconciliation and reduction hacking threats. **these images are for illustrative purposes only and designed representation general orientation the proposed projects existing structures and are not any way designed represent guarantee anything that may may not built completed. these concepts are not for commercial distribution sale. proof concept zaddex the zaddex exchange centralised exchange that will soon develop dex using komodos utxo technology and utilise all that komodo technology has offer. this will also accompanied full sto platform where zaddex will utilise partnerships previously established. redfox labs commissioned the build the exchange and found team and put them place. this team will take full operational control the exchange and responsible for any legal and financial requirements. the zaddex exchange has komodo-based token called zex and was not subject sale any type and was fair launch for the period testing. this structure may subject change. airdrop all zex holders will receive rfox for each zex agreed-upon date. team structure the redfox labs team will remain lean and agile. our main competitive advantage that have ecosystem service providers, vendors and third party providers, meaning can scale and down with ease and are not burdened with extended capital expenditure burden. redfox labs team will act the strategists, designers, and implement the gtm and business plans. redfox labs will have agreements place work with number professional service providers across multiple industries that can lend deeper experience each the businesses build. each business likely different its structure and design, are better suited 'on-call' experts rather than trying up-skill the existing team industry experience that may take years develop. the core team redfox labs will train and develop new members understand the dbot (design, build, operate, transfer) model, which will allow set-up more businesses the second and third years. the redfox labs core team experienced running disruptive technology businesses and start-ups southeast asia and for multinational companies globally. the network contacts that has been established will allow grow and expand with expert assistance and guidance. products and services there are main offerings within the redfox labs ecosystem, venture builder model replicate unicorn business models from around the world with particular focus china and the usa. introduce these models into the emerging southeast asian markets and improve their offerings and services implementing blockchain technology provided komodo. consulting have extensive network experts and collective experience the areas blockchain, customer experience and also cultural change management. these will the three main areas focus our consulting services on. our joint venture with kinetic consulting services now allows offer these services across southeast asia and throughout the mena (middle east north africa) region. enterprise solution phase will build out the ecosystem that supports the entire komodo platform and allows offer wide range enterprise solutions. due this being dependent funding and the raise amount brief description has been given the rfox token utility section this paper. redfox enterprise komodo red hat linux, redfox labs will komodo. phase redfox labs will initiate the building fully compliant, regulated ecosystem, where komodos technology will offered with full support via subscription model. open source innovation redfox labs will both develop and audit code for and from the komodo open source ecosystem and offer upstream support and development. all code will receive full audit before offered through the enterprise ecosystem. training and certification all rfox-kmd technicians, contractors and affiliates will fully certified and independent. meaning redfox labs can scale and remain agile. all certified rfox-kmd contractors will verified the blockchain. infrastructure addition our core services will also offer full suit cloud services and providers and full automated mining services. security komodo technology leads the charge security and will offer dpow all its clients, users and chains. addition this rfox-kmd will use its network partner aws provide servers through the aws marketplace. products the rfox-kmd ecosystem will have product marketplace where customers can purchase dapps, utilise free dapps and services, contribute the development and add their own products that pass compliance and auditing. here subscribed customers will able make use whitelabel dapps and have them fully customised suit their enterprise requirements certified rfox-kmd contractors. support global support through agents, customer portal and technical account management flexibility customisable blockchain solutions, app development, patches, upgrades and bug fixes. komodo platform komodo open, modular blockchain platform with unique multi-chain architecture. consistently recognized one the world's most innovative blockchain projects, komodo hosts global, interoperable blockchain ecosystem that's secured with the power the bitcoin network and independently scalable for every project. delayed proof work (dpow) security komodo's innovative security mechanism protects the entire ecosystem with the power the bitcoin network. this accomplished through komodo's innovative delayed proof work (dpow) security mechanism, which notarizes block from the komodo blockchain onto the bitcoin ledger every ten minutes. result, every blockchain integrated komodo's dpow security network receives level protection consistent with that the bitcoin network. compromise protected chain, attacker would need overpower the native network, the kmd network, and the btc network-- all the same time. komodo's blockchain security service available any utxo-based blockchain. redfox labs can therefore build out companies, infrastructure and chains, with the knowledge that matter how many transactions are utilised, they are protected chains with potentially much higher transaction volumes. learn more: https://komodoplatform.com/blockchain-security-service continuous open-source development komodo open-source project that constantly innovating and developing. all new features are pushed every project the ecosystem. with future-proof blockchain architecture, komodo gives every project the ability create modular, customized solutions for any situation. redfox labs can benefit from current and future additions the komodo environment through sharing, co-development and general improvements the open-source environment. this extremely useful project with ever-changing roster clients and subscribers. learn more: https://komodoplatform.com/komodo-platform-a-commitment-to-innovation/ limitless scalability komodo has unique multi-chain architecture that gives every project dedicated blockchain with independent infrastructure. the activity one blockchain cannot and will not affect the performance any other blockchain built with komodo's technology. addition, every project has the option adding more blockchains scale out and increase transaction-processing capacity. one chain isn't providing adequate performance, additional chains can added scale out and increase performance linearly. komodo's architecture such that project's growth will ever constrained limitations the technology itself. scalability will extremely crucial piece the redfox labs ecosystem reach mass adoption there needs exist the possibility scale rapidly and with little notice. komodo's scalable solution ensures that redfox labs not bound heavy overheads, liabilities and unnecessary capital expenditure. learn more: https://komodoplatform.com/komodo-platform-new-scalability-solution/ cross-chain interoperability every blockchain the komodo ecosystem has the opportunity become part seamlessly interoperable blockchain ecosystem. this allows cross-chain verification transactions and even cross-chain fungibility. every komodo-based blockchain connected chains outside the ecosystem via atomic swaps. komodo has already linked all blockchains existence. important factor building out communities and products komodo technology ensure that the languages used are largely agnostic and are not bound the limitations non-compatible infrastructure and core technology. can build with the confidence that the dapps and products create will interoperable with all third party providers technology. learn more: https://komodoplatform.com/interoperability-cross-chain-smart-contracts/ utxo-based smart contracts komodo's utxo-based smart contracts are revolutionary because they make btc-protocol blockchains turing complete and enable language-agnostic customization spending conditions for any specific set fund. they also enable development decentralized apps. komodo's utxo smart contracts are available every independent blockchain created within the ecosystem. every project komodo has the opportunity create blockchain platform. previously, many business models that were dependent smart contracts were not practical implement they relied heavy upon multiple exceptions and permutations, not mention gas fees. komodo utxo-based smart contracts allow redfox labs build anything from simple one exception contracts, complicated and layered offerings, without the thought high fees execute. learn more: https://komodoplatform.com/crypto-conditions-utxo-based-smart-contracts/ atomic swap technology put simply, atomic swaps are peer-to-peer trades cryptocurrencies made directly from one user another. atomic swaps made wallet-to-wallet. fact, atomic swaps not require centralized exchanges, proxy tokens, escrow services, any other type third-party. it's important emphasize that all traders hold their private keys throughout the entire atomic swap process. result, atomic swap trading magnitudes more secure than trading crypto centralized exchange. also less expensive, transaction fees are minimal. learn more: https://komodoplatform.com/atomic-swaps/ komodo's multi-chain syncing komodo's multi-chain syncing combines multiple blockchains, each processing transactions simultaneously, achieve blockchain interoperability. komodo currently utilises the services individual chains test the scalability solution. komodo's independent chains are termed 'assetchains' and are capable processing completely independent transactions which are not performance dependent the other chains. meaning one chain experiences slower speeds high transaction numbers, this will not impact the other chains. using this multi-chain architecture allows the scaling thousands chains, not only possible, but also extremely simple. komodo's scaling solution follows procedure somewhat similar the dpow notarization process. put simply, komodo's scaling solution works creating many blockchains that can each process transactions simultaneously, while also syncing with one another achieve lockchain interoperability it's worth emphasizing the fact that there limit the number assetchains that can exist the komodo platform. assetchains are created for the purposes komodo' scaling solution, but they can also created for independent projects. you're developer, entrepreneur, enterprise leader and you're interested launching your own scalable, secure blockchain, contact komodo marketing@komodoplatform.com. all the assetchains using the multi-chain syncing tech communicate with the kmd chain. this interoperability can also extended beyond the scaling solution tech. the synced chains can also communicate, via the kmd chain, with every other chain that exists komodo platform. this allows any chain komodo verify transactions that took place any other chain the ecosystem. merkle root merkle roots the first step komodo's scaling solution create thousands merkle trees out all the transactions taking place each and every chain komodo. read this post about erkle trees you aren't too familiar with the concept. will make understanding komodo's scaling solution much easier. traditionally, each block blockchain has one (and only one) merkle root. that merkle root the digest all the transactions ids for all the transactions written onto that particular block. like all other blockchains, this true for each block each the assetchains the komodo platform. new blocks are mined roughly every seconds for each assetchain. this means one new block, with one unique merkle root, produced every minute so, for each chain. then, every ten minutes, komodo's notary nodes create new merkle tree out all the merkle roots that have been generated since the previous notarization. this happens for each assetchain the komodo ecosystem utilising the multi-chain syncing feature. since blocks are mined roughly every seconds and the notarization process occurs roughly every ten minutes, there are between and merkle roots that get organized into new merkle tree. each new merkle tree fingerprints these merkle roots into new merkle root. might call these new digests the "merkle root merkle roots" the mom for short. sync kmd next, komodo's notary nodes take the mom from each assetchain and sync them all with the kmd chain. this similar the dpow process except, rather than notarizing snapshot the kmd ecosystem the btc chain, the notary nodes are notarizing single digest-- the merkle root merkle roots, mom-- from every assetchain onto the main kmd chain. this doubles security feature for every assetchain the ecosystem. learn more about omodo's blockchain security services here. the fingerprint (mom) sent the kmd blockchain fingerprint data once all the mom have been synced with the kmd chain, they are organized into yet another merkle tree. all digests are fingerprinted into one new merkle root-- the merkle root the merkle roots merkle roots (momom). this single code the fingerprint every single transaction that has taken place the komodo platform since the previous momom notarization occurred. that's true because every transaction each block hashed into merkle root. all the merkle roots for all the new blocks are hashed into mom. this happens for each chain the komodo ecosystem. then those mom are sent the kmd chain, put into new merkle tree, and hashed form the momom. komodo creates master fingerprint (momom) sync from kmd the fourth and final step komodo's scaling solution process notarize the momom back onto every assetchain the ecosystem. komodo's notary nodes perform this operation, too. this last step crucial because allows interoperability between all chains within the komodo ecosystem. that is, transactions that occur one blockchain can quickly and efficiently verified completely separate blockchain. this increases the speed which the ecosystem can process payments and transactions. bears repeating that all four steps komodo's scaling solution are repeated approximately every ten minutes. this ongoing process that continually puts all the chains komodo's ecosystem sync with each other. fingerprints are sent back all chains security and speed because merkle trees present such efficient method verifying data, komodo's scaling solution can process more transactions per second than any other blockchain platform existence. the multi-chain syncing tech has already proven can handle over transactions per second. currently, komodo working with amazon web services (aws) obtain the infrastructure necessary increase the magnitude our scaling tests. the goal achieve sustained result million transactions per second. komodo the road million. https://komodoplatform.com/komodo-platforms-new-scalability-tech/ the rfox token token metrics token allocation use proceeds utility rfox redfox enterprise komodo ecosystem the rfox coin will used form payment contractors, developers, network operators, for security, bug bounties, discounts certification and many more. the rfox token will serve the global currency within the rfox-kmd enterprise world. buy redfox labs will build out number businesses, the rfox token will used the sole purchasing method for these token generation events. there may times whereby other tokens purchasing methods may accepted but the rfox token will always provide the best rate exchange for these purchases. ecosystem token some the companies that redfox labs creates may not have need for their own native token and may choose the path becoming side-chain and therefore utilising the rfox token facilitate transactions and reward miners for processing these blocks. example this could when building pay model. customers may require credit card transact and instead may offer code and then facilitate receipt generation personal account verification the blockchain. this instant the processing these transactions may facilitated using the rfox token, without the customer ever knowing they were even interacting with the blockchain. consulting redfox labs will offer discounted rates consulting services when using the rfox token. token allocation private and public sale private sale million seed sale usd and million private sale usd, with public sale million tokens usd komodo development fund the further development komodo paramount for the success rfox, therefore will distribute million tokens over releases starting months and ending after years. team and advisors these tokens will released over years, tabled above zex holders thank you the community that helped mine and test the exchange for the zaddex team during its development, rfox would like repay our gratitude and establish long term relationship with zaddex will use this platform launch future projects and provide liquidity for tokens within both the rfox and kmd ecosystems. million tokens will delivered any remaining tokens will used for the purpose attracting people the rfox ecosystem. rfox holders rfox holders will rewarded with million tokens over period years, beginning year and ending year redfox enterprise ecosystem and partners million tokens will reserved for the development the redfox enterprise komodo ecosystem which will begin development after months launching rfox. references www.komodoplatform.com https://www.thinkwithgoogle.com/_qs/documents//deck_e-conomy_sea__ by_google_temasek_jtmloo.pdf https://www.thinkwithgoogle.com/intl/en-apac/tools-resources/research-studies/e-c onomy-sea--southeast-asias-internet-economy-hits-inflection-point/ https://komodoplatform.com/wp-content/uploads///komodo-whitepaper-ju ne-.pdf https://komodoplatform.com/komodo-platforms-new-scalability-tech/ legal redfox labs initial exchange offering sale terms and conditions the following terms and conditions ("terms") govern your ("you" the "purchaser") purchase cryptographic tokens ("rfox") from syota, exempted company registered the british virgin islands ("the company"). each person and the company "party" and together, the "parties" these terms. this document not solicitation for investment and does not pertain any way offering securities any jurisdiction. this document describes the rfox token sale. you not agree these terms, not purchase rfox from the company. purchasing rfox, you will bound these terms and any terms incorporated reference. purchasing rfox, and the extent permitted law, you are agreeing not hold any the company and its respective past, present and futures employees, officers, directors, contractors, consultants, equity holders, suppliers, vendors, service providers, parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, representatives, predecessors, successors and assigns the "rfox team" liable for any losses any special, incidental, consequential damages arising from, any way connected, the sale rfox, including losses associated with the terms set forth below. not purchase rfox you are not expert dealing with cryptographic tokens and blockchain based software systems. prior purchasing rfox, you should carefully consider the terms listed below and, the extent necessary, consult appropriate lawyer, accountant, tax professional. any the following terms are unacceptable you, you should not purchase rfox. purchasers should have functional understanding storage and transmission mechanisms associated with other cryptographic tokens. while the company will available assist purchasers rfox during the sale, the company will not responsible any way for loss btc, eth, kmd rfox resulting from actions taken by, omitted purchasers. you not have such experience expertise, then you should not purchase rfox participate the sale rfox. your participation rfox sale deemed your undertaking that you satisfy the requirements mentioned this paragraph. purchaser agrees buy, and company agrees sell, the rfox accordance with the following terms: conditions rfox private sale you may not acquire the rfox token you are citizen, resident (tax otherwise) green card holder the united states america, citizen resident the republic south africa, the cayman islands.?????? the maximum total amount rfox issued through saft agreements (roughly equivalent us$,,) *all purchasers will receive saft agreement which agreement for the future issuance rfox: neither the company nor any the rfox team has provided you with any advice regarding rfox nor offered any investment advice; *you have sufficient understanding the functionality, usage, storage, transmission mechanisms and intricacies associated with cryptographic tokens, such bitcoin and ether, well blockchain based software systems generally; *you are legally permitted receive and hold and make use rfox your and any other relevant jurisdiction; *you will supply with all information, documentation copy documentation that require order allow accept your purchase rfox and allocate rfox you; *you have not supplied with information relating your acquisition rfox otherwise which inaccurate misleading; *you will provide with any additional information which may reasonably required order that can fulfil our legal, regulatory and contractual obligations, including but not limited any anti-money laundering obligation; *you will notify promptly any change the information supplied you us; *you are sufficient age (if individual) legally obtain rfox, and you are not aware any other legal reason prevent you from obtaining rfox; *you take sole responsibility for any restrictions and risks associated with receiving and holding rfox, including but not limited these set out annex acquiring rfox, you are not making regulated investment, this term may interpreted the regulator your jurisdiction; *you are not obtaining using rfox for any illegal purpose, and will not use rfox for any illegal purpose; *you waive any right you may have obtain participate class action lawsuit class wide arbitration against any entity individual involved with the sale rfox; *your acquisition rfox did not involve your purchase receipt shares, ownership any equivalent any existing future public private company, corporation other entity any jurisdiction; *to the extent permitted law and provided act good faith, the company makes warranty whatsoever, either expressed implied, regarding the future success rfox and/or the ethereum network; *you accept that rfox created and you obtain rfox "as is" and "under development" basis. therefore, provided the company acts good faith, you accept that the company providing rfox without being able provide any warranties relation rfox, including, but not limited to, title fitness for particular purpose; *you accept that you bear sole responsibility for determining (i) the acquisition, the allocation, use ownership rfox (ii) the potential appreciation depreciation the value rfox over time, any, (iii) the sale and purchase rfox; and/or (iv) any other action transaction related rfox has tax implications. overview rfox initial exchange offering rfox tokens will available through the exchange platform throughout the initial exchange offering (ieo). all purchases, legal requirements and responsibility will rest with them. rfox offers the tokens for sale exchange for listing and set fee. any dealing that any purchaser rfox has through the exchange not the responsibility rfox, nor will rfox liable for any loss, damages, other incidents associated with the ieo. the maximum total amount rfox issued the ieo (roughly equivalent us$,,).rfox pre-mined with total supply ,,, with additional rfox for every block each minute. more rfox tokens will created outside block reward. ownership rfox during the rfox ieo carries rights express implied. purchases rfox are non-refundable. the anticipated distribution the rfox tokens follows: airdrop rfox holders rfox ecosystem and partners locked and airdrop team and advisors locked and airdrop kmd development (airdrop over years) sale (unlocked) public sale (unlocked) zex airdrop (unlocked) rfox price purchasers the rfox token sale and ieo will allocated their rfox tokens exchange for the soon published crypto currencies the following rate: private sale cents usd and cents usd; public sale cents usd; further discounts apply timing rfox sale the rfox private sale begins the march and will continue until either sold, the end the ieo offering. rfox reserves the right change the dynamics the tokenomics and either add remove tokens for sale, given adequate notice periods.. after the rfox sale ieo the purchasers should have expectation influence over governance the company. upon the conclusion successful rfox sale, the rfox tokens will transparently issued. the company will not purchase rfox during the rfox sale the company warrants that neither nor its shareholders will purchase rfox during the rfox sale. furthermore, the company warrants that neither nor its shareholders will purchase rfox from any third party during the period the rfox sale. all purchases rfox are final all purchases rfox are final. purchases rfox are non-refundable. purchasing rfox, the purchaser acknowledges that neither the company nor any its affiliates, directors shareholders are required provide refund for any reason. taxation rfox and taxation related the ico the purchaser bears the sole responsibility determine the purchase rfox with btc, kmd, eth the potential appreciation depreciation the value rfox over time has tax implications for the purchaser the purchaser's home jurisdiction. purchasing rfox, and the extent permitted law, the purchaser agrees not hold any the company, its affiliates, shareholders, director, advisors liable for any tax liability associated with arising from the purchase rfox. privacy the purchasers may contacted email the company. such emails will informational only. the company will not request any information from purchasers email. force majeure the rfox team not liable for failure perform solely caused by: unavoidable casualty, delays delivery materials, embargoes, government orders, acts civil military authorities, acts common carriers, emergency conditions (including weather conditions), security issues arising from the technology used, disclaimer warranties the purchaser expressly agrees that the purchaser purchasing rfox the purchaser's sole risk and that rfox provided "as is" basis without warranties any kind, either express implied, including, but not limited to, warranties title implied warranties, merchantability fitness for particular purpose. none the rfox team warrants that the process for purchasing rfox will uninterrupted error-free. limitations waiver liability the purchaser acknowledges and agrees that, the fullest extent permitted any applicable law, the disclaimers liability contained herein apply any and all damages injury whatsoever caused related (i) use of, inability use, rfox (ii) the rfox team under any cause action whatsoever any kind any jurisdiction, including, without limitation, actions for breach warranty, breach contract tort (including negligence) and that none the rfox team shall liable for any indirect, incidental, special, exemplary consequential damages, including for loss profits, goodwill data, any way whatsoever arising out the use of, inability use, purchase of, inability purchase, rfox, arising out any interaction with the smart contracts implemented relation rfox. the purchaser further specifically acknowledges that the rfox team not liable for the conduct third parties, including other purchasers rfox and that the risk purchasing and using rfox rests entirely with the purchaser. the extent permissible under applicable laws, under circumstances will any the rfox team liable any purchaser for more than the amount the purchaser have paid the company for the purchase rfox. some jurisdictions not allow the exclusion certain warranties the limitation exclusion liability for certain types damages. therefore, some the above limitations this section and elsewhere the terms may not apply purchaser. particular, nothing these terms shall affect the statutory rights any purchaser exclude injury arising from any wilful misconduct fraud the rfox team. complete agreement these terms set forth the entire understanding between the purchaser and the company with respect the purchase and sale rfox. for facts relating the sale and purchase, the purchaser agrees rely only the terms determining purchase decisions and understands that the terms govern the sale rfox and supersede any public statements about the rfox token sale made third parties the rfox team individuals associated with any the rfox team, past and present and during the rfox token sale. severability the purchaser and the company agree that any portion these terms found illegal unenforceable, whole part, such provision shall, such jurisdiction, ineffective solely the extent such determination invalidity unenforceable without affecting the validity enforceable thereof any other manner jurisdiction and without affecting the remaining provisions the terms, which shall continue full force and effect. waiver the failure the company require enforce strict performance the purchaser any provision these terms the company's failure exercise any right under these terms shall not construed waiver relinquishment the company's right assert rely upon any such provision right that any other instance. the express waiver the company any provision, condition, requirement these terms shall not constitute waiver any future obligation comply with such provision, condition requirement. except expressly and specifically set forth these terms, representations, statements, consents, waivers, other acts omissions the rfox team shall deemed modification these terms nor legally binding. updates the terms the company reserves the right, its sole discretion, change, modify, add, remove portions the terms any time during the sale posting the amended terms the website. any purchaser will deemed have accepted such changes purchasing rfox. the terms are deemed being draft and are subject change. indemnification the fullest extent permitted applicable law, you will indemnify, defend and hold harmless the rfox team from and against all claims, demands, actions, damages, losses, costs and expenses (including attorneys' fees) that arise from relate to: (i) your purchase use rfox; (ii) your responsibilities obligations under these terms; (iii) your violation these terms; (iv) your violation any rights any other person entity. security you are responsible for implementing reasonable measures for securing your wallet, vault other storage mechanism you use receive and hold rfox purchased from the company, including any requisite private key(s) other credentials necessary access such storage mechanism(s). your private key(s) other access credentials are lost, you may lose access your tokens. the company not responsible for any losses, costs expenses relating lost access credentials. annex rfox risks purchasing, owning, and using rfox, you expressly acknowledge and assume the following risks: risk losing access rfox due loss private key(s), custodial error purchaser error private key, combination private keys, necessary control and dispose rfox stored your digital wallet vault. accordingly, loss requisite private key(s) associated with your digital wallet vault storing rfox will result loss such rfox. moreover, any third party that gains access such private key(s), including gaining access login credentials hosted wallet service you use, may able misappropriate you rfox. any errors malfunctions caused otherwise related the digital wallet vault you choose receive and store rfox in, including your own failure properly maintain use such digital wallet vault, may also result the loss your rfox. additionally, your failure follow precisely the procedures set forth for buying and receiving tokens, including, for instance, you provide the wrong address for the receiving rfox, provides address that not komodo compatible, may result the loss your tokens. risks associated with the komodo protocol because rfox and the crypto platform are based the komodo protocol, any malfunction, breakdown abandonment the komodo protocol may have material adverse effect the platform rfox. moreover, advances cryptography, technical advances such the development quantum computing, could present risks the rfox and the platform, including the utility erfox for obtaining services, rendering ineffective the cryptographic consensus mechanism that underpins the komodo protocol. risk hacking and security weaknesses hackers other malicious groups organizations may attempt interfere with the platform rfox variety ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks, denial service attacks, consensus-based attacks, sybil attacks, smurfing, and spoofing. furthermore, because the platform based open-source software, there risk that third party member the company team may intentionally unintentionally introduce weaknesses into the core infrastructure the platform, which could negatively affect the platform andr, including the utility rfox for obtaining services. risks associated with markets for rfox secondary trading tokens facilitated third party exchanges, such exchanges may relatively new and subject little regulatory oversight, making them more susceptible fraud manipulation. furthermore, the extent that third-parties ascribe external exchange value rfox (e.g., denominated digital fiat currency), such value may extremely volatile. risk uninsured losses unlike bank accounts accounts some other financial institutions, rfox are uninsured unless you specifically obtain private insurance insure them. thus, the event loss loss utility value, there public insurer private insurance arranged company, offer recourse you. risks associated with uncertain regulations and enforcement actions the regulatory status rfox and distributed ledger technology unclear unsettled many jurisdictions. difficult predict how whether regulatory agencies may apply existing regulation with respect such technology and its applications, including the rfox ecosystem and rfox. likewise difficult predict how whether legislatures regulatory agencies may implement changes law and regulation affecting distributed ledger technology and its applications, including the ecosystem and rfox. regulatory actions could negatively impact the platform and rfox various ways, including, for purposes illustration only, through determination that the purchase, sale and delivery rfox constitutes unlawful activity that rfox are regulated instrument that require registration licensing those instruments some all the parties involved the purchase, sale and delivery thereof. the company may cease operations jurisdiction the event that regulatory actions, changes law regulation, make illegal operate such jurisdiction, commercially undesirable obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) operate such jurisdiction. risks arising from taxation the tax characterization rfox uncertain. you must seek your own tax advice connection with purchasing rfox, which may result adverse tax consequences you, including withholding taxes, income taxes and tax reporting requirements. risk competing platforms possible that alternative platforms could established that utilize the same open source code and protocol underlying the platform and attempt facilitate services that are materially similar the rfox services. risks arising from lack governance rights because rfox confer governance rights any kind with respect the rfox token the company, all decisions involving the company's products services within the ecosystem the company itself will made the company its sole discretion. these decisions could adversely affect the ecosystem and the utility any rfox you own, including their utility for obtaining services. unanticipated risks cryptographic tokens such rfox are new technology. addition the risks included this annex these terms, there are other risks associated with your purchase, possession and use rfox including unanticipated risks. such risks may further materialize unanticipated variations combinations the risks discussed this annex these terms.