cut out arketing middleman directly rewarding influencers amers romote and lay video ames. advised by: team@refereum.com contents abstract marketing challenges influencer challenges refereum solution blockchain background refereum economy referral success earn.refereum.com example usage twitch top influencers unity most popular game engine open initiatives blockchain architecture overview conclusion team leads advisors roadmap allocation token specifications utility usage review citations disclaimer abstract over billion has been spent digital advertising annually recent years [], yet the industry plagued with legacy inefficiencies. billion annually, video games are one the largest and most profitable segments the entertainment industry, surpassing the film industry []. unfortunately, recent years show that game budgets have shifted from content creation skyrocketing marketing costs enforced the current monopoly advertising avenues. while game streamers and content creators have amassed the most subscribers anyone the internet [], they remain frustrated the limited opportunities monetize their followings []; their fate decided centralized platforms. generation's dream being paid play video games locked behind industry status quo enforced monopolizing marketing corporations. the refereum (rfr) utility token decentralized referral marketing and cash reward platform that solves these problems. refereum's open-market approach removes the legal costs individualized marketing deals while making digital advertising middlemen irrelevant. instead letting marketing budgets another advertising conglomerate, refereum funds engagement for cash awards the gaming community and enables superior acquisition new players. refereum directly connects these groups, allowing gamers make money sharing and playing video games, influencers effectively monetize their followings, and studios maximize the efficiency marketing spend and player engagement. refereum backed veteran game industry team with leadership experience from electronic arts, zynga, google, and other prominent gaming and platform roles. the smart contracts have been written world-renowned white hat cryptography and cryptocurrency experts who have served from tether polybius, and other similar high-profile initiatives. refereum advised twitch, the world's largest gaming influencer platform, and unity, the most widely used game engine the industry. marketing challenges the largest inefficiency the billion dollar game industry today the cost customer acquisition, and this cost growing year []. video game consumers are exploding number, surpassing billion people [], yet reaching this vast and growing demographic players grows price because video game studios must dedicate rising ratio spend conventional advertising channels. mobile and desktop games are seeing marketing costs grow from less than dollar more than acquire single new player [], while game creators any success level still have rely sponsored content via social media. while spend ads likely exceed billion [], the market becoming saturated and losing effectiveness with most technically savvy consumers []. finding specific types effective marketing channels continues increase difficulty, especially the addressable market the entire digital world. there are many networks with low quality audiences and sub-optimal tools that game studios are forced invest lot time, energy and resources find relevant players. top that, it's often hard track roi and conversions because there direct link between players and the particular network. within existing channels, targeting specific types players can exasperating: developers currently have choice but pay companies such google and facebook create "buzz," and they have other scalable solutions directly involve engage players through marketing efforts. this high price for customer acquisition then passed customers through aggressive monetization tactics, perpetuating the problem. influencer challenges twitch and youtube video game influencers entertain the largest audiences the world [], with games like dota surpassing million viewers compared just million for sunday night football []. viewers shift away from mainstream television towards youtube, the content they watch also changes. middleman companies for games are popping take advantage developers and content creators, knowing that marketers are searching for this type influencer marketing []. gamers making videos and streaming new games have become billion-dollar industry themselves. sharing their gameplay and interacting with fans real time, twitch and youtube influencers draw massive attention the games they play; attracting these influencers has become critical component any successful marketing strategy today's market. the current ecosystem, these influencers are unable fulfill the monetary potential their fanbase []. influencers create loyal and engaged audiences from personal, interactive, and realtime relationships around specific game products. new generation dreams becoming fulltime streamers, but the barriers entry are high. those who overcome them face the constant challenge sustaining their income from their passion. while some very elite influencers profit licensing out their brands, the vast majority are limited how generate income from such passion. current methods have fallen prey numerous examples large centralized platforms changing policies the detriment the creator: youtube's most subscribed influencer, pewdiepie, has gone record decrying google policy changes that negatively affect his gaming channel's revenue []. currently, streamers attempt deploy dozens complicated techniques, from disruptive banner ads unrelated endorsements largely unsuccessful attempt monetize content. while the act normalized, it's most common for streamers passively wait for donations from strangers. game developers attempt incentivize and reward players for recommending games their friends, but the mechanisms through which this are obtuse, rudimentary, and expensive. the current approach influencer marketing has employees manually identify possible influencers, cold-contact them one one, and legally negotiate separate unique deal terms with each influencer. the process not only time-consuming and costly, but also delivers unpredictable results. expensive game marketers, struggling game developers, and frustrated influencers are seeing their margins getting thinner across every possible angle. refereum solution refereum solves these problems with open-market approach that scales across any influencer platform, country border, and language. influencers have the agency choose relevant and monetizable content that's for their fanbases. they have clear goals earn refereum that can traded for cash value. anyone with any level influence can participate, including regular fans individuals simply sharing game with friend. refereum enables unrivaled developer control over acquisition and reward criteria. developers can choose what counts "referral," moving beyond the industry precedent only counting installs. for instance, instead paying for installs that result little engagement, developers only pay for quality traffic that makes past the first level. additionally, even basic implementations refereum severely limit fake traffic and bot installs, human input for gameplay often more effective than captcha []. game studios longer require massive budgets and legal paperwork offer players cash rewards. they can award anything from one cent for each viewer who joins twitch stream during -hour launch window, right flat esports tournament prize. the economic rewards the currency cannot manipulated, because any tokens given out must first bought and stocked into the game. influencer adoption accelerated close relationship with twitch, the most popular and established game streaming platform. additionally, the implementation refereum itself made remarkably simple for game developers through refereum's collaboration with unity, the most commonly used game engine. award bounties will highlighted in-game and earn. refereum.com for anyone access and earn. having already built public proof concept this technology, the refereum team's work shows that such solutions are not only possible, but well within grasp. traditional refereum blockchain background blockchain relatively young industry, but its inherent freedom from geographical constraints and legacy payment systems, proficiency resisting censorship, ability bypass middlemen, well other technical feats, has surpassing billion industry valuation today []. the value cryptocurrency lies the fundamental value offers tool. the video game industry has specific and systemic problems that can solved with blockchain. the billion typically spent advertising can instead redistributed individual consumers via refereum. quickly imagine game heads tails. two people can write contract bet money the outcome coin toss. what the contract was written rather, the flipped coin? this smart contract. ethereum (erc) token programmed with the information the contract, the wallets potential recipients, and way objectively determining the outcome. refereum blockchain contracts are based real world influence and recommendations fun. refereum smart contract-based solution; users make referral fulfill some criteria, and the reward automatically distributed everyone involved. has been impossible reward players with fiat currency because complex legislative and geopolitical restrictions, but this blockchain solution removes such barriers. not only enables engagement rewards, but also connects and transfers value across previously separate game worlds. the global marketing industry ripe for disruption this smarter decentralized technology. refereum economy the philosophy blockchain revolves around decentralization []. modern inefficiencies have been debilitating with implementable industry-wide solution until refereum. for the first time, can distribute and transact value without the need intermediary. for economic system grow, there needs ecology needs, suppliers, and innovators. the refereum economy primed for this growth with gamers, influencers, and game developers. developers buy refereum pay influencers. players and influencers extract real world value from their refereum awards, spend in-game. developers purchase refereum via credit card through partnership with connext, from any open market exchange. the currency easily implemented game asset store tool for unity, any other game engine. with open source and documented instructional use cases, game developers easily create triggers reward refereum their game according criteria their choosing. gamers can link any wallet address receive refereum. refereum will then traded for fiat currencies numerous exchanges. there finite amount refereum, any marketers purchasing create rising value each refereum token. protection policies for the token will deployed. influencers refer others for refereum cash out players earn refereum cash out buy refereum for content developers buy refereum get prime traffic referral success decision-making and purchasing behavior have revolved around social influence since the start society. referral marketing highlighted the key factor countless success stories, from dropbox uber. general, people are driven recommendations from people they know trust []. this particularly true the tight-knit and highly opinionated communities gamers. compared other marketing channels, referred consumers have the best conversion purchase, higher lifetime value, and better retention product []. the billion global marketing spending, billion went direct and referral marketing. this type marketing consistently prominent because consumers unwaveringly rely others for recommendations. individual consumers inherently provide relevant product information new customers through the context the interaction. social relevance provides this backbone, particularly the gameplaying space where multiplayer engagement driven groups and trends online. referral success secret; analysis over generalized consumer-facing companies revealed that cited referral traffic the most effective strategy []. cognitive fluency confirms that the easier offer understand, the more likely will accepted []. offers with recommendation referral are accessible, relatable, targeted, and trustworthy. developers who design referrals social media platforms like facebook have created some the highest grossing games ever. just one year, from game companies that used referrals saw growth from million million average daily users []. resist against companies self-centered changes serve their own agenda, any game company can leverage these best-performing marketing techniques forever. referrals email social media events print earn.refereum.com alongside in-game explanations, incentives can set and broadcast open source list awards hosted earn.refereum.com fueled refereum. this platform allows any consumer, marketer, influencer gain information about transparent bounties for games. for the first time, influencers have agency open market monetize what's relevant them and their fanbase. the instant payouts the blockchain are featured with real-time updates, which creates urgency and adds fear missing out the cash awards. this highlights scarcity, which accelerates growth the platform, encourages discussion strategy complete the awards, and even provides thrill when securing awards. the criteria fulfill awards will the creativity the developers, and will vary terms the types engagement, the windows time complete the bounties, and the reward amounts offered. this fidelity developer control replaces the outdated key performance indicators that conventional marketing has revolved around for years. this fast-growing open market will quickly complete basic install referral cheaply, but the referral prominent esports player would much harder and rightfully more expensive. youtube influencer could demo new game and encourage fans buy through their unique url. that youtuber would highlight that fans who use the link also get bonus refereum, making all parties feel great about the purchase. twitch streamer could specifically rewarded for playing multiplayer game with their subscribers release day. game developers could even pay players return their games. this level control opens new world incentivization possibilities for the game industry. example usage gamer rod comes home after day work and enjoys playing his favorite competitive video game. can't afford quit his day job enter esports team. before, rod felt that might wasting his time playing too many video games without tangible return. with refereum, rod sees that his favorite video game offering refereum token reward for the top players this month's leaderboard. rod good enough the game place the top trades refereum third party exchange, and pays his rent with his video game winnings. rod now makes money playing video games, and can even consider quitting his job and making living through participation esports tournaments instead. influencer rachel trying support herself full-time streamer playing video games twitch. she has solid following, but she's not the top streamers. before, rachel had wait and hope that strangers would donate her stream. with refereum, rachel can open earn.refereum.com and find relevant bounty complete. her fans love play multiplayer co-op games with her, she chooses appropriate referral bounty for herself and her fans. she streams the game and posts unique url for her fans buy through. both rachel and her fans get bonus refereum purchases are made through the link, rachel feels great mentioning the deal and rewarding her fanbase. when fans visit the stream and decide buy the game whether it's general, specifically play with her rachel makes refereum from every purchase. she can trade her refereum increase profits from her streaming career, using grow her following and further perpetuate her streaming success. developer radical games have spent their company savings creating awesome action game they know players will love. before, the studio had spend their marketing budget ineffective facebook ads had try manually identify relevant individual streamers, source their contacts, attempt negotiate separate contract with each streamer, and then repeat the process much possible try and get return the time investment. with refereum, radical games simply add the refereum unity plugin their game, specify some referral criteria, purchase refereum with credit card (via partnership with connext) exchange, and post the game earn.refereum.com. they're happy offer considerable award refereum tokens for every streamer's referral purchase, because they know they'll make the money back through the cost the game. radical games can see and track links between in-game players and their marketing spending. radical games also offers pool refereum that's split between anyone who beats the game launch day, that they make splash the steam charts and maximize their return from minimal spend. strive help streamers and game developers. know refereum shares these goals, and plan keep collaborating the future game streaming. ernest le, director publisher developer partnerships twitch twitch top influencers influencers' streams are well the way replacing []. when amazon purchased twitch for nearly billion, some were surprised that website dedicated watching people play games could worth much. closer look its user base, user engagement, and user retention statistics shows why twitch valuable. twitch has over million unique broadcasters creating over million videos month. these videos attract million unique gamers month, each whom watch this content for average hours day []. the fact that twitch has api with numerous account and viewership statistics propels the creation this flexible and highly automated bounty system. reaching out all these individuals separately impossible task, but setting bounty for any influencer fulfill easy. this latter scenario, campaigns not have hand-targeted towards specific individuals; instead, engagement driven influencers themselves checking the platform. the content they create already for the game itself, and refereum capitalizes this. additionally, refereum works across country borders with other top streaming platforms like korea's afreeca and china's huya and douya. before refereum, there were marketing solutions that thrived these intimate and real-time relationships between influencers and their fans. these incentives provide the perfect foundation for growth viral curve, offers the easiest and most effective way for influencers monetize their passion. unity most popular game engine unity the most used game engine ever. has the largest market share developer use and deploys every gaming platform from mobile vr. unity games have been downloaded billion times players over billion unique devices []. from their asset store, unity will provide one-click implementation refereum tools for any developer its immense ecosystem. especially easy implementation for the majority game genres that already rely any virtual currency progress. this tool allows developers implement refereum into any current future game with ease. with trivial implementation for any game engine (including unreal, crysis, lumberyard, custom engines, and more), refereum removes barriers for developers using blockchain technology. with such wide use, unity provides the ideal home for refereum become the leading altcoin the video game industry. plan support refereum tools and assets help developers keep being successful with unity. ian dunlap, asset store manager unity open initiatives believe the open source approach for security, developer ease use, further adoption platforms, and its support for our core values decentralization. usage this open source blockchain rejects centralization control and mandates transparency. have already created open source example earning (testnet) refereum inside game for anyone see refereum.com. developers implement rewards for influencers, they might look toward other applications refereum for best practices. simple widely useful implementations will stored public and easily accessible repository with detailed documentation. companies like acquia and red hat have very successfully monetized open source codebases through custom implementation services. the software world has strong list success stories that opensource their efforts and offer services for industry players who happily pay for speed and quality development. the architecture refereum's smart contracts are authored oleksii matiiasevych, the same white hat who rescued and returned million worth ethereum projects and individuals during the multi-sig exploit july. have created solid foundation and look forward working closely with the open source community provide the best technical solutions. blockchain architecture overview the architecture the refereum blockchain token core the technology and complies the erc tandard. participating parties are expected interact with the system using wide variety ethereum client libraries and nodes. refereum contract primary refereum contract, maintained refereum. refereum sample contract reference referral program contract, provided refereum plugin tools sdk. includes referral fee distribution mechanism. game eveloped other developers, these solutions can use customized referral program contract allow developers freedom their criteria. refereum plugin sdk provided refereum treamline the usage its smart contracts for and c++ programming languages. contract erc function totalsupply() constant returns (uint totalsupply); function balanceof(address _owner) constant returns (uint balance); function transfer(address _to, uint _value) returns (bool success); function transferfrom(address _from, address _to, uint _value) returns (bool success); function approve(address _spender, uint _value) returns (bool success); function allowance(address _owner, address _spender) constant returns (uint remaining); event transfer(address indexed _from, address indexed _to, uint _value); event approval(address indexed _owner, address indexed _spender, uint _value); conclusion altcoins began with video games. one the first massively adopted bitcoin exchanges was based almost entirely game currency. now, the benefits blockchain circle back evolve the way video games are played. entertainment one the most joyful aspects the human experience. refereum evolves digital marketing and engagement, rewards players for sharing their enthusiasm about game, and bypasses middlemen acquire targeted players for less. refereum empowers game influencers effectively monetize their community, maximizes game studio marketing spend, and allows anyone make money playing video games. team leads our team consists industry veterans both the game and digital advertising space. get more information regarding team member's blogs, social media, past work history, and more refereum.com. also work with team top smart contract developers working for ambisafe. get even more details contacting team@refereum.com dylan jones founder dylan well-versed the challenges making successful games; after helping design some the highest-grossing facebook and mobile titles all time, spreads the knowledge working with developers various game platforms. founded game co-working space gamenest, and advo- cates decentralized systems conferences globally and his wide-reaching meetups san francisco. alistair doulin chief technical alistair game industry veteran who has worked multiple high profile game and engine projects. he's successful programmer, speaker, blogger, and dedicated ethereum miner, while also advising multiple creative and enterprise cryptocurrency projects. oleksii matiiasevych smart contract author oleskii saved and returned millions dollars ethereum july's multi-sig exploit and mentors others mature blockchain security. writes refereum's smart contracts. sloane earl business development sloane started her career the game industry traditional and digital concept artist, with her industry knowledge and charisma soon leading her into role business development manager game animation studio plastic wax. she now travels internationally, visiting studios and conventions search the industry's best talent and most exciting projects. nick klingsmith tools developer nick single-handedly created some unity's most downloaded tools the asset store. also spent four years zynga tools programmer. when he's not helping developers make their games better, he's maintaining his ethereum nodes. brad johnson game and web developer brad develops game and web platforms and consistent altcoin trader. comes from long background testing and security notable titles, such the star wars franchise lucasarts and has since shifted making web platforms. katie williams communications katie has been writing about games for decade; she primarily known for her journalism work for online and print outlets including ign, gamer, gamespy, powerplay, and more. she now editor google play, where she shapes the editorial vision google play's new editors' choice for games.. mark maratea engine developer mark game industry veteran with over years experience. having created key architecture for variety games ea, there's nobody better help others with the implementation refereum. zane witherspoon blockchain developer zane well known blockchain developer the bay area, having worked and advised multiple startups the space like rakugo. also known for being very active the ethereum scene, running multiple ethereum meetups. advisors visit online learn more, contact team@refereum.com. ernest ernest has spent over five years twitch director publishers and developer partnerships. ian dunlap ian has spent over five years unity managing the unity asset store ecosystem. koh kim koh currently advises game startups marketing and business development strategy. during her google tenure, koh helped launched and grow multiple google products business development and marketing roles. she was also early member the google play games business development team where she led international market expansion with industry influencers. andrii zamovsky andrii the founder ambisafe, managing its world-class smart contract team and leading its initiative bring blockchain the mainstream. roadmap open source demo based refereum for public use the testnet, allowing refereum spent games. preparation for token sale coordination with legal, partners, and advisers. completion the core earn.refereum.com functionality with open source technical implementations and game developer documentation. comprehensive twitch api integration with unity asset store tools (and other engines), with detailed open source documentation for developer best practice engagement options. additional features and marketing with top games for the earn.refereum.com. partnering with connext, anyone can purchase refereum with credit cards. further drive token usage, we'll partner with and incentivize top twitch games and streamers maximise the refereum ecosystem. further partner and fund exclusive refereum content with esport sponsorships and maximising twitch api integration with our unity plugin. accelerate expansion into additional industries using refereum. starting with other high-use referral industries (from dapps fashion) we'll rapidly broaden our affiliate traffic backend for any industry. allocation the referuem token alloction stands as: token specifications currency code rfr type utility token decimal places reissuable yes total token premine amount ,,, token sale amount ,,, icap currency code rfr icap organization code rfrm tokens can purchased refereum.com during the sale. further details the sale will announced. tokens are purchased with ethereum and bitcoin. tokens will required for the main value proposition the platform. tokens are inherently functional both their utility for the value proposition proposed and our example game today. utility usage review the refereum token acts utility payment for earn.refereum.com, and for transferring value between holders. like many virtual coins items games, refereum tokens hold real cash value for content. currently, players invite friends into game order obtain virtual coins that unlock new content, simply purchase the coins outright. similarly, the refereum token holds the same value for this content and for the act inviting friends. purchasers first buy the tokens. they implement the refereum plugin into their game product, and set specific criteria how unlock refereum tokens. they may also choose charge referum tokens their game product using the same plugin. this plugin then rewards players users with refereum virtual coins. this plugin makes basic implementation easy, and further criteria will set the game's code and native language. the game's plugin and secure blockchain protocol that rewards tokens. twitch, unity, and other large platforms not have hold deal with securing tokens, keeping the coin platform-agnostic. potential purchasers can buy these refereum tokens for use during the token sale november th, eventually, there are planned other purchase options through partnerships with connext, who specialize allowing anyone buy erc- tokens via credit card. players purchases may trade these tokens between themselves using various methods. (refereum does not offer way trade tokens, but it's common for third party exchanges that specialize and are legally compliant for such goals deliver this; refereum will available such exchanges.) gamers use tokens trade for game items selling their value. influencers can monetize their fanbases earning, trading, selling the tokens. developers use this coin market their games more effectively offer prizes. please visit refereum.com for more information regarding the utility the token. the token can used upon recieving the token. for additional utility specifics, please see the posted token memorandum. citations statista u.s. digital advertising industry, statistics facts https://www.statista.com/topics//online-advertising/ newzoo (q, the global games market will reach billion with mobile taking https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/the-global-games-market-will-reach---billion-in --with-mobile-taking-/ dmr (july the numbers: amazing twitch stats and facts http://expandedramblings.com/index.php/twitch-stats/ michael sawyer, polygon (february the three reasons youtubers keep imploding, from youtuber https://www.polygon.com/////pewdiepie-controversy-youtube-drama stewart rogers, mobyaffiliates (may user acquisition cost for apps and games increases http://www.mobyaffiliates.com/blog/user-acquisition-costs-for-apps-and-games-increas es-to-/ lovet, techbreeze (may video games industry revenue https://www.techbreezz.com/video-games-industry-revenue/ sofia lenova, liftoff (january mobile gaming apps report analysis: monthly trends https://liftoff.io/blog/mobile-gaming-monthly-trends/ evan lepage, hootsuite blog november all the social media advertising stats you need know https://blog.hootsuite.com/social-media-advertising-stats/ hannah becker (may millenials hate advertisements especially social media http://www.hannahbeckermba.com/blog/millennials-hate-advertisements-especially-on- social-media michael schneider, indiewire (may these are the most watched shows the season: winners and losers http://www.indiewire.com///most-watched-tv-show---season-the-walki ng-dead-this-is-usfootball-/ jurre pannekeet (may dota the game esports hours twitch after first major https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/aprils-top-games-twitch-dota---first-major-/ paul tamburro (feb pewdiepie problem youtube doesn't know how fix http://www.craveonline.com/design/-pewdiepie-problem-youtube-doesnt-know- fix smart insights february the rise and rise influencer marketing http://www.smartinsights.com/online-pr/influencer-marketing/rise-rise-influencer-market ing/ jon buck, the coin telegraph (august blockchain making private, censorship-free social media platforms possible https://cointelegraph.com/news/blockchain-making-private-censorship-free-social-media -platforms-possible dantheman (december how solve fake news with proof consensus and blockchains steemit https://steemit.com/blockchain/@dantheman/how-to-solve-fake-news-with-proof-of-con sensus-and-blockchains satoshi nakamoto bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf coinmarket cap (august cryptocurrency market capitalization https://coinmarketcap.com/ sullivan, mediapost (february social media not preferred recommendation resource http://www.mediapost.com/-publications/article// nielsen (september under the influence: consumer trust advertising http://www.nielsen.com/us/en/insights/news//under-the-influence-consumer-trust-i n-advertising.html unknown, wharton business digital press (july turning social capital into economic capital: straight talk about referral marketing http://whr.tn/bsxsbp feliz solomon, fortune (february youtube about overtake america's most watched platform http://fortune.com////youtube--billion-hours-television/ matt belitsky, audience audit, inc jun. third-party research reveals referral marketing top performing http://blog.talkable.com/referral-marketing/third-party-research-reveals-bc-referral-mark eting-is-top-performing/ wikipedia august processing fluency http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=processing_fluency&oldid= wharton, forbes magazine jul. straight talk about word-of-mouth marketing http://www. forbes.com////viral-marketing-referral-program- entrepreneurs-sales-marketing-wharton.html devin coldewey, techcrunch (january streamer numbers are rising healthily, according data from popular tool https://techcrunch.com////streamer-numbers-and-incomes-are-rising-healthily -according-to-data-from-populartool/ jack nicas, wall street journal (february youtube tops billion hours video day, pace eclipse https://www.wsj.com/articles/youtube-tops--billion-hours-of-video-a-day-on-pace-to-ecli pse-tv-?mod=efb unity fast facts (august the leading global game industry software https://unityd.com/public-relations andy boxall, business apps (november unity games are played more android than ios, but the number sessions are almost the same http://www.businessofapps.com/unity-games-played-android-ios-number-sessions-almo st/ jason civalleri, ethnews (july meet the unknown maverick, white hat who rescued additional accounts during this week's attack https://www.ethnews.com/meet-the-unknown-maverick-white-hat-who-rescued-account s-missed-by-the-whg-during-thisweeks-attack wikipedia (march erc token standard https://theethereum.wiki/w/index.php/erc_token_standard disclaimer participation token sale can highly speculative and could involve risk loss. this white paper does not constitute the offering security. refereum, inc. has consulted with legal counsel assess the possible regulatory treatment the u.s. securities and exchange commission and relevant foreign authorities light developing regulatory guidance. the primary mechanism for determining whether instrument security the united states under united states securities laws the howey test, articulated sec w.j. howey, u.s. (). the howey test posits that instrument security four factors are satisfied: (i) investment money; (ii) common enterprise; (iii) with expectation profits; (iv) solely from the efforts others. most recently, the sec division enforcement's investigative report involving dao tokens revealed that tokens that function like investment contracts under howey will treated securities. the dao report applied the howey test digital tokens offered and sold virtual organization known "the dao," and concluded that the tokens were fact securities. the sec did not take the position that virtual currencies, interests such currencies, are themselves securities. the united states, the implication the dao report that depending the facts and circumstances individual token sale, the virtual coins tokens that are offered sold may securities, and that they are securities, the offer and sale these virtual coins tokens are subject the federal securities laws. although the howey test has not yet been directly applied the courts any digital currency blockchain token, howey analysis has been conducted determine that, currently designed, the sale rfr utility tokens may not pose risk implicating federal securities laws. such, the rfr tokens, have not and will not registered filed under the securities laws regulations any jurisdiction. further, this sale utility tokens, not being provided through any the exemptions under the united states securities act. additionally, although the regulatory treatment token sales live and developing issue and assessment conclusive, legal analysis has been conducted determine that, currently designed, the sale rfr utility tokens may not pose significant risk implicating foreign securities laws jurisdictions that have addressed token sales. specifically, singapore, because the rfr tokens not represent ownership security interest refereum's assets property, the tokens may not considered offer shares units collective investment scheme. canada, because the rfr token sale would not meet the pacific coast test, which mirrors the howey test, the tokens may unlikely constitute securities subject canadian securities regulations. australia, because the only official guidance regarding the treatment token sales only applies token exchange platforms, the rfr token sale likely not subject australian securities regulations this time. south korea, given that the particulars the proposed regulatory measures regarding token sales have not been publicized finalized, cannot this time provide even preliminary assessment how the token sale likely treated for purposes south korean securities laws. compliance with u.s. and international trade laws, prospective purchasers located in, under the control of, national resident any restricted location country which the united states has embargoed goods services, are prohibited from participating the token sale. for example, china where all icos and token sales have been frozen, allowing chinese purchasers participate the rfr token sale would currently unlawful. such, chinese purchasers are prohibited from participating the token sale. this token sale will also not available brazilian purchasers refereum, inc. not registered crowfunding platform per the new guidance issued the comissao valores mobiliarios ("cvm") instrucao cvm no. furthermore, the token sale will not offered other restricted jurisidictions including, but not limited to, iran, north korea, the sudan, syria, and the crimea region the ukraine. although due diligence has been conducted and refereum, inc. has taken steps mitigate regulatory risk, given that blockchain young industry and token sales are novel and evolving development, there inevitably degree uncertainty with any token sale. given the rapidly changing regulatory landscape and warnings signaled multiple international jurisdictions regarding the potential for tokens viewed securities offerings, there always risk that the rfr utility token may not exempt from securities registration requirements the united states any other jurisdiction. many international jurisdictions have indicated that token sales may qualify sales investment contracts, qualify crowdfunding sales under pre-existing regulations, and may regulated such. view the guidance recently received from these regulatory authorities, likely that growing number jurisdictions will closely scrutinizing token sales. refereum, inc.'s representations and securities assessment not guarantee that the sec any other regulatory authority will not determine the tokens securities subject registration. the rfr tokens have not been approved disapproved the united states securities and exchange commission, any state securities commission the united states any other regulatory authority the united states. the same applies relevant regulatory authorities foreign jurisdictions, including, but not limited to, jurisdictions who expressed any form guidance initial coin offerings and token sales, such australia, canada, china, south korea and singapore. should refereum's tokens deemed securities the sec, another regulatory authority, refereum, inc. and participants the rfr token sale may subject civil criminal penalties the tokens are not properly registered. prospective token purchasers should not construe this white paper providing any legal tax advice. this white paper currently contains fair summary refereum, inc.'s vision and the operation and utility its token. further information provided its token sale memorandum, including the merits and risks involved participating refereum, inc.'s token sale.