white paper business plan prepared july contact information jan sammut alex anter https://reftoken.io reftoken the small print unauthorized reproduction distribution this business plan any its contents any form under any circumstances without prior written consent prohibited. the information contained herein is: (i) provided the principal founders the business and (ii) publicly available from directories, publications and websites. some cases, non-publicly available information was used, including independent research, studies paid services from individuals and organizations. while the information set forth herein deemed the company accurate, the company shall not held liable for the accuracy any omissions from this white paper for any other written oral communication transmitted the recipient and any other party the course its evaluation transactions involving the company. the information contained the plan will require careful scrutiny, verification and due diligence efforts from the recipients the plan. any person entity seeking make contribution the business should not rely the information set forth the plan complete. addition, the analyses contained herein not claim appraisals the assets, the valuation any entity. the business makes guarantees regarding any benefits received from contributions, nor the legal, tax accounting effects any transaction; and this plan does not constitute offer sell, solicitation offer buy securities. furnishing the white paper, the company undertakes obligation provide recipients the white paper with access any additional information update this white paper correct any inaccuracies that may contained herein. there exists substantial information with respect the business and its future prospects, and there are substantial number risks associated with contribution the business, which are not set forth the plan. furthermore, the potential fulfilment 'forward looking statements' contained the plan are subject change due unexpected events, market shifts, circumstances that cannot known this time. forward looking statements are based expectations, estimates and projections the time the statements were made that involve number economic, business, and numerous risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results events differ materially from those presently anticipated. forward looking statements the plan may identified through the use words such as, but not exclusively to: "expects," "will," "anticipates," "estimates," "believes," statements indicating certain actions "may," "could," "might" occur. such estimates and projections are subject significant uncertainties beyond the control the company. although such projections are believed realistic, representations are made their ultimate attainability. please advised that the below proposed execution plan, could subject change due legal, compliance, technological other factors without prior notice. reftoken executive summary opportunity the ethereum dap ecosystem expands downstream towards oriented applications, key bottleneck will emerge where companies looking scale rapidly will need acquire end users rate that greater than the adoption blockchain technology the mainstream. reftoken aims connect dap developers with marketers and publishers that are best poised deliver real user base growth via trustless performance based instant payment structure secured against smart contract, thereby sidestepping the issues fraud that google has described the single "largest threat the internet economy". reftoken opportunity problem solution problem worth solving generally speaking developers the leading edge new technology are less focused marketing and user acquisition than they are perfecting their product. the incumbent mentality being that users will naturally gravitate towards great product. reality though, users cannot gravitate towards any product that they are not aware of, regardless its usefulness. user acquisition costs have grown exponentially expensive over the last few years, whilst early stage participants have become even more savvy about determining the traction product has has not gathered its market. these two factors present the perfect opportunity for publishers, that have been struggling with decreasing revenues due blockers and shrinking cpm rates drive their substantial user traffic relevant products through performance based affiliate programs. whilst affiliate marketing proven growth driver segments such finance, gambling and online shopping, the current model has multiple inbuilt inefficiencies such the delay affiliates receiving payments due monthly payment cycles (causing cash flow issues for low margin/high volume operators), the propensity affiliate fraud, rogue brands rescinding commissions and operational issues such chargebacks causing disputes between brands and affiliates. our solution "our mission build trustless performance marketing platform bring distributed apps the mainstream" reftoken will disruptive force the affiliate marketing space will eliminate the above issues leveraging the following benefits the ethereum blockchain: smart contracts will govern the satisfaction conversion events eliminating disputes conversion triggers all revenue conversion data will added the blockchain, creating immutable audit trail that allows brands audit and hold affiliates accountable for fraudulent behaviour commission payments will issued automatically instantly eliminating payment defaults and cash flow issues reftoken reftoken well positioned become the driving force bringing dap and blockchain based products the mainstream. believe that are the cusp exponential growth ethereum based projects, and that the forthcoming years will see explosion demand for users. reftoken will the link that connects these projects the partners that can deliver these users and govern the commercial relationship between the two entities. core objectives build the world's most transparent trustless performance marketing tool transparency and efficiency will allow brands and publishers focus maximising growth, free from concerns malpractice the other party, thereby strengthening the blockchain based economy. create the ubiquitous blockchain affiliate marketing platform reftoken will connect affiliates with the brands that resonate most with their audience, allowing them offer real value their users. the platform will provide full end-to-end coverage for brands and affiliates discover each other and build longstanding, mutually profitable relationship. become the gold standard for blockchain performance marketing reftoken will strike first mover advantage, and will leverage its team's multi-decade experience the affiliate market (on both the brand and affiliate side the equation) build product that provides solutions pain-points that have plagued the industry for decades. target market the broad market for reftoken can segmented into three distinct sectors. merchants and service providers. these are the backbone the ecommerce market and comprise any operator looking generate sale via performance marketing channel. this the broadest and most competitive segment the market and encompasses everything from giants such amazon.com boutique b&bs. this market generated eur. trillion sales, from the previous year. estimated that sales will top eur trillion (albeit slightly decreasing growth rates) https://goo.gl/aym. these estimates exclude travel, food and event ticket sales. funding inevitably makes its way into the ethereum ecosystem, start-ups are going under real pressure. reftoken icos, and companies supporting them. the momentum behind icos increases, thriving ecosystem forecasted develop around the supporting, promoting, vetting, structuring and launching said events. whilst the current model crediting early contributors with bonus tokens has succeeded generating momentum behind launch, game theory dictates that the competitive element between icos will increase exponentially new funding records make headlines, casing initial expansion bonus offers, followed discarding the mechanism favour performance based one. this model will pivot around publishers, marketers, influencers and developers who will paid commission return for successfully promoting icos their audiences, and much more lucrative than selling inventory tenancy cpm basis. whilst estimates vary, forbes figure eurm market size and growing rapidly credible. publishers, marketers, influencers and developers. the aforementioned future drivers the ico market form the counter party merchants and start-ups. they range from publicly traded multinationals (catena media, raketech), niche publishers targeting single specific sector (medicalassistantsalaryguide.org). regardless scale, reftoken provides solution for some their most pressing issues: discovering new brands work with well being easily discovered new brands evaluating which partnership would the most lucrative easing payment, trust cash flow concerns this sector will reftoken's evangelists, much affiliates were the drivers for netrefer and incomeaccess' growth the gambling market they demand neutral, third party platform manage report their performance and revenues. competition current alternatives reftoken will competing directly against two mainstays the affiliate tracking market, incomeaccess and netrefer. both carry the advantage incumbency, yet suffer from the disadvantages listed below: incomeaccess: delay data updates revenue uploaded platform merchant, allowing for potential skimming commissions monthly pay-out cycle pay-outs processed third parties for merchant commission structures limited very specific models reftoken antiquated user interface (ui), with multi-year update cycle poor reporting tools netrefer delay data updates revenue uploaded platform merchant, allowing potential skimming commissions monthly pay-out cycle pay-outs processed third parties for merchant commission structures limited very specific models responsive ui, with annual updates good reporting tools our advantages instant data update revenue updated smart contract therefore immutable affiliates can withdraw will pay-outs triggered affiliate and executed the platform commissions can freely structured using smart contracts rapid, iterative update cycles deep data analysis tools google data studio integration. pestle analysis (gfs) political the ethereum ecosystem benefits from significant amount insulation from political shock due its decentralised nature. whilst certain more hawkish regulatory regimes will invariably attempt regulate restrict some manner, there common consensus how this can achieved practice. regulatory attempts aside, the political clout offered the eea, well the rapid adoption the ethereum platform central banks and companies further legitimises companies operating the platform regulators eyes. such, significant political threats are envisaged. economical the ethereum ecosystem currently growing parabolic rate, with millions investment being poured daily, which, combined with the political and economic clout the eea, well the dedicated development community developing around the protocol has all observers declaring that ethereum will grow the single, largest blockchain platform enterprise reftoken projects and start-ups default ethereum their choice platform. this can only convey the most bullish outlooks for the project. social/cultural ever-increasing media coverage fuelled ethereum's explosive growth broadens the general public's familiarity and trust the ecosystem, will transition away from being the preserve geeks and speculators, broader, more general consumer audience. the key catalyst for this will the first blockbuster distributed applications (dapps), which will bring the benefits the decentralised web, the masses everyday life, just smtp brought email, and extension, the internet the masses. once the first major decentralised apps hit the mainstream, the market penetration rate will follow the theoretic diffusion innovation curve. reftoken technological nascent sector, there will undoubtedly significant changes and improvements the technological landscape reftoken will inhabiting. nonetheless, the levels funding sought will ascertain that tier one development resources will hired leverage any new developments our advantage. from macro-economic aspect, advances the blockchain ecosystem will make client's products more accessible the mainstream market the point where dapp will indistinguishable from regular web based app the end user. this bullish outlook for reftoken. legal the difficulty mounting regulatory challenge decentralised organisation aside, the political clout offered the eea, well the rapid adoption the ethereum platform central banks and companies further legitimises companies operating the platform regulators eyes. such, significant legal threats are envisaged. should regulator pursue action against particular participant, this would the basis the transgressions single bad actor, and would not impact the rest the participants the space. reftoken's position middle-man between merchant and publisher further distances from any potential legal action (much like affiliate platforms and affiliates were ignored the dept. justice the black friday indictments revolving around poker rooms offering illegal gambling citizens). environmental reftoken's decentralised architecture allows operate using much smaller carbon footprint than regular platform would. reftoken execution marketing sales marketing and promotional plan reftoken will leverage the marketing knowledge its founding team deploy integrated, multi-faceted acquisition campaign. this will split between online and offline activities ratio. the detailed apportionment will follows: online marketing seo ppc display retargeting inbound/content social media community creation email/ automated crm branded online tools offline marketing conferences expos event sponsorship reftoken medium long term vision our marketing efforts will employ bifurcated strategy, where affiliates and merchants will targeted communications and value propositions targeting their specific pain points, and will structured around the following value propositions: trust fraud less transparent tracking self-enforcing convenience speed simplicity universal application scale nexus between merchants publishers monetisation audiences reftoken affiliates will given marginal more prominence our efforts, building strong directory affiliates segmented niche would strong incentive for brands adopt the reftoken platform itself. our proposition will communicated via outreach specialists who target and on-board larger sites and the top influencers, well inbound marketing strategy based content creation and propagation the exact users that will recruiting. this will allow reftoken grow exponentially using its own platform, effect being its own proof concept. brands will targeted with value proposition that emphasises fraud prevention, speed, transparency well access the directory on-boarded affiliates. the primary communication channels will inbound content based marketing, well response based channels such seo and ppc. this inbound communication strategy will provide pipeline leads for the sales team close, addition attending conferences and exhibitions and other lead creation activities. implementation platform model the platform will launch with two primary layers, merchant admin side, and affiliate admin side. third layer that will allow affiliates and brands bid and buy advertising directly third party websites via real-time bidding (rtb) and exchange will released part the stretch goal (if achieved). use the platform will always free, with the only charge being the commissions issued. merchant layer primary functions: uploading media (banners/text links/video ads etc.) creation commission structures based set triggers sale amounts. these could straight revenue share percentage, cost per acquisition/registration/lead model hybrid the above reporting platform affiliate/creative/site level administration affiliate program, vetting signing new affiliates etc. administration wallets and purchasing tokens administration listing brand directory aimed connecting brands with affiliates reftoken affiliate admin primary functions: assessing, comparing signing individual affiliate programmes affiliates will able link access the various programs they are signed from single master account, eliminating large pain-point (similar the google adwords mcc account structure) accessing creatives generating tracking links administering wallets and exchanging sub-tokens tokens reporting creative/site/brand/revenue levels administration listing affiliate directory aimed connecting brands with affiliates reftoken token mechanism the token sold launch will known the referaltoken (ref). fixed number refs will issued thereby limiting supply. fees will charged users the platform percentage commissions paid (however, should brand using the platform track their own in-house marketing activities, and thereby setting commission rate use the platform will free, this will encourage adoption the platform and assist establishing competitive moat). since advertising inventory and other costs borne publishers are set fiat currencies, commission sub-token called com will created that will pegged eur. this stable-coin model required insulate affiliates buying advertising inventory with fiat currencies from the fluctuations the cryptocurrency which the commission denominated. brands will need use refs generate coms. example merchant buys eur, worth ref tokens the merchant locks these tokens escrow wallet for fixed time period and deploys smart contract offering reward refs for each conversion specified the smart contract that affiliates can subscribe to. the smart contract will self-terminate should funds run below the cost single conversion. this protects the merchant from overspending and, conversely, protects the affiliates from promoting campaign that has exhausted its budget each completion the smart contract's conditions (sale/conversion etc.) amount ref equivalent the commission amount will instantly paid out from the escrow account the affiliate's wallet within the reftoken platform. the merchant's original ref tokens are now held the company and re-issued the market where they are bought market prices other brands. this will allow the company act market maker and protect the token's price from wild fluctuations price real world applications merchant scenarios: mobile game publisher could create commission structure offering eur per new user account that accessed times within days registering and which least turns are played. this set criteria minimises the risk fraudulent account creation, and also ensures that the publisher only paying for engaged users. another example, gnosis based sports book offers affiliates eur commission any new player deposit that wagered least times along with commission net profits generated that player. third example, company planning its ico would offer partners and publishing houses bounty paid its own currency for successfully referring contributors it. reftoken affiliates would then have the option hold onto the issued coin, exchange for eth btc and withdraw into their own wallets. wetrust see that the borrowers begin outweigh the savers, they need more people investing and saving their money within wetrust keep with the demand. they decide that they want get started with affiliate marketing, they turn reftoken affiliate platform and offer coms per new user account that deposited least worth coms for saving trst funds. token conversion rates will done via api. user scenario: jen reads steemit.io that investing wetrust great way save money, the author the article includes reftoken affiliate link wetrust once jen clicks the link reftoken updates the wetrust affiliate blockchain that new lead was generated that particular affiliate and drops her the wetrust registration page once jen completes her registration the wetrust affiliate blockchain updated, instantly triggering the smart contract between wetrust and the affiliate transferring coms the affiliate's wallet the affiliate can immediately see that one their readers just signed for wetrust via their admin reftoken, that originated from their article steemit, and decides double down this channel. wetrust can instantly see that the affiliate has delivered another valued user short span time and considers offering them bespoke offer entice them give their brand more attention thanks reftoken's platform, will easy design very complex conditions which leads will need satisfy, thereby eliminating affiliate fraud, which endemic problem today's affiliate marketing. reftoken milestones metrics roadmap the following roadmap has been established and deemed attainable. the founding team's years experience this field make confident its ability deliver plan and within budget. kpis success measurement sales kpis will segmented into two general categories, business development and value enhancement which focuses maximising the revenue from existing users. business development outbound sales activity volume number qualified leads generated lead conversion ratio deals closed/wins opportunity win rate/conversion rate month month growth rate estimated pipeline value reftoken value enhancement month month user retention new clients per month/annum retained clients per month/annum revenue growth per user average transaction value company founders jan sammut: with years executive experience the online gambling business both operator and affiliate sides industry heavyweights such igt plc, amaya plc, and highlight media group. prior entering the igaming industry, established his marketing and operational credentials emea brand manager for swatch oakley. alexander anter: with keen interest web development from young age, alex has been consistently pushed towards software development all his life. starting out picking technical path high school and getting his first taste development with basic and visual basic, later moving towards python, c++ and java. alex started study web programming linneaus university sweden, started his own web agency working full stack web developer. ethereum started reach level maturity and proper documentation started emerging that underscored that solidity was heavily influenced from javascript alex decided dive into ethereum development and dedicate all his free time towards that goal, joining group ethereum devs keeps progressing towards being world-class ethereum developer. reftoken financial plan ico launch overview reftoken aims raise eur.m denominated eth via initial coin offering. funds will apportioned the below approximate ratio. the target funding amount eur.m with hard cap eurm. additional will used hire more developers expedite development. the additional funding will also allow add the following modules the platform: super affiliate/mlm management functionality. inbuilt rtb display platform (similar google's adsense) that will allow users buy space each other's sites without middleman taking the lion's share the revenue. leader boards competition module for merchants incentivize affiliates promote their brand. commission splitting allow affiliates collaborate (e.g. affiliate creates great content, yet not too adept generating traffic, whilst affiliates great seo has significant social following. affiliate will able approach offer them percentage the commissions raised they distribute his. this will done trustlessly via smart contract the platform. market where freelancers will able pick copywriting, translation, design and video creation gigs exchange for share commissions generated that content. reftoken token sale during the presale and ico, users will able send eth launch address, thereby committing buying ref tokens the current price the time the transaction received (and indicated the reftoken ico site). total million ref tokens will created. the auction will governed smart contract whose code will open for public review. all tokens will sold during the pre-ico all tokens will sold during the ico all tokens will reserved for market making purposes for one year all tokens will retained the founders employees all tokens will retained advisors all tokens will reserved for seed contributors pre-sale reftoken will run -day presale round caped eth starting gmt the october and ending the october pre-sale contributions will awarded bonus ref granting ref per eth donated. all presale tokens will locked for period days after the ico has been finalised safeguard participants token value. ico reftoken the public ico will start gmt the october and end the december daily price inflation rate .%, will triggered the november taking the token price from ref/eth after days until the hard cap hit. reftoken aims level the playing field, and allow broad participation possible. ownership ref carries rights other than the right exchange and claim over the platform via exchanges. reftoken does not represent confer any ownership right stake, share security equivalent rights intellectual property rights. escrow funds all funds raised during the ico will held out multi-sig wallet that will include licenced fiduciary agents two the signatories. all funds raised the presale will made available immediately for the purpose promoting the ico. ico funds will released three month tranches cover expenses, with the flexibility adjust amounts response current market conditions. market making during the lock period, the company will utilise its reserves protect the token's market value the best its abilities, with protective bottom targeted off compounded week week appreciation rate. the company will also protect prices from artificial 'pumps' stabilising prices should malicious trading patterns detected. reftoken use funds platform development will the primary cost driver, including but not limited to: development market ready product integration third party services development proprietary api secure wallet creation development state channels development internal economic model marketing business development will major area focus, particularly, the establishing agreements and integrations with exchanges, ico consultancy companies and blockchain early adopters win first-movers advantage the space. prior evidence indicates that substantial competitive moat developed the first mover such space, merchants are reluctant undergo the disruption and costs migrating competing services once integration place (bar significant breakdown service quality). advisors consultants the leadership team reftoken are cognisant the fact that the blockchain space new, and rapidly evolving and are determined on-board the best and most brilliant advisors available ensure that the project success right off the bat.