contents introduction what regalcoin specifications algorithm ico initial coin offering ico target ico parameters ico alocation structure why must choose regalcoin benefits roadmap development www.regalcoin.info introduction what regalcoin regalcoin crypto currency. this currency like the dollar, but only available the digital world. the concept may sound like bitcoin, and actually not much different from bitcoin. transfer instant peer peer peer-to-peer itself means regalcoin runs without having central server. the storage server decentralized and distributed-divided into various servers run each user connected the network. peer transfer money easily just like bitcoin, can sent anywhere seconds, whenever and wherever you want. money transfer with regalcoin can happen only with smartphone's and internet connection. www.regalcoin.info peer transfer fee very small zero transfer fee can removed until free, but speed transactions, you can set the cost regalcoin wallet needed matter how much coin sent. regalcoin transactions are anonymous all the transactions have done can seen, but not know who the owner the regalcoin address the owner does not tell it. each regalcoin user can actually choose whether not his name will appear, but even the user wants keep his identity secret, all his transactions are still recorded and can monitored through blockchain. transactions are very easy you can transfer regalcoin anywhere the world long connected the internet. regalcoin will deposited into the regalcoin wallet. register via web wallet download wallet app, enter regalcoin address from the transaction opponent and the amount regalcoin you want transfer klik send button. www.regalcoin.info the number coins limited regalcoin supply will only have million coins worldwide, this resembles economic system based deflation and with increasing supply coin, regalcoin prices tend rise, when demand high and the number coins that remain not increased. regalcoin not controlled institutions governments regalcoin that uses the blockchain database not controlled party, but open the public that impossible for someone forge transactions blockchain. all transactions are recorded live, transparent, and spread across multiple servers. those who want change falsify regalcoin transaction data must hack multiple servers the same time. differences bitcoin and regalcoin the world cryptocurrancies, bitcoin and regalcoin are not much different, the difference opportunity and price. have one bitcoin you have prepare more usd, regalcoin has bigger opportunity because the price still very cheap and you have chance for the price ico which not you get the bitcoin before. how get regalcoin you can get regalcoin buying and staking. buy regalcoin can done through exchangers who have worked with us. www.regalcoin.info spesification coin type pow/pos hybrid algorithm coin abbreviaon rec maximum coin supply million total pow block pow block reward rec time between reward second maximum stake age day maximum stake age day pos yearly interest github source code website www.regalcoin.info github.com/regalcoin/regalcoin regalcoin.info algotrithm widely used hashing algorithm created dash core developer evan duffield. x's chained hashing algorithm utilizes sequence eleven scientific hashing algorithms for the proof-of-work. this that the processing distribution fair and coins will distributed much the same way bitcoin's were originally. was intended make asics much more difficult create, thus giving the currency plenty time develop before mining centralization became threat. this approach was largely successful; early asics for now exist and comprise significant portion the network hashrate, but have not resulted the level centralization present bitcoin. the name the chained proof-of-work (pow) algorithm that was introduced dash (launched january "xcoin"). was partially inspired the chained-hashing approach quark, adding further "depth" and complexity increasing the number hashes, yet differs from quark that the rounds hashes are determined priori instead having some hashes being randomly picked.the algorithm uses multiple rounds different hashes (blake, bmw, groestl, jh, keccak, skein, luffa, cubehash, shavite, simd, echo), thus making one the safest and more sophisticated cryptographic hashes use modern cryptocurrencies.the name not related the open source gui server that provides graphical interface unix/linux users. www.regalcoin.info ico (initial coin offering) what ico ico extension initial coin offering. initial means the earliest, coin means digital token coin and offering means bidding, when interpreted its entirety means the earliest coin offerings before launch into the free market. ico target our goal and objective promote regalcoin aims provide opportunities all cryptocurrency enthusiasts immediately have regalcoin price that still competitive. understand correctly about the development payment instruments today, countries have used crypto digital payment tool, with the presence regalcoin believe can create great opportunity for the world cryptocurrency further develop. www.regalcoin.info ico parameters ico start ico finish august september qico price usd rec one time payment usd rec usd rec usd rec usd rec one time payment one time payment one time payment one time payment ssico coin distribucon million www.regalcoin.info ico parameter investors development adversing maintenance funds allocation investors development advertising maintenance why must choose regalcoin benefit this great opportunity that can promise all our members. believe that can give advantage all our members around the world with the concept have prepared for major change the world cryptocurrencies. lending program early contribution network program affiliate program partnership early contribution each member has the opportunity contribute early taking the ico opportunities have prepared through our website and several partner exchangers, rec with the opening price usd and increasing volume, use your earliest opportunity have coin very low price from us. www.regalcoin.info lending program one very interesting concept for passive investors and perfect for those who not want take headache about investment returns can not promise how much profit can give each month, but we're opening this opportunity for our passive investors get similar opportunity when they not have time active. lending program fluctuative depends the work our bot which funding your investment fund, this profit given every day days according contract, when the contract expires then the investment fund will returned accordance with terms conditions. affiliate program prepare affiliate bonus our diligent member promotion introduce regalcoin the world. affiliate bonus can obtained way members must perform lending least once. the affiliate program, for the next when there are members investors who lending through your referral then you can get affiliate bonus instantly. network program understand the workings the world from this appreciate from every effort our members who have promoted regalcoin the world, with this give bonus leadership all our members who can build their group accordance with qualifications that have been prepared the system then they are entitled receive network bonus that has been prepared. network program this concept prepared for the purpose helping online businesses get the same growth opportunities with us, this concept very simple, invite online businesses use regalcoin digital payment tool their system, and make easier for their members make payments, addition also help promote their website through our website when they have used regalcoin means payment. roadmap and development august september october *initial coin offering "ico" *web wallet dekstop *linux,windows,mac wallet *lending program promo *listing exchange *price target *online marketing campaign *offline marketing campaign *android wallet *i.o.s wallet *new pair doge,eth,ltc november december *blockchain school training *lending program training *confrence *target price *merchant partnership *programs partnership *training centre *regalcoin debitcard *local exchanger *and more.... charity www.regalcoin.info www.regalcoin.info