decentralized global home rental platform whitepaper table contents introduction foreword highlights rentberry's ongoing business company background rentberry explained what rentberry? the world needs rentberry: here's why open and transparent rental platform benefits for landlords tenants key advantages unique features auctioning technology crowdsourced rental deposit network proprietary scoring system rent payments additional services third party service providers utility bills payments ongoing research the power data blockchain technology and smart contracts table contents team and progress team our track record prominent investors advisors status quo timeline token launch token sale overview bonus for large purchasers token sale structure token sale procedure and allocation rentberry reserve budget allocation overview risks participating the token sale expansion marketing strategy expansion plan -month roadmap conclusion legal disclaimer source material introduction "blockchain technology and the utility token ecosystem are the two pillars that will turn our transparent rental platform into global one." foreword rentberry positive trajectory the long-term rental platform space. already have more than users and properties our platform and have raised million funds from highly respected angel and institutional investors. unlike many blockchain startups, already have established business which goes beyond vision and roadmap. since the latest version our platform went live early the media has referred truly disruptive real estate technology. this has resulted requests from around the globe asking when our services and technology will become available international basis. the goal the rentberry token sale ("token sale") convert our business into truly decentralized token ecosystem that will reduce the time and expense long-term rentals for everyone involved, and provide the capital which will allow address the growing international demand for rentberry's services. highlights rentberry's ongoing business founded: listed properties: capital raised: cities: team: active user growth: people m/m combined years experience: applications processed: total number properties that were shown the platform from january until november number unique users who initiated sessions rentberry.com website within selected time period. company background "in contrast many other companies launching token sales, already have functioning platform." founded rentberry the end after our founders spent almost month searching for rental properties san francisco, california. experienced the frustration involved with submitting rental applications, enduring bidding wars with other prospective tenants and going through uncomfortable face-to-face negotiations with landlords. consistently lost apartments other applicants because the lack transparency the rental process had idea there were other applicants who were willing offer more than the original asking price established landlords. moreover, once rented apartment, had freeze thousands dollars for rental deposit even though had excellent credit reports, employment histories and references. the time-consuming, costly and unnerving process finding apartment made question the efficiency the traditional long-term rental process. with our founders having lived and worked two different continents and having seed round investors from different countries, know firsthand that the same problems with long-term rentals exist not just the u.s. but international level. promotions long-term rental properties offer real value users other than pictures and descriptions the properties. rentberry, however, working technology that will unite tenants and landlords and simplify the rental process with more complete online property management solution built the blockchain. rentberry explained what rentberry? rentberry decentralized long-term rental ecosystem that will use blockchain technology make the rental process less costly and more convenient and secure. the transparent ecosystem with verified information renters and landlords fosters trust between the parties. rentberry's proprietary auctioning technology reduces traditional frustrations, scam rates, time delays, and friction points the rental process benefit both tenants and landlords. also, the rentberry ecosystem will offer the ability for community members help back quality tenants, unfreezing millions dollars tied rental deposits the process. although the costs and characteristics housing vary across the world, residents many countries experience the same problems the long-term rental space. rentberry's mission offer solution that will equally efficient for residents across international borders. the world needs rentberry: here's why technological evolution has led the disruption multiple sectors recent years. the long term (six months and longer) rental industry has remained relatively stagnant. despite many other industries having been successfully disrupted recent years (retail, social media, transportation), the long-term property rental space remains mired tradition and lacks comparable innovation. the process long-term rentals still results frustration and lost time for both the owners rental properties who are looking for additional income and potential tenants who are looking for place call home. there has not yet been technological disruption significant enough usher new--and better--way rent. here rentberry, aim change that. global practices still include listings the form simple classified ads print publications sites like craigslist, zillow, rightmove and zoopla which provide limited information about particular property for prospective tenants and essentially support for actionable items, such the application process, contract execution, rent collection, and maintenance requests. today, rentberry offers users fully operational, web-based long-term rental platform. our goal leverage blockchain technology ensure seamless rental experience which will allow the entire rental application and rental contracts process completed quickly and online. still common practice complete many tasks manually. this includes calling emailing prospective tenants, manually screening applicants, and accepting paper checks cash for rent payments. addition, agents and brokers sometimes charge significant fees for minimal services, and landlords force tenants freeze thousands dollars rental deposits. international renters face problems qualifying rent overseas their credit scores and credit histories are only valid their country citizenship the country which they are legally qualified work and live the moment. meanwhile, renting has become economic and lifestyle choice for americans, the swiss, and germans, name just few countries. currently, there are over million rental units worldwide and around billion people living long-term rentals. according the most recent statistics from the un, there are over million international migrants living worldwide, which creates large pool potential users who are likely benefit from transparent universal rental platform. according recent harvard university study, long-term rental behavior has increased among all income groups, age groups, and household types. according projections the urban institute, many new households formed will renting homes instead buying them. renting has become the new normal and believe this trend will continue hold true for other countries around the world. using rentberry, landlords and tenants countries across the globe will have the opportunity enjoy transparent and universally applicable platform for long-term rentals. rentberry will: eliminate the need for the agent/broker model (and associated expenses) allowing landlords and tenants complete all rental tasks online peer peer manner; establish uniform international standard rental procedures that will benefit expats and migrants living and working new countries; and provide crowdsourced rental deposit network that will allow tenants reduce the amount their own money they need tie their rental deposits. this makes rentberry the first company the long-term residential real estate space that will strive operate internationally and ensure fair, frictionless, and seamless long-term rental process for all parties involved. open and transparent rental platform rentberry will use blockchain technology streamline the entire long-term rental process making possible for tenants and landlords complete all rental tasks one place. these tasks include: searching for properties; making offers bids via the rentberry auctioning platform; screening prospects; selecting the best most suitable candidates; negotiating the terms; unlocking rental deposits; e-signing contracts; paying rent; submitting maintenance requests; hiring third-party service providers (e.g., handymen and plumbers); and enabling landlords stay connected with tenants. already have functional platform and marketplace with actual users and properties that allow for some these transactions. our active user traffic has grown month month during the future, plan decentralize and fully automate the tasks listed above using blockchain technology powered our berry token. tenants will have free access view rental listings the platform will single-family homeowners with three properties. large volume landlords (those with more than three properties under management), such real estate corporations, brokerage firms and property management companies, will have pay only berry tokens (i.e., expected approximately usd) per month they choose manage more than three properties the platform simultaneously. benefits for landlords and tenants duplicated efforts, protracted bureaucratic processes and financial friction are common friction points within the long-term rental market. rentberry's platform benefits landlords and tenants follows: landlords listing marketing syndication landlord benefits will include the ability list any property the platform with specified asking price and include detailed information the given rental unit. using berry tokens, landlords can promote listings rentberry.com syndicate additional rental sites for increased reach and visibility. the fee for property promotion will dynamic and will depend the number other landlords promoting their properties the same time. rental price auction all rental applications will collected user-friendly format with the option accept reject any application with single click. rentberry's auctioning technology (described below) ensures transparency and fair competition, and will also ensure that landlords are able to: reduce vacancy rates seamlessly addressing pricing depressed market conditions; capitalize hot markets extracting the most value from their properties; and select tenants based data points beyond the amount they are willing pay. the rentberry scoring methodology rentberry evolves, the platform will allow tenants and landlords rate each other submitting reviews, and will also allow both parties assess each other reference those reviews and immutable record rental activity stored the blockchain. this information, coupled with publicly available data (e.g., credit reports, background checks, etc.), will analyzed and processed rentberry's proprietary scoring technology. the rentberry methodology will more advanced, decentralized, secure/immutable and intuitive than vertically-focused solutions that analyze only one aspect renter's history (such experian credit reports the u.s.). addition, since the rentberry scores are part the tenant and landlord profiles the rentberry platform, they can used internationally. this will open number new possibilities, including allowing: landlords, addition the actual tenant application data, use the rentberry scoring system choose the best tenant for the property; members the rentberry community use the rentberry scoring system identify quality tenants they want back helping them fund their rental deposits, return for certain rewards; and tenants use the landlord scores addition open-house visits find the properties with the best landlord. rent collection and use berry tokens all payments the platform will executed berry tokens. landlords will able collect rent berry tokens seamlessly and securely and use for other services the platform, such to: pay for property promotion and marketing which will feature their properties the top search results and highlight them different color the map available rentals; use berry tokens help quality tenants covering portion their rental deposits exchange for rewards the form berry tokens; hire third-party service providers, such house cleaners, handymen, plumbers, electricians, etc. tenants focused property search tenants will able display filtered results with detailed analysis key information relating each listed property. this includes: seamless searches for properties the desired area using extensive filtering capability (e.g., size, price, preferred amenities, etc.); online scheduling open-house visits order see the properties and meet the landlords; and internal and secure communication system that allows potential tenants contact landlords without bothering them with phone calls and/or emails. transparent application process rentberry understands that the incumbent rental decision model binary and unforgiving. incomplete less than desired credit profiles mean having the rental application denied putting down higher rental deposit. that why rentberry has developed market leading application functionalities benefit tenants. tenants are able submit applications online without bothering landlords and mailing/emailing confidential information (e.g., ssn, passport numbers, bank account information, etc.). during this process, tenants are able to: analyze demand for the property and relevant information offers submitted other applicants; customize offers real-time based demand thus increasing the chances securing the property using our proprietary auctioning technology; and negotiate pricing factors (e.g., rent, deposits, lease duration). this blockchain-based solution, all evidence formal certification and documentation required complete rental application will automatically recorded the distributed ledger (in manner compliant with applicable privacy laws, including the european union's gdpr). crowdsourced rental deposit coverage the rentberry community (tenants, landlords, friends family will have the ability utilize their berry tokens cover portion rental deposits for selected tenants exchange for rewards the form berry tokens (i.e., interest rate type return, paid berry tokens, reward for having funded part the rental deposit). this will allow otherwise-qualified tenants who might otherwise not able afford rental deposit rent apartment, and having others contribute their rental deposit, providing them with better reputational and financial credibility with potential landlords. this will also give landlords access larger pool qualified applicants and increase their ability rent apartments. rental contract execution tenants can securely and safely execute legal contract which signed the parties using their blockchain keys identities and then immutably store that contract the blockchain. this can done seconds without wasting paper crucial time. execution the contract will lead automatic settlement (transfer berry tokens) under the terms the smart contract, reducing the friction, time and reconciliation issues associated with confirming initial deposit and rental payments. maintenance requests once the property rented, tenants will able conveniently submit maintenance service requests the landlords. all requests will stored the system and will able accessed any time case disputes the future. tenants who record this activity the rentberry blockchain platform will have proof that they reported issues timely manner, thereby reducing the potential for liability for additional damage that they allegedly failed report promptly, not all. security tenant information all tenant's relevant personal data (e.g., financial, rental history, credit rating, references and reviews) will secured immutably the blockchain. this data will wholly owned and controlled the tenant and only made visible the landlord when the tenant makes rental application using their private key wallet their mobile and/or web app. key advantages unique features auctioning technology "innovative customer offer submission technology will reshape the rental process." the rentberry auctioning technology part what believe the platform's unique intellectual property, and are currently the process filing for patent protection. applicant with highest offer your offer additional info rent offer deposit offer screening credit score monthly salary pets monthly rent medium demand applications roommates asking price: highest offer: deposit average credit score show details match highest asking deposit: highest offer: beat highest next the auctioning technology's core purpose ensure that landlords price their properties optimally both hot and slow markets, while potential tenants are afforded complete visibility competing offers and offered the ability seamlessly negotiate rental terms online. the auctioning technology acts pricing oracle and part rentberry's unique selling proposition (usp), which allows tenants bid, sign legal rental documents and settle payments using berry tokens, all one visit the rentberry website mobile app. the application cost for prospective tenants (including access the rentberry auctioning technology) will berry tokens (expected approximately usd) per application, which berry tokens (expected approximately usd) will distributed rentberry fee for using the service and the remaining berry tokens will distributed the applicable landlord towards initial payment, described more fully below. this price includes u.s. credit score and background report. the future, plan have our own proprietary tenant score and landlord scores, based activity recorded the blockchain, and use these scores will included this fee. use this model our current business and are already generating revenue and increasing users daily. are hopeful that migrating blockchain based solution will accelerate this growth. also plan seek permission integrate with additional blockchain solutions, including, for example, the appii platform (http://appii.io) for verified education and professional records. this case, appii users could permission rentberry access their verified credentials, thereby increasing their score well their chances successful selection landlord. following the launch berry tokens via the token sale, and once the platform fully developed, tenants accessing the proprietary auctioning technology based platform will able make offers rent properties using berry tokens. the workflow berry tokens will driven smart contracts. tenants will have pay berry tokens per application give access their own data the landlords. this data will feature all the shared, private, privacy law compliant historical information recorded the blockchain made available for the landlord make educated decision the caliber the tenant(s). the landlord selects that tenant, the berry tokens will automatically distributed the landlord via smart contract applied the first month's rent the rental deposit determined the landlord and tenant. the remaining berry tokens will retained rentberry fee for the services being provided. the case rejected application, all berry tokens will returned the tenants' wallet. important note that all transaction data property, location, date, amount, outcome will stored the blockchain. this information may shared with rentberry perform analysis better enhance its algorithm offering recommendations tenants what bid based current market conditions. crowdsourced rental deposit network estimate that there more than billion locked rental deposits worldwide. average, renters become homeowners the age this means that from the time they turn and until they acquire property, most people rent. renters switch rental units, the rental deposits that they put down are continuously frozen with different landlords. addition, millions people are looking for better way use their capital more than trillion currently sits banks generating only average interest. the rentberry platform will allow quality tenants unlock most the money they would have tie their rental deposits utilizing crowdsourced rental deposit network community users the rentberry platform, such friends, family members, landlords, tenants who will finance part the required rental deposit. people who are willing help based internal analysis and estimates derived from the data from various publications (see source material section). tenants may not even actual tenants landlords with listings the platform. these users might join the rentberry network with the sole purpose helping tenants who not want have the full amount required for their rental deposit frozen and, helping such people, receive rewards for doing so. smart contracts will underpin this process, providing provenance and transparency contributors regarding the underlying asset tenant, well rendering more efficient onboarding, ownership transfer and settlement processes. the rental deposits will reside the blockchain the platform, with the tenant's risk profile and past performance attached. the landlord has instant access the rental deposit funds provided the tenant and contributors case the default rent damage the property. depending the amount claimed the landlord, the first funds unlocked are the tenant. the tenant's funds are not enough cover the damage/rent, the funds the contributors pro-rated proportion will become available the landlord. case the default rent damage the property the tenant's score will negatively affected and contributors and landlord will able rate and write review, which most likely would limit this tenant crowdsource rental deposit the future. all this activity will managed smart contracts, with all payments the form berry tokens and transaction fee paid rentberry. have access executives top companies the insurance industry and plan use their advice the future when comes building crowdsourced rental deposit network. our current seed round investors include richard coon founder partners life (insurance company new zealand) and patrick frost ceo swiss life group (the largest insurance company switzerland). rentberry's crowdsourced rental deposit network detail: tenant will required pay minimum the actual rental deposit (acting similar deductible); community members will able analyze key information about the tenant (including proprietary tenant's score, etc.). once ready, they can submit offers (amount they are willing help with and rewards that they are looking receive return). average, expect community members receive rewards excess the amount that they cover (our research indicates that the average yearly interest rate community members ask for will between -%); tenant will receive all the offers from the community and will able pick and choose the best deals; rentberry will able participate offering fund rental deposits well. this way will ensure that quality tenants will able receive help for the full remaining amount the rental deposit its value); rentberry will also collect percentage the transaction volume (reward paid rentberry). expect the commission around the transaction amount. all rewards collected rentberry will deposited the rentberry reserve (see section ..). all this activity will underpinned blockchain, smart contracts and the berry tokens for verifiability and efficiency. expect the supply and demand from both sides balance due two factors: community members will offer their best terms the most qualified tenants; and tenants will analyze all offers and pick the best proposals from the community members. armed with our proprietary scoring system which will act oracle, coupled with the use artificial intelligence, our goal help tenants save and unlock millions dollars upfront rental deposits paying instead only portion that deposit and small reward berry tokens those who cover the balance the deposit. proprietary scoring system traditional credit bureaus work reasonably well when comes providing data financial institutions for products like mortgages, car loans, credit card applications, and the like. however, none the credit bureaus were created with the rental industry mind. that why they not capture crucial data points (e.g., rental payments, references, reviews prior landlords, number roommates, payment split). all today's platforms are essentially classified ads that don't have, provide access to, the necessary data streamline the rental process for all involved. further, the data from traditional credit bureaus one country does not carry authority when people cross borders and apply for rentals abroad. the rentberry platform, all information tenants and landlords will recorded smart contracts and used smart oracle calculate the proprietary tenant and landlord scores. where individual located will not issue information and scores for both parties will saved the platform and made available upon request and when granted permission. token-based transactional rental solution, combined with healthy, incentivizing ecosystem for good users the network, underpinned the berry token, will enable rentberry increase transaction volumes. putting our platform onto the blockchain allows our ecosystem create unified token which has value globally, while building individual reputational ratings that can trusted any party. the scoring system statistical screening method, tenant and landlord data made available rentberry used generate score between and potential risks will reflected these scores. the higher the score tenant, the lower the risk for landlord experience default damage the property. the higher the score landlord, the greater the chance for tenant build long-lasting rental relationship mutually beneficial terms. rentberry's individual score will based data from many sources, including: information from applications; previous payment performance; history evictions; bankruptcy records; data and scores from credit bureaus; past due accounts; and publicly available information. proprietary scoring system blockchain reviews tenants blockchain landlord tenant wants rent out wants rent technology technology property ratings application information on-time maintenance social media profiles property rental deposit policy property bankruptcy records property history and condition credit bureau data and scores score scale rental terms move-in move-out rules prompt communication reviews landlords payment performance poor fair good excellent score score score score and more! eviction history past due accounts and more! rent payments rentberry plans allow tenants make their rental payments berry tokens starting this means more fees will incurred that will associated with credit card wire transfer payment, bounced checks, unrecorded cash transactions, long wait times for receiving payments. the risk any fraudulent activity will minimized all payments will recorded immutable ledger. with berry tokens, tenants will not only get chance pay rent online, but will also get use single internationalized platform medium. rental payments will free charge (no commissions hidden fees) using berry tokens. history rent payments will appended the tenants' private profile and will used the calculation the proprietary tenant score. required, will seek any necessary registrations and/or licenses ensure that transactions comply with all u.s. and applicable international legal frameworks, including with respect money transmission and anti-money laundering. rentberry will also comply with all requirements such registrations and/or licenses. additional services third party service providers rentberry plans partner with third-party service providers and invite them (individual corporate clients) join the platform. they will specify the services that they offer, the location that they serve and the price for each service rendered. landlords and tenants will given the ability select and order services from their portals the rentberry platform. all payments will made berry tokens and rentberry will charge commission the total price the services. utility bills payments our team plans partner with utility corporations, such pg&e, offer the ability for users pay utility bills berry tokens directly through the platform. our goal make sure all services that relate the long-term rental process will paid for online through our portal. this will dramatically simplify the lives tenants and landlords allowing them save precious time. ongoing research smart locks the moment, our team working designing smart lock technology that will work based smart contracts. firmly believe that smart locks will find great use the rental industry they can make much easier for landlords hold open houses and for tenants access their rentals after their move-in dates. with smart locks, the landlord will not need present let potential tenant into the property the potential tenant will just have plug smartphone into the lock order open the door. the potential tenant's identification would confirmed using existing identity verification solution (e.g., civic technologies). one the major obstacles using smart locks the rental business was their battery life. are developing next-generation smart locks that will not need charged all; instead, they will gather power from the phone's battery when plugged into the lock open the door. open house visit landlord tenant move-in date open lock the power data plan store all information housing trends/price fluctuations our platform, and this will certainly use for many businesses. for example, financial institutions, such credit card companies, are likely interested accessing tenant score information and sending them credit card offers. moving companies would interested acquiring information about tenant move-out and move-in dates order send promotional information about their services. there doubt that plenty companies from different industries would eager acquire this information for the purpose market analysis and advertising. will provide users with absolute control over how their data shared through the blockchain compliance with applicable privacy laws. will also let users profit off their data rewarding them with berry tokens for each point time which they have allowed their data accessed third party. blockchain technology and smart contracts crowdsourced network service providers application process rental auction reviews ratings agreements utility bills rent payments convenience security global expansion rewards rentberry convinced that blockchain technology combined with smart contracts will the core engine for the long-term rental industry. the blockchain provides mechanism for securing and transferring funds, and supporting the complex multi-party agreements that drive those fund transfers through the use smart contracts. the fact that the data remains saved immutable distributed data store means that users can rest assured that their data cannot tampered with, payment flows can optimized, identity can managed securely, and ultimately the overall rental experience can improved. all users rentberry application(s) will required use identity wallet prove that they provided the data that they initiated approved the underlying activity. landlords and tenants will able specify their own terms and conditions their rental agreement smart contracts. third party services are likely used validate identity the platform. the creation the berry token the first step building system incentives and rewards drive efficiency the industry. believe that once payments are tokenized, the processes drive token movement can modelled using smart contracts, and driven using electronic signatures from the different parties. initially, berry tokens will issued the ethereum blockchain under either the erc- erc- token standard. anticipated that rentberry smart contracts will written ethereum solidity. general, the solution will built blockchain platform agnostic manner, future proof for evolving and emerging blockchain technology innovations. the event that ethereum resource constraints, including delayed processing times for transactions the ethereum blockchain adversely impact the performance the rentberry platform, rentberry will consider adopting hybrid public private blockchain model. under such model, while berry tokens would reside the public chain, rentberry would create private blockchain network ledger, with smart contract capability, track all transactions the platform. interchain token transfer would provided relatively trustless (e.g., independent multi node) standard inter-ledger protocol. rentberry users will have full access view this private chain ledger. such model were adopted, rentberry would seek migrate all transactions and smart contract activity the ethereum public chain once could fully support the rentberry transaction flow without any degradation platform performance. rentberry's team members have extensive experience developing number smart contract based applications. using smart contracts drive token movement automates the process, and removes the need trust single party with the funds. blockchain and smart contracts together will manage and implement features our platform involving: identity user (tenant landlord); know your customer anti-money laundering; reputation; proof biometric authentication (not storage biometric data); all activity that modifies the smart contract based identity profile; all agreements parties; and all activity that drives token movement; each party will have their own identity private key wallet, stored their mobile device and secured using biometrics, and any user activity that driven through the smart contract will initiated approved using the identity wallet immutable proof consent. for example, rental process that fully processed the ethereum public blockchain might flow follows: tenants purchase berry tokens stored their own personal wallets; tenants apply rent apartment, allocating berry tokens application deposit smart contract; landlord selects preferred tenant, and berry tokens are moved from the application deposit smart contract the winning tenant rental deposit smart contract serving initial down payment towards the rental deposit. the remaining berry tokens are moved rentberry's own wallet service fee. all losing tenant application berry tokens are refunded; the winning tenant next seeks contributions towards the required rental deposit reaching out the rentberry community; the crowdsourced rental deposit network offers the tenant's rental deposit requirements the community; community members specify what they are willing contribute towards the tenant's rental deposit, and the reward they require; the tenant selects community members whose offers the tenant willing accept; contributors transfer berry tokens the selected tenant's rental deposit smart contract equal the amount the deposit they were willing help fund; tenant transfers berry tokens the rental deposit smart contract equal the tenant's minimum contribution (assume and additional amount sufficient cover all rewards paid contributors when the lease over, well the rentberry transaction fee; the rental deposit smart contract will automatically distribute fee rentberry's own wallet deposit contributions service fee; when the tenant moves out, there has not been damage claim the landlord, the rental deposit smart contract will transfer berry tokens that have been deposited back the tenant and each contributor deposit (plus any reward that was agreed paid the contributor); when the tenant moves out, there has been damage claim the landlord (that agreed and digitally authorized the tenant), the rental deposit smart contract will transfer berry tokens the landlord's wallet equal the value the damage claim, with the payment being covered first the tenant's own contribution the rental deposit. any amounts remaining after the damage claim has been paid will allocated the rental deposit smart contract pro rata those who have contributed the rental deposit. private data will encrypted the smart contract using third-party privacy and identity framework. this will enable data kept private and held privacy law compliant manner. copyright rentberry, inc. support@rentberry.com mobile app wallet provides biometric transfer berry checks linked private key wallet security public ethereum berry blockchain tenant wallet landlord wallet erc-/ contract user private key insurer wallet drives identity and platform interledger token transfer transactions (to protocol network combined later stage with public accounting token drives private ethereum blockchain sidechain channels berry public token movement erc- token wallet) erc-/ contract rentberry wallet business logic smart contracts application rental deposit deposit contract contract private sidechain solution migrate rent full public payment blockchain if/when contract scaling permits tenant insurer identity identity landlord identity contract contract contract identity contract contains proof identity, attestations third parties, and identity reputation record, contract proof biometric authentication generic admin console for viewing data private key stored local app storage smart contracts, and viewing blockchain hardware secure enclave. data can history (explorer), managing users. encrypted decrypted using client key. web mobile device biometrics verification blockchain explorer wallet wallet document capture react native agnostic browser biometric capture wrapper native app views service native app biometrics native (ios, android) verification service blockchain explorer restful json https privacy cache stores read only api decrypted data from blockchain events. used for fast data search lookup reporting analytics client app privacy cache (redis) privacy framework server node private key docker data privacy smart contracts privacy managed privacy framework container management (including privacy server), with some privacy and permission enforcing libraries components residing smart contracts smart entity entity contracts new nodes created using entity entity other nodes environment creation scripts create and auto-configure docker ledger (ethereum parity) containers preloaded with required components. data can encrypted private key recovery optimised development generic admin console service side decrypted using client key procedure (fa), tools for smart contract application for viewing creating and stored privacy cache hardware key storage applications, includes modifying data smart contracts, contracts server. viewing blockchain history (explorer), managing users. docker container nodes hosted premise cloud team and progress dedicated people years combined years combined experience blockchain experience team alex lubinsky ceo former investment banking executive and berkeley graduate who founded and sold several companies. real estate owner and successful entrepreneur responsible for defining rentberry's vision. eugene terentev david sviatozhevsky eugene kurasov alex svityashchuk nadia sidko blockchain developer blockchain developer backend developer backend developer frontend developer alexander vilko anton kazanov kostyantin horozhanov denys mykhailyshen denis golubovskiy frontend developer frontend developer frontend developer frontend developer cto dmytro denysenko max zabarylo july yakimova lily ostapchuk victor zubkov android developer engineer engineer cpo project manager alex humeniuk alex kotovskov liza repko stas babaev alyona blakytna seo engineer product designer visual designer ui/ux designer business development alex tkachenko kate fisenko creative writer sales our track record successfully raised prior our token sale, have already successfully raised million two seed rounds from highly respected angel and institutional investors, including from the uk, switzerland, germany, france, new zealand, australia, china, canada, usa, poland, qatar prominent investors jadevalue (cashbus) ventures zing capital beechwood ventures brian nelson fund china fund australia fund canada fund usa co-president nelson brothers property management patrick frost trevor bond paolo zapparoli matthew russell gregory lee ceo co-chair president executive director president the swiss life group hbs alumni angels ventures braas monier building nokia technologies group marie ebersbacher beat neukom ryan sullivan kevin pshebniski lee leslie managing director chief financial officer ceo ceo executive cbiz merz group intensity hopewell development ten-x real estate leslie bai milorad andjelic aaron james deer carolyn taylor matthew cottis president partner managing director president partner siemic corporation abris capital sandler o'neill partners weatherly asset hogan lovells llp management advisors our team has some the best advisors the real estate, legal and finance industries. and we're proud say that certain our advisors have actually invested rentberry themselves. roy malkin glen reed andrew barlow bijal shah max tappeiner president partner managing director principal operations venture aviator king spalding venturian global partners las vegas sands corp. michael fernandez maulik bhagat michael koran trevor richards raj nair ceo managing director founder cto technology factory aarete consulting primary residential lightwell corporation ericsson mortgage ayesha rahman derek schueren marco rossi edward levin william robinson senior managing director sales marketing partner head patent team savantage solutions recommind siemens pegasus capital lookout status quo timeline "in rentberry launched nationwide. our goal become international platform." status rentberry october driven talented team developers, designers, marketing, cryptography and security experts, well bankers and accountants lay the base for exponential growth; have developed, and have been operating, functional, web-based rental platform where many rental associated activities (such applying for apartment and paying rent) can done one place. rentberry's auctioning technology allows for transparent application process where future tenants can compete fairly and ask for discounts, depending market conditions. our plan move this platform blockchain environment, and add additional functionality that made possible through blockchain and smart contract technology; are leveraging rapidly growing global cryptocurrency user base million users and the user base the traditional "banked" world. additionally, there are millions potential users that are currently "unbanked"; prior our token sale, have already successfully raised million two seed rounds from highly respected angel and institutional investors, including from the uk, switzerland, germany, france, new zealand, australia, china, canada, usa, poland, and qatar; are backed highly experienced investors such ventures, beechwood ventures, zing capital, brian nelson (founder co-president nelson brothers managed over million real estate assets), jadevalue (vc arm cashbus leading microloan company china), patrick frost (ceo the swiss life group the largest insurance company switzerland), kevin pshebniski (ceo hopewell development leading commercial real estate developer canada) and many others guide our journey; have excellent industry support established partnership with move inc. (owner realtor.com), coinfirm and hellosign. member narpm (national association residential property managers) and naa (national apartment association); won blockchain best industry application award global fintech blockchain china summit. timeline may idea inception and market analysis state. interviewed more than landlords and tenants. august rentberry officially incorporated delaware, usa. development the platform and blockchain technology started. september first funding (part the first round) received from principal the carlyle group and ceo synergo private equity. june beta version the platform released. july successfully raised the first round million usd. october invited combinator interview. april rentberry became the first closed-loop rental platform with may transparent application technology the u.s. thousands received business offers from australia, new zealand, the users joined the platform overnight. uk, cyprus and canada franchise partner regarding our core technology. august successfully raised second round million usd. september institutional investors ventures, beechwood ventures, hired redbrick san francisco leading intellectual zing capital and jadevalue joined the round). property attorneys patent the core technology. october december invited keynote speaker top crypto and blockchain new york time (est) events around the world, including: block-con, money coinagenda global, blockshow cointelegraph and many others. rentberry won the blockchain best industry application award the global fintech blockchain china summit. commencement token sale. commencement rentberry token pre-sale. february new york time (est) closing token sale (subject possible extensions). token launch rentberry partnered with cryptonomos perform the token sale and therefore will using their book building platform order manage the token sale (including the kyc process). participate the token sale, prospective purchasers will need visit ico.rentberry.com where they will required register for the cryptonomos book building portal. once successfully registered, buyers will able purchase berry tokens using ethereuum bitcoin. token buyers will purchasing berry tokens used within the rentberry platform, mentioned above. users must list erc- compatible wallet such ethereum wallet order receive their berry tokens which will distributed after the purchase. users may also required provide additional information and documentation verify their identity part rentberry's kyc process, described ico.rentberry.com. rentberry reserves the right reject potential berry token purchaser. official website ico.rentberry.com token sale overview the rentberry token sale will take place december new york time (est) and will conclude the earlier february new york time (est) (the "closing date"); (ii) until the amount contributions received reaches million usd provided that rentberry may extend the closing date, its sole discretion, times with each extension being days (the "token sale end date"). the closing date the last occasion that rentberry extends the closing date (as the case may be), rentberry has not received minimum million usd contributions, this will result contributions being returned contributors. the minimum purchase amount shall eth berry tokens eth berry the exact number berry tokens received contributor will depend what day the token sale the contribution made, determined the berry token allocation mechanism below: december new york time (est) december new york time (est) eth berry bonus december new york time (est) january new york time (est) eth berry bonus january new york time (est) february new york time (est) eth berry bonus bonus for large purchasers purchasers who commit purchase large amount berry tokens during the sale period, will eligible for the optional extra bonus ("private sale"). all such bonuses will discussed individually with each potential buyer. token sale structure instrument: berry; hard cap: equivalent million usd; soft cap (minimum raise): less than the equivalent million usd proceeds have been received the token sale end date (the "minimum raise"), then all funds raised will returned participants (less any applicable transaction costs). any refunds due failure meet the minimum raise will refunded within reasonable period time from the end the token sale end date; total supply: initially million berry tokens are allocated the token sale. the final amount will depend the bonuses that would applied the token sale. all unsold tokens will burned. vesting the vesting schedule for each participating group follows: large volume purchasers (i.e., those who purchase berry tokens valued total eth more single transaction): months vesting period, vesting each month, with -month cliff; rentberry employees: years, linear vesting. token sale procedure and allocation participate the token sale, token buyers will pay the following currencies: ethereum (eth) bitcoin (btc) the tokens will delivered the participants the token sale after the token sale end date. transferability the tokens governed the applicable vesting period, any. the breakdown token allocation follows: berry tokens allocated the token sale; berry tokens created will part the rentberry reserve and will retained rentberry, described below; berry tokens created will distributed rentberry's founders and employees. rentberry committed transparent token sale process and will notify the public the total amount berry tokens circulation after the completion the token sale. rentberry will not create any new berry tokens after the token sale. rentberry reserve described above, rentberry will use the berry tokens the rentberry reserve for future distributions, performing real estate community initiatives and offering inside-platform promotions (e.g., gifts and bonuses for landlords and tenants for taking certain actions reaching certain milestones). the rentberry reserve may not intentionally distributed employees and the sole property rentberry. budget allocation overview important for rentberry that the community understands how the funds from the token sale will spent. the pie-charts below illustrate how the proceeds from sale the berry tokens will allocated after the conclusion the token sale. development marketing and sales acquisitions and partnerships international expansion admin and operations development fund legal bug bounty program development: the proprietary technology for which are applying for patent will the backbone for efficient apartment rental process. the next-generation rental procedure will reduce bureaucratic challenges and will seek eliminate the need for brokers agents. rentberry plans continuously support and introduce new features, user interfaces, and language support for web, ios and android; development: the proprietary technology for which are applying for patent will the backbone for efficient apartment rental process. the next-generation rental procedure will reduce bureaucratic challenges and will seek eliminate the need for brokers agents. rentberry plans continuously support and introduce new features, user interfaces, and language support for web, ios and android; marketing and sales: rentberry will continue run its marketing efforts lean, cost-efficient basis, and keep user acquisition costs one the lowest the industry. please refer the 'expansion marketing strategy' section below for more details; acquisitions and partnerships: our team plans make acquisitions real estate technology companies order boost our expansion and get access industryrelevant data and intellectual property; international expansion: order expand successfully, our team will need integrate with third-party service providers different countries. such integration will allow perform variety services, including checking local credit scores, performing tenant screenings and landlord verifications, and e-signing rental agreements. integration will make easier for enter new markets and gain traction much faster; administration and operations: rentberry running lean, cost-effective start-up and plans continue the future. however, compete the blockchain ecosystem the highest levels, will need funds for accounting and administrative activities; development fund: small portion the funds will dedicated for strategic partnerships enhance rentberry's revenue stream. this could done, for example, the form co-branding and co-marketing initiatives with other companies; legal: one our primary focuses when starting this company mid- was establish solid legal foundation for rentberry. that why rentberry now engaged with some the best legal teams, including latham watkins llp (general corporate counsel) and redbrick (intellectual property and patent lawyers); bug bounty program: our goal make sure our platform will adhere the highest security standards and have minimal number bugs. even though currently have team people (the team will surely increase with our expansion), understand that crucial reward the public for helping build platform with few flaws possible. risks participating the token sale although there are many reasons optimistic about rentberry's prospects, participants the token sale should keep mind potential risks participation. those risks are set forth the token sale terms conditions. expansion marketing strategy expansion plan "building innovative suite screening and risk management services designed for the long-term rental industry." plan expand internationally partnering with other companies the real estate space, acquiring competitors, and doing extensive marketing. the marketing channels include the traditional press/publications, social media channels (twitter, facebook, instagram), opinion influencers, real estate conferences, and word mouth. rentberry already well known internationally and has been covered news publications various countries. plan expand our partnerships with local credit bureaus, banks, insurance companies, property managers, and real estate companies around the world. our team has already established relationships with many such companies the eu, asia, australia and new zealand. following illustration the platform's possible growth. please note that all numbers are only projections based our current estimates. users million million million listed properties million million million rental applications million million million million million $billion america (us, canada) asia (all countries) global oceania (australia, new europe (all countries) zealand) america asia (china, korea, africa processed crowdsourced rental deposits markets japan) europe (the uk, germany, france) key services transparent rental proprietary international tokenized utility bills application and auction tenant and landlord payments process scores tokenized platform/rent api for third-party payments service providers crowdsourced rental partnership with local deposits and rewards credit bureaus and real integration estate companies smart-lock technology disclaimer: these projections are forward-looking, are subject significant business, economic, regulatory and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many which are beyond the control rentberry and its management, and are based upon assumptions with respect future decisions, which are subject change. actual results will vary and those variations may material. for discussion some the important factors that could cause these variations, please consult section "risks participating the token sale" this whitepaper and particular, the token sale terms and conditions. nothing this whitepaper should regarded representation any person that these objectives will achieved and rentberry undertakes duty update its objectives circumstances change. this whitepaper sets forth description the planned rentberry platform and the use berry tokens. this being provided for informational purposes only and not binding legal agreement. berry token sales will governed the token purchase agreement available ico.rentberry.com. the event conflict between the token purchase agreement and this whitepaper, the token purchase agreement governs. this whitepaper not offering document prospectus, and not intended provide the basis any investment decision contract. -month roadmap "rentberry already has product that used thousands. now want millions people from all around the world have the opportunity use it." february new york time (est) end the token sale. finalization and integration blockchain technology application/auction process; release ios and android apps; expansion canada, new zealand, australia, and the uk. offer ability make rent payments berry tokens; establish crowdsourced rental deposit network that offers ability save rental deposits and generate rewards; expansion china, korea, japan, germany and france; file patents other countries. finalize development artificial intelligence algorithms and start offering users our internationally valid tenant and landlord scores; expansion the rest europe and asia; initiation multi-language support. offer api integration local third-party service providers (individual corporate accounts); partnership with local credit bureaus and real estate companies; api integration with all multiple listing services (mls) the start offering ability pay local utility bills berry tokens u.s; via the platform; expansion south america and africa. development blockchain smart lock technology. conclusion are convinced that the long-term rental space the next industry disrupted blockchain technology, and our entire team believes that blockchain and smart contracts will play crucial part this upcoming disruption. rentberry's goal enable both landlords and tenants enjoy fully decentralized rental experience that includes open and transparent application processes, crowdsourced rental deposit networks, instant rent payments, and internationally valid tenant and landlord scores. addition, envision the platform eliminating the need for agents brokers, thereby helping landlords and tenants save millions dollars the long run. the biggest thank you goes the blockchain community. without the impressive foundation that's been built over the last years, wouldn't working our new-generation rental platform today. also want thank everyone who has contributed the creation this whitepaper. our developers, designers, marketing team, and everyone else who not directly mentioned this document. and, course, would like thank our seed round investors who believed our team and entrusted rentberry with million. legal disclaimer the date publication this whitepaper, berry tokens have known potential uses outside the rentberry platform ecosystem and are not permitted sold otherwise traded third-party exchanges. this whitepaper does not constitute advice nor recommendation rentberry, its officers, directors, managers, employees, agents, advisors consultants, any other person any recipient this document the merits the participation the token sale. participation the token sale carries substantial risk and may involve special risks that could lead loss all substantial portion such investment. not participate the token sale unless you are prepared lose the entire amount you allocated purchasing berry tokens. berry tokens should not acquired for speculative investment purposes with the expectation making profit immediate resale. promises future performance value are will made with respect berry tokens, including promise inherent value, promise continuing payments, and guarantee that berry tokens will hold any particular value. unless prospective participants fully understand and accept the nature rentberry and the potential risks inherent berry tokens, they should not participate the token sale. berry tokens are not being structured sold securities. berry tokens are not participation rentberry and berry tokens hold rights rentberry. berry tokens are sold functional good and all proceeds received rentberry may spent freely rentberry, absent any conditions set out this whitepaper. this whitepaper not prospectus disclosure document and not offer sell, nor the solicitation any offer buy any investment financial instrument any jurisdiction and should not treated relied upon one. this whitepaper for information only. written authorisation required for distribution any all parts contained herein. all information here that forward looking speculative nature and may change response numerous outside forces, including technological innovations, regulatory factors, and/or currency fluctuations, including but not limited the market value cryptocurrencies. this whitepaper for information purposes only and subject change. rentberry cannot guarantee the accuracy the statements made conclusions reached this document. rentberry does not make and expressly disclaims all representations and warranties (whether express implied statute otherwise) whatsoever, including but not limited to: any representations warranties relating merchantability, fitness for particular purpose, suitability, wage, title non-infringement; that the contents this document are accurate and free from any errors; and that such contents not infringe any third party rights. rentberry shall have liability for damages any kind arising out the use, reference reliance the contents this document, even advised the possibility such damages. this whitepaper includes references third party data and industry publications. rentberry believes that this industry data accurate and that its estimates and assumptions are reasonable; however, there are assurances the accuracy completeness this data. third party sources generally state the information contained therein has been obtained from sources believed reliable; however, there are assurances the accuracy completeness included information. although the data are believed reliable, rentberry has not independently verified any the data from third party sources referred this whitepaper ascertained the underlying assumptions relied upon such sources. please note that rentberry the process undertaking legal and regulatory analysis the functionality its berry tokens. following the conclusion this analysis, rentberry may decide amend the intended functionality its berry tokens order ensure compliance with any legal regulatory requirements which are subject. the event that rentberry decide amend the intended functionality its berry tokens, rentberry will update the relevant contents this whitepaper and upload the latest version this its website. any berry tokens could impacted regulatory action, including potential restrictions the ownership, use, possession such tokens. regulators other circumstances may demand that the mechanics the berry tokens altered, all part. rentberry may revise mechanics comply with regulatory requirements other governmental business obligations. nevertheless, rentberry believe they have taken all commercially reasonable steps ensure that its planned mechanics are proper and compliance with currently considered regulations. caution regarding forward-looking statements this whitepaper contains forward-looking statements information (collectively "forwardlooking statements") that relate rentberry's current expectations and views future events. some cases, these forward-looking statements can identified words phrases such "may", "will", "expect", "anticipate", "aim", "estimate", "intend", "plan", "seek", "believe", "potential", "continue", "is/are likely to" the negative these terms, other similar expressions intended identify forward-looking statements. rentberry has based these forward-looking statements its current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that believes may affect its financial condition, results operations, business strategy, financial needs, the results the token sale the value price stability the berry tokens. addition statements relating the matters set out here, this whitepaper contains forwardlooking statements related rentberry's proposed operating model. the model speaks its objectives only, and not forecast, projection prediction future results operations. forward-looking statements are based certain assumptions and analysis made rentberry light its experience and perception historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments and other factors believes are appropriate, and are subject risks and uncertainties. although the forward-looking statements contained this whitepaper are based upon what rentberry believes are reasonable assumptions, these risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors could cause rentberry's actual results, performance, achievements, and experience differ materially from its expectations expressed, implied, perceived forward-looking statements. given such risks, prospective participants token sale should not place undue reliance these forward-looking statements. risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited those identified the token sale terms and conditions. these are not definitive list all factors associated with making contribution rentberry, connection with its operations. rentberry undertakes obligation update any forward-looking statement reflect events circumstances after the date this whitepaper. the company's business subject various laws and regulations the countries where operates intends operate. there risk that certain activities the company may deemed violation any such law regulation. penalties for any such potential violation would unknown. additionally, changes applicable laws regulations evolving interpretations existing law could, certain circumstances, result increased compliance costs capital expenditures, which could affect rentberry's profitability, impede rentberry's ability carry the business model and the berry tokens model proposed this whitepaper. source material florida, richard, "the steady rise renting," citylab, retrieved september from https://www.citylab.com/equity///the-rise-of-renting-in-the-us//. eurostat statistics explained, "housing statistics," retrieved september from http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/housing_statistics. msci, "real estate market size msci, inc., retrieved september https://www.msci.com/www/research-paper/real-estate-market-size-/. department public information, "trends international migrant stock: the revision", united nations, retrieved september from http://www.un.org/ sustainabledevelopment/blog///-million-international-migrants-living- abroadworldwide-new-un-statistics-reveal/. joint center for housing studies harvard university, "america's rental housing: expanding options for diverse and growing demand," retrieved september from http://www.jchs.harvard.edu/sites/jchs.harvard.edu/files/ americas_rental_housing__web.pdf. goodman, l., pendall, and zhu, j., "housing and housing finance,"the urban institute, retrieved september from https://www.urban.org/urban-wire/lower-homeownership-rate-new-normal. the global findex database world bank, http://documents.worldbank.org/curated/en//pdf/wps.pdf#page=. global wealth report allianz, https://www.allianz.com/v_/media/economic_research/publications/specials/ en/agwre.pdf. global real estate market outlook cbre https://www.cbre.com/research-and-reports/-global-re-market-outlook. property index overview european residential markets| deloitte, https://www.deloitte.com/content/dam/deloitte/cz/documents/survey/ property_index__en.pdf. emerging trends real estate pwc, https://www.pwc.com/us/en/asset-management/real-estate/emerging-trends-in-realestate.html. real estate expansion lives kpmg, https://assets.kpmg.com/content/dam/kpmg/ie/pdf///ie-real-estate-expansion-liveson.pdf. housing market prospects spring bnp paribas, https://www.realestate.bnpparibas.co.uk/bnppre/en/research/residential-report-spring-p_.html. demographic yearbook population, censuses' datasets united nations present https://unstats.un.org/unsd/demographic/products/dyb/dybcensusdata.htm. principles and recommendations for population and housing censuses revision united nations, https://unstats.un.org/unsd/demographic/sources/census/docs/p&r_rev.pdf. private households household type, measurement, country and year united nations economic commission for europe, http://w.unece.org/pxweb/en/. american housing survey (ahs) conducted the u.s. census bureau https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/ahs.html. estimates the total housing inventory for the united states: and u.s. census bureau https://www.census.gov/housing/hvs/files/annual/annt_.xlsx. vacant for-rent units, selected characteristic for the united states u.s. census bureau https://www.census.gov/housing/hvs/files/annual/annt_.xlsx. china statistical yearbook national bureau statistics china, http://www.stats.gov.cn/tjsj/ndsj//indexch.htm. census india population enumeration http://www.censusindia.gov.in/census/population_enumeration.html. population age group and relationship head household, indonesia, http://sp.bps.go.id/index.php/site/tabel?tid=. deutschland census database federal statistical office germany https://ergebnisse.zensus.de/?locale=en#staticcontent:,gwz___,m,table. population and housing census bangladesh https://web.archive.org/web//http://.../webtestapplication/ userfiles/image/census/bangladesh_glance.pdf. population and household estimates for england and wales office for national statistics, https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/populationandmigration/ populationestimates/bulletins/ censuspopulationandhouseholdestimatesforenglandandwales/--. estimates households and dwellings scotland national records scotland, https://www.nrscotland.gov.uk/statistics-and-data/statistics/statistics-by-theme/households/ household-estimates/. the population and household estimates northern ireland statistics and research agency, https://www.nisra.gov.uk/statistics/-census/results/population-and-household-estimates. censo, national institute statistics and census argentina, https://web.archive.org/web//http://www.censo.indec.gov.ar/ resultadosdefinitivos_totalpais.asp. census, central bureau statistics, nepal, https://sites.google.com/site/nepalcensus/home/preliminary-result-. demographic properties, israel central bureau statistics http://www.cbs.gov.il/reader/?mival=cw_usr_view_shtml&id=. average savings account interest rates for compared across banks https://www.valuepenguin.com/average-savings-account-interest-rates.