draft updated aug repme transparent linking and social recruiting will dominate the global industry. whitepaper www.repme.io (c) all rights reserved repme page repme (rpm) coin repme the brand new "incentivised" endorsement based networking and social media blockchain community. linkedin meets facebook, agency, recruitment agency and talent agency all rolled into autonomous d'app system designed filter and introduce qualified networks engage and cultivate mutually beneficial social and commercial relationships. the problem introverts and extroverts alike, are species that either must engage desire interaction, whether for personal commercial obligatory reasons. unfortunately, have constructed social barriers and gatekeepers, have developed insecurity and lack inclination time. have businesses run, money save and life look after. have trust issues...the business world sick being hit telemarketers and the social realm always think someone approaching has their own agenda....the problem...we have emotions and have limited time. imagine you could remove emotions and time expenditure from the entire process and interact with someone for the very first time with surgical precision about why you should connect and whether not there availability mutual interest? imagine you could find employees through your network and interact directly. imagine you could directly contact employers, business partners, investors, old friends, new friends, anybody? imagine you could get paid and earn living simply from the people you know and network with? page step repme blockchain operated management system taking out all the guess work, emotional obscurity and time sensitivity introductions and networking. why this important? with spending the trillions each year personnel and tech the industry itself date has been very slow introduce optimising software and present state still relative pre legacy market. commissions and costs head hunting and recruitment haven't changed ranging from $-$k and even more for top tier personnel. the obscurity however the fact that while costs and processes haven't changed much, the dynamic the landscape has considerably. standard recruitment and networking success has largely become reliant social networking and qualified referral from peers. linkedin's success date largely due this social trend. instead stranger recruiting agency pitching their client base, it's endorsement recommendation from close peer via social channels. with this very obvious trend, organically taking effect, its strange that company date has been able commercialise global working solution. repme, "represent me" creating dynamic, user friendly portal that turns every person your network into prospect recruiter and pays you btc, eth, rpm tokens simply for the people you know, endorse and recommend. page how does work? simple. using smart contract operated decentralised mobile optimised application, users can simply see through their network, what extended contacts they have. they can then communicate with their own peers via one their peers and incentivise the ability open communication line someone their network. this will powerful tool for business, recruitment, head hunting, opportunities and simply for making friends and dating. they then can either send out group bounty using tokens able connect with the type personnel they need they can precision request introduction with the personnel they wish connect with and incentivise current contacts and strangers endorse the meet. this one the most basic use cases. there are considerably innovative and exciting processes, our platform enable. lets look some the most basic scenarios for alpha version due release boy wants meet girl girl associations away: boy sends heart icon with request for green light proceed through first contact who then forwards second contact who then decides that cool. the heart reaches the girl she decides she wants say hi. entrepreneur wants make business deal sends the proposal gift icon through his contacts try hit the desired contact can incentivise this run with coins. letting every one the chain endorse him and return receiving tokens for the hassle. page marketeer wants reach out celebrity through channels you pay the recipients and they agree make the connection with endorsement. make even better, you can see the celebrities and offer tiered bonuses for people who make the match job offer business owner wants approach prospect employee can simply incentivise his own staff and network providing him army recruiting agents for fraction the cost traditional recruitment methods. gym buddy simply need someone spot you place bulletin the repme map for seeking gym buddy these times per week. other enthusiasts can hit back with fee requests just make contact for free. tennis coach, artist learn the guitar any other hobbie. simple just fire out icon representing the particular field and see who bites. willing pay send out bounty offer for the whole network within your geographic limits. simple right. this the most basic form our new smart d'application. have whole host upgrades turn our native d'app into sophisticated networking tool and will continuously presenting the developments via our open source github depository and via updates our community telegram and twitter. initially work towards the mobile application, the technical system very fundamental explained the below schematic. please note this merely the first version and are keeping light and simple ensure have technical manoeuvrability build the most robust finished product. page changes network ethereum blockchain network deploy smart contracts developers tailored networking d'apps mobile application page write smart contratcs ensure optimal reach and opportunities, user profile will contain valuable personal and professional information. this information owned each individual. the information sensitive have constructed very robust security measures. procedural security measures: all sensitive information encrypted global setting protections two factor authentication facial recognition and finger print identification furthermore, all communication data transmitted through encrypted transport layer security connections. during development take smart contract auditing very seriously. this not just for autonomy and security but also prepares our system make more applicable and flexible the long term. for this endeavour start will using the services quantstamp. internally however perform coding standard validation per standardization and perform code review incorporating black box test methodology before deployment these new dapps. page the primary industries repme positioned disrupt are the following: human resources &amp; recruitment head hunting online dating commercial networking while also creating new platform optimise friend seeking, hobbyist networking and social networking general. are also currently developing innovative online dating app with very simple technical structure that simply plugs right into our primary dapp. offchain personality matching engine reme d'app user user page are already exploring the developmental cost and timeframes for offchain personality matching engine that can communicate with our dapp and the ethereum platform. the potential implications this are huge. offchain matching engine allows the decentralised application operate without the heavy computational power required while maintaining decentralised user account model. basically brings about radical performance benefits without bloating the core application. for succeed need deliver better solution than our centralised incumbents. using the power computer simulating neural networks, are designing new machine learning pattern, habit and facial detection data centre. the first application for the dating functionality better peer users based habits, activities, peers and facial features. the first prototype currently under testing. the reason are starting with dating use the free dating service features way deliver large enough data feed that can start building out solution for applying the head hunting and recruitment solutions. imagine casting auditions, models, actors and the likes with click the button immediately present range options precision suited for certain roles. also believe that this will powerful tool for the future recruitment data suggests, the industry heading this way and employment based the look someone applies many verticals, particularly with front house staffing requirements. this entire project will optimise the process globally. page presentation security user management set preference sequence displays result login/register and confirm identity manage user roles permissions api manager security statistical analysis image user choices image matching, delivering manage user role processing engine search engine user management indexing search according profile persist retrieve external eigen faces get image statistic fisher faces animetrics face external mediator kairos uses google watson page dating, recruiting and the use object detection and facial recognition machine learning algos optimise selections and preferable networks. presentation layer for the initial scope, the presentation layer will web only. presentation (image pro ui) using this web interface user can set preference sequence images upload image tagged and searchable upload img displays results comparing the sequential choice user service layer processing engine this component will perform statistical analysis all uploaded images. collect different statistics from different saas apis. analyse the statistical values derive more statistical results tag the complete statistics against the image. analyse user choices provide images user for sequencing. collect the sequenced result along with their statistics. derive more statistical results from the sequence. tag all the statistic with the profile the user.. page search engine will retrieve statistics the user profile all photographs. compare and generate the matching score. provide the images sequence higher lower matching score volumetric information number total images processed number images for sequencing the user management security requirements all vital personal information remains private until accepted link occurs. basic profiles outline, non private professional details, skillsets, hobbies and general geographic location. tech stuff, check! now whats the business plan? simple connection fees, commissions and permission upgrades. the same way recruiting agents earn commission, will repme, only our commission will /th the cost. the same way elancer and freelancer take fees, will repme, only /th the cost. permission upgrades are payable multiple currencies, then are used bonuses for the community token holders. page what about users? simple users via their profile and when requested provide endorsement open someone's email make contact are offered tokens. the user can also counter offer and request other tokens like btc eth top bonus. for instance advertiser wants open their email highly targeted open for few repme tokens. advertiser wants email back but isn't targeted, request bonus btc. acquaintance wants endorse him investor know and offers repme so. can accept counter. ico wants run bounty with total amount split based tasks reaching certain people know them, can win large amounts the bounty endorsing connecting interested parties. page token for recruiters, organisations, agents and businesses, the repme token access pass greater features. the ability buy your reach, upgrade your profile, boost your job listings, incentivise your network and send digital gifts. the best part for companies with such automation and the use blockchain platforms reduce labour requirements and process friction, that instead companies spending tens thousands and hundreds thousands each year, using the repme token will cost them mere fraction. it's the ultimate utility coin within the repme platform that will become the ultimate recruiting and business networking tool. total tokens: total circulating: non circulating supply will used for growth the platform and incentives for downloads our application. every downloaded app comes complete with rpm tokens. roadmap launch website bounty campaign launch demonstration teaser video exchange listings btc talk thread announcement reddit page launch moderators live twitter marketing campaign page new website upgrade whitepaper with upgraded tech developments branch all data public github new exchange listings launch alpha alpha test application launch data machine test object detection program public alpha facial matching engine special announcement presented github and btc talk launch facebook mainstream marketing campaign launch mainstream marketing campaign youtube launch instagram download app initiative bounty airdrop for every download the app announcement system upgrade more come www.repme.io