repo coin decentralizing the billion auto repossession industry. vehicle repossession just got easier. we're here tell you how. disclamier purchase, ownership, receipt, possession repo tokens carries rights, express implied, other than the right use such tokens means participate, interact transact the decentralized repo coin platform further described this whitepaper, successfully completed and deployed. particular, all participants must understand and accept that repo tokens not represent confer any ownership right stake, share, security, equivalent rights, any right receive future revenue shares, intellectual property rights any other form participation relating repo coin and its corporate affiliates, other than any rights relating the provision and receipt services from repo coin, subject limitations and conditions appearing any other required agreements the repo coin website. the repo tokens are not intended utilized outside the decentralized repo coin platform nor digital currency, security, commodity, any kind financial instrument, and repo coin shall not liable any participant for any decrease value repo tokens any other damages that any participant may incur result using purchasing repo tokens for anything besides their intended use the repo coin platform. (c) repo blockchain llc repo coin executive summary repo coin revolutionary blockchain project focused the auto lending and repossession industry. solution that will result the faster, more efficient recovery assets for auto lenders bringing together large community people assist locating delinquent vehicles, motivated cryptocurrency rewards. with sharp increase new auto loans and delinquent loans over the last five years, financing companies have become overwhelmed with the need for more efficient auto repossession services. despite this growing demand, the auto repossession industry has yet see any meaningful innovation. the cost repossession services steep due the use expensive license plate recognition (lpr) technology, and the exchange information between repossession companies and auto lending companies inefficient, often resulting the lending company having pay extra fees have vehicles stored the repossession company before they are actually recovered. our goal make this process faster, cheaper, and more efficient creating platform and enlisting the help everyday people across the country. achieve this goal are building end-to-end technology solution that will feature website, mobile app and digital wallet all built upon secure platform, using the stellar protocol for token rewards. with the repo coin mobile app, everyone will have the power scan license plates and quickly identify delinquent vehicles, matched against our real-time database delinquent vehicles from lenders across the us. enlisting the participation lending agencies, auto repossession companies, and community users incentivized cryptocurrency, will disrupt and transform the billion dollar auto repossession industry way that has never been seen before. introduction over the past five years the number new auto loans the has seen sharp, steady rise. while the number new home loans has decreased dramatically since due the financial recession and new regulations the mortgage industry, the opposite has been true auto loans, which have increased exponentially since (c) repo blockchain llc repo coin (source: atlas, data from frbny consumer credit panel/equifax) consumers have shifted their interest from buying homes buying vehicles, with the majority buyers seeking finance their auto purchases. approximately one out five these consumers end with subprime auto loan, typically due lack credit worthiness desire purchase vehicles that are beyond their means. (source: atlas, data from frbny consumer credit panel/equifax) this trend, which doesn't appear stopping anytime soon, has created increased need for auto repossession services. unfortunately, the billion repossession industry has not seen significant innovation during this period, and plagued high costs and inefficiencies. (c) repo blockchain llc repo coin market value according experian automotive, outstanding auto loans resulted auto repossession during the first quarter states such nevada, repossession rates were high was forecast that million vehicles the would repossessed, increase approximately units from the year prior, according the manheim used car market report. market impact according the new york federal reserve during the same year, million americans were days behind their auto loan, making them seriously delinquent. these numbers highlight the significant need for technology that can increase efficiency and decrease costs the growing auto repossession industry. our vision believe that bringing auto lenders and repossession companies together one platform, can transform the auto repossession industry. the key our vision will enlisting the help everyday people across the country, creating huge community users dedicated locating delinquent vehicles more quickly than has ever before been possible. our solution will benefit all parties involved, rewarding users with repo tokens that can used purchase goods and services, and making the repossession process more efficient for auto repossession companies, who will longer have locate delinquent vehicles themselves. turn, this will make asset recovery cheaper for lenders, who are experiencing increased need for these services. additionally, repo tokens will used give back the community meaningful way allowing token holders vote for family individual need vehicle, which will then given away repo coin once per month. using blockchain technology and building strong, supportive community users, repo coin aims make positive impact people's lives while also revolutionizing the auto repossession process order meet the demands today's auto lending economy. (c) repo blockchain llc repo coin the problems the current model for the auto repossession industry does not effectively meet the demands auto lenders, which have increased exponentially since the auto repossession industry currently relies expensive, inefficient technology locate delinquent vehicles, which has resulted slow, costly process for lenders who wish recover lost assets. there are also major problems with communication between repossession companies and lenders, which have caused additional delays and costs for the lenders. additionally, not much information available about the auto repossession industry, despite being billion market. because this, has been largely overlooked when comes the kinds major technical advances that banks and lending agencies have seen over the past several years. these are some the problems that seek solve with repo coin. increase delinquent auto loans and lost assets record million americans had outstanding auto loans, according the new york federal reserve. delinquency rates for those loans have also been the rise, with million americans days late their car payments the time the same report. this has been attributed increased consumer spending, which expected continue the coming years, well the rise subprime auto loans, which many americans rely order purchase vehicle the current economy. because this, entities such banks, auto loan companies, used car lots, car dealerships, and car rental agencies all have increasing need for auto repossession services. most these companies outsource this work businesses that specialize the difficult task repossessions, but this comes with its own host problems. (c) repo blockchain llc repo coin expensive license plate recognition technology outsourcing the work repossessions has proven necessary for most auto lenders due the difficult, sometimes dangerous nature this work. however, these services come exorbitant cost. while auto repossessions require the work highly skilled professional, these jobs can completed quickly, many them within minutes arriving the vehicle's location. most the cost auto repossession comes from the use expensive license plate recognition (lpr) technology, which limits the number companies and individuals who are able enter this line work, creating monopolies within the industry for those who can afford and driving prices for the auto lenders who need these services. lpr technology used the auto repossession companies scan license plates while driving around order identify delinquent vehicles. with increased access this kind technology, the hassle and expense that comes from locating delinquent vehicles would greatly reduced, and auto repossession companies could focus solely recovering assets. this would bring down service costs for auto lenders and significantly increase the overall efficiency the repossession process. inefficient communication between lenders and reposssion companies another big problem within the auto repossession industry inefficient communication practices between lenders and repossession companies. for repossession companies, who often have monopoly work their local areas due the high start-up and operating costs using lpr technology, there real benefit communicating efficiently with the lending agencies who hire them. while many these repossession companies are well-meaning, they are also busy with the work locating and recovering vehicles for multiple clients, which can result recovered vehicles being stored the repossession company for days before being returned the lender. these scenarios, the auto lender typically required pay additional fee for the vehicle's storage. additionally, the faster vehicle recovered, the less depreciation and damage may incur, which allows the lender recoup much the bad loan possible. with inefficient communication the entire process asset recovery slowed down, making unnecessarily costly and risky for the lender. (c) repo blockchain llc repo coin the solutions repo coin aims provide revolutionary solution the problems affecting the auto repossession industry, starting giving the general public the ability easily scan license plates and identify delinquent vehicles using our mobile app and the camera their smartphones. our goal decentralize large portion the auto repossession process giving everyday people the power locate lost assets behalf lenders, while leaving the actual work repossession the companies that specialize it. our solution aims significantly lower the cost asset recovery for lenders while increasing the speed and efficiency the repossession process and the exchange information between lenders and auto repossession companies. will streamline the auto repossession process and the exchange information between auto lenders and repossession companies using our platform using technology and computer vision processing that will eliminate the delays and additional fees that often occur result inefficient communication practices, where repossession companies end storing vehicles for some period time before they are returned the lender. our platform will require both parties share important information and status updates real time, preventing auto lenders from having pay extra fees for unwanted vehicle storage and also ensuring that their assets are returned them quickly possible once they have been recovered. (c) repo blockchain llc repo coin repo coin mobile app the repo coin mobile app will provide easy use license plate scanning and recognition technology large community users across the country, entirely free charge. more importantly, our app will reward users with repo tokens direct incentive for helping locate delinquent vehicles, which can then used purchase goods and services our website app, repocoin.io galvanizing everyday people aim exponentially increase the manpower that searching for delinquent vehicles, which will result much faster recovery assets for auto lenders. decentralizing this part the auto repossession process can also eliminate the need for expensive license plate recognition (lpr) technology, which currently the most effective means that repossession companies have locating delinquent vehicles the roads. eliminating lpr will able drastically reduce the cost repossession services for auto lenders, while also increasing the efficiency repossession companies who will longer have seek out delinquent vehicles and can instead focus repossessing and returning assets lenders. partnerships with auto lenders and repossession companies partnering with auto lenders across the country plan create the most comprehensive real-time database existence for determining vehicle delinquent. will also partner with reputable auto repossession companies every town and city the us, instantly notifying them when delinquent vehicle found nearby they can collect and return the lender, who will also notified once has been found, when has successfully been recovered, and when its way back. auto lenders (c) repo blockchain llc repossession companies repo coin advantages repo coin for users users will incentivized with repo tokens rewards for helping lenders locate delinquent vehicles. repo tokens will have variety immediate uses, including: purchasing products from the repo coin website and app (repocoin.io). voting the care program, where repo coin will donate car family individual need. transfering other digital wallets. for auto lenders lenders will able recover lost assets more quickly and lower cost reporting delinquent vehicles repo coin and allowing our community users help locate them. they will then able have trusted repossession company recover the vehicle for them through the repo coin platform, eliminating the need for contracting and negotiating with the repossession company directly. additionally, lenders will able follow the asset recovery process real time, using gps tracking which will allow them see how far the vehicle has traveled and when has arrived its intended destination, leaving less opportunity for the vehicle tampered with degraded before has been returned. (c) repo blockchain llc repo coin for auto repossession companies auto repossession companies will receive increased business allowing our large community users locate delinquent vehicles for them. this will also eliminate the need for them build and maintain relationships directly with multiple auto lenders their area order keep steady flow business. becoming trusted repossession partner with repo coin, repossession companies will instantly notified when delinquent vehicles are located near them, which will also serve eliminate the hassle and expense seeking out delinquent vehicles using traditional lpr technology. for the community can sometimes difficult pay auto loans time, particularly when unexpected life events and expenses get the way. with this mind created the care program, through which repo coin will offering fully paid-off vehicles families individuals need. care will allow the repo coin community choose the recipient the vehicle, using their repo tokens vote based applicant stories and videos. the repo coin ecosystem the repo coin ecosystem will enable lend ers and repossession companies work together more efficiently and with more transparency using our platform. additionally, our ecosystem will allow our community users the opportunity help locate delinquent vehicles with our repo coin mobile app. they will incentivized repo tokens that can stored our digital wallet. repo tokens will also able used purchase goods and services through our website and app. (c) repo blockchain llc repo coin user flow core functionality license plate scanning recognition technology our mobile app will feature license plate scanning and recognition technology. will employ the user's smartphone camera scan license plates and optical character recognition (ocr) automatically detect those characters and parse that information our server. will then match the license plate number against our real-time database delinquent vehicles. (c) repo blockchain llc repo coin gps tracking will use gps tracking technology alert nearby repossession partners when delinquent vehicle has been located. will also send alert the auto lender, who will able track the repossession company's progress returning the vehicle. digital wallet users can store their repo tokens our digital wallet. repo coin marketplace users will able use repo tokens our marketplace purchase goods and services. phase two our project hope allow users purchase services such auto maintenance, roadside assistance, and more. (c) repo blockchain llc repo coin revenue model repo coin repo coin's revenue model will initially centered our partnerships with banks and other auto lenders, who will paying fees based the vehicle they wish recover and the delivery point. funds from that agreement will used pay our repossession company tow truck service partner, and repo coin will keep the margin revenue. plan earn additional revenue phases two and three our project from the products and services offer users, which may include auto repair services, roadside assistance, ridesharing, and more. why stellar? have chosen forgo the more traditional choice ethereum and will instead run the stellar lumens network (xlm). have chosen stellar for few reasons, primarily because fast, reliable, and can support inexpensive transactions for many users. because stellar based consensus algorithm rather than mining, can confirm transactions within few seconds. stellar offers second median settlement time, compared minutes the ethereum network. the simplicity the stellar system, purposely limited for smart contracts, also helps avoid situations where hackers can exploit vulnerabilities and steal tokens. for these reasons, believe that the stellar platform will the ideal choice for repo coin. (c) repo blockchain llc repo coin token distribution repo coin will create million tokens, after which more will created. tokens will stay reserve and will given away over time users who participate license plate scanning, raffles, referrals, etc. will remain company reserves for operating expenses. will allocated the founders the company. token reserves company reserves (c) repo blockchain llc founders repo coin team the repo coin team made innovative minds with proven experience bringing technology projects life, addition years experience the auto repossession industry. fahim aref co-founder ceo fahim blockchain enthusiast and currently focused next generation blockchain-based applications and cryptocurrencies. has over years experience real estate, oil gas, and consumer electronic markets. $mm+ combined transactions (hydrocarbon minerals). co-founder scan halal halal app). also serves the executive director pious projects, non-profit organization based chicago. sana othman co-founder cfo sana started her career the state bank countryside, family owned bank based the midwest region the us, where she was employed for over five years. sana co-founding and managing member numerous energy industry startups, including hydrocarbon minerals, llc. sana has bachelor's degree business administration from robert morris university. abdulwahab omira chief technology officer cto abd robotics and researcher and student stanford university. with years advanced software architecture and team management owner four patents nuclear waste processing, disposal, and solar power systems with developing projects medical and other commercial robotic applications. (c) repo blockchain llc repo coin mohammad majid co-founder cro majid brings years experience the industry. his expertise allows him move with speed and accuracy every phase investigation, recovery, account management and revenue attainment solving complex strategies and execute upon boosting both gross collections and net recoveries the same time. rami affaneh co-op business intelligence rami has years experience working the energy sector well the automotive, and wireless reverse logistics industries currently founding member and vice president operations hydrocarbon minerals. early cyrptocurreny adapter and investor. kamel al-lababidi software engineer team lead kame software engineer specialising fullstack development. experienced with building dynamic web apps and mobile applications with optimal performance. familiar with programming languages like javascript, ruby, python, and modern javascript frameworks like reactjs, vuejs, react native. have passion for engaging/ creating friendly work environment. excellent leadership skills with agile methodology. (c) repo blockchain llc repo coin anas razzaq operations strategist entrepreneur with over years professional experience leading and delivering enterprise and consumer facing products for various startups the technology industry with core competencies product development, market strategy, and streamlining operations. anas has created products that have been used millions people that have acquired large active user base. currently serves founder and ceo scan halal, mobile application revolutionizing the global halal foods industry used millions users through the use its proprietary and innovative technology. muhammad baste enterprise architect baste graduated from depaul university business administration. serves president strada logistics, motor transportation company based chicago. successful serial entrepreneur with over years business operation experience. partnered with smart choice mobile t-mobile retailer, expanded operations from locations locations months. *secured ever loan with bmo harris for mm, for cellular carrier. eric collins sr. corporate banking advisor eric served bank one, and underwriter the large corporate automotive group responsible for overall risk management for portfolio relationships with aggregate credit exposure excess billion. eric has extensive industry knowledge which include capital structure consultation, loan products and syndications, cash management, public debt placement, acquisitions, divestitures, foreign exchange and other banking products. (c) repo blockchain llc repo coin advisors dion kaba auto finance advisor kaba has over years experience automotive finance and vehicle acquisitions. kaba has managed nearly billion auto finance loans and sales. currently the director sales and acquisition for david mcdavid ford. grant gulovsen legal advisor grant attorney with over years' experience with corporate and intellectual property law. grant has been involved the cryptocurrency ecosystem since currently member international blockchain consulting group's blockchain leadership team and regularly advises icos about u.s. securities laws and other corporate matters. (c) repo blockchain llc repo coin conclusion believe that bringing auto lenders and repossession companies together our network can fundamentally transform the billion auto repossession industry. order make this possible aim forge partnerships with lending entities and repossession companies every local area across the us. our goal create the most comprehensive real-time database delinquent vehicles existence, with data provided the lenders our network. with the use all our technologies, will strive make the asset recovery process faster, more transparent, and more efficient, helping auto lenders recoup much their bad debt possible while also preventing them from having pay unnecessary fees repossession companies. also expect grow large community users, motivated cryptocurrency assist locating delinquent vehicles the road faster than has ever before been possible. offering license plate scanning and recognition technology our users via our mobile app hope eliminate the use expensive lpr technology, which currently drives the cost repossession services. galvanizing everyday people across the country will offer wide range individuals the opportunity participate our long-term growth and our success story revolutionizing the auto repossession industry. (c) repo blockchain llc repo coin faq what repo coin? repo coin platform that will streamline business dealings between auto lenders and auto repossession companies. will also have mobile app that allows users assist locating assets that need recovered using our license plate scanning and recognition technology. our users will incentivized cryptocurrency that can used purchase goods and services our online marketplace. what problem does repo coin solve? repo coin solves the multitude problems that affect the billion auto repossession industry, using blockchain technology and large, highly motivated community users reduce the cost and increase the efficiency the asset recovery process. how repo coin different from its competitors? there are currently other platforms looking decentralize the auto repossession space, giving repo coin first-mover advantage. how does the repo protocol work? repo tokens will built top stellar and transactions will approved the basis proof work. what the total supply repo coin? million tokens, and additional tokens will ever created. what will the initial distribution eph tokens? tokens will stay reserve and will given away over time users who participate license plate scanning, raffles, referrals, etc. will remain company reserves for operating expenses. will allocated the founders the company. where repo coin based? our team based chicago and across the us. how can get involved? you can visit our website repocoin.io, find facebook, twitter, linkedin, instagram, reddit, youtube, (c) repo blockchain llc repo coin repo coin bringing the billion auto repossession industry onto the blockchain. repo blockchain llc gould st. ste sheridan, info@repocoin.io