whitepaper request network the future commerce decentralized network for payment requests march contents executive summary the platform the ecosystem the core layer the extensions layer the applications layer use cases invoicing online payments automation jobs: accounting, audit, expenses accounting audit expenses business logic and trade laws: government and tax simplification commercial tools: factoring, escrow transparency institutions iot and smart contracts token incentive for secure ecosystem applications governance independence other currencies technical independence make cross currency exchanges easier roadmap draft team core team architecture technical considerations smart contract architecture thanks bibliography executive summary request decentralized network that allows anyone request payment request invoice)for which the recipient can pay secure way. all the information stored decentralized authentic ledger. this results cheaper, easier, and more secure payments, and allows for wide range automation possibilities. become the backbone world trade, request integrates general ledger (in the accounting sense the term), which is: universal because designed support global transactions, regardless currency, legislation language. request built last. smart because unlike existing standard accounting book, request the origin the exchanges and integrates computerized trade code, well the management multitude payment terms. today, their absence makes the whole system inefficient and absolutely unready for the digital and iot (internet things) revolution that taking place. request can seen layer top ethereum which allows requests for payments that satisfy legal framework.it also possible see currencies tools complete request transactions. this sense, request more global than any currency. the platform anyone can write the request ledger and create request for payment. the request can detected the recipient monitoring the network (via wallet via financial application). the request approved the user, can paid with single click. then the request completed and the network updated. when request created, the trade laws that are applicable its specific case are taken into account, and taxes are applied. when necessary, advanced payment terms may selected. http://gavwood.com/paper.pdf, gavin wood. ethereum: secure decentralised generalised transaction ledger https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/white-paper bob requesting payment from alice lets look examples: bob asks alice for payment, then creates (invoice) request and relays the blockchain; alice's wallet detects the request and processes the payment. the case where bob was amazon and alice was making purchase, amazon creates request the blockchain, alices phone analyzes the blockchain and detects the request, sends notification, and she agrees pay. request offers: security, since not necessary share banking information simplicity, since requires only click button savings, since purchases dont require third party (eg. paypal) representation what the general ledger looks like consider second scenario, which autonomous car connects smart garage contract buy new wheel. they negotiate algorithm, and agree upon payment with deposit and escrow (money blocked until delivery). interact financially, the machines and iot require payment framework. these examples are not feasible today, there standard format and interconnection between the services; necessary either share banking information, use third party that common both entities (paypal, venmo, lydia stripe ...). besides being limited and unsafe, results scattered invoices that could contain errors. the blockchain the perfect support create open source, durable, smart and immutable system. these new foundations simplify electronic flows. today, this incredibly important because everything comes down payment. more than trillion exchanged every day the swift network alone, however, the flows are poorly optimized. this solution has even greater advantages. ledger containing all standardized accounting entries can automate real-time accounting, improve auditing, automate factoring, simplify expense reporting, make escrow simple and reliable, and detect and automatically pay taxes. https://www.fincen.gov/sites/default/files/shared/appendix_d.pdf moreover, opens opportunities for more comprehensive trade improvement. being able manage data privacy makes possible push trade towards more transparency (public expenditure, associations), more fairness (transparency makes possible follow the distribution gains and the origin products; also enhances fair-trade) and more justice (trade rules will more easily aligned and enforced). difficult imagine that the financial world can make any advancements without this layer. the ecosystem many developments will possible top request once the core protocol finished the team. our tech mind map gives full picture the request network and the upcoming roadmap. believe the request ecosystem the key success, and very much would like nurture it. order drive this decentralization forward and help request scale, here introduction the request hub what call request hub the community outside the request foundation that willing work top request, create teams and projects around request, and help with its decentralization. the core layer the bottom layer the core, which manages the consensus over the ledger and the states transitions. consists the most fundamental smart contracts, allowing the creation different entities and requests for payments. also detects when payments have been completed. based immutability (ie. one can change the information), the openness its system (everyone can access information that concerns them) and intelligence that allows know when invoice paid according the rules the invoice. this layer takes place the ethereum blockchain, which brings endogenous benefits for ethereum and erc-labeled invoices, such automatic detection. other currencies are also covered via automatic payment detection through the use oracles. this layer free encourage the greatest number use and discourage the development other systems. the only costs transmitted are the use ethereum gas and the storage information. https://www.mindmeister.com/?t=riofdilv https://www.mindmeister.com/?t=ycucvprn the extensions layer the second layer the extensions layer. most payment requests created today are not basic the one proposed the core layer. the request comes from enterprise, then includes rules for calculating taxes, payment terms, escrows advances. all these conditions take the form available extensions that can added requests. this layer the gateway incredible features that not yet exist, such "continuous bills". for example, someone could choose this module break down their rent into payments the landlord, leaving this person with fluid bank account without large end-of-month expenses. taxes would rerouted real time government agencies. with each payment, vat would taxes and the recipient company. the same example would allow everyone give all payments ngos (non governmental organizations), deposit them into ones own retirement account. this layer chargeable, that each extension will take fee that will partially burned and partially transferred the extension developers, with the extensions accrued the same invoice. costs decrease over time remain competitive and discourage alternative systems. the costs these extensions estimated between and initially, though the system grows, the costs will reduced. more than billion dollars payments are made each day, and the end will enough finance the network less than .%. nonetheless, the costs will continue support the security applications and their development. this layer completely open, whereupon anyone can create their own extensions, with the fees also being distributed way that will interest and encourage the developer and the community. the applications layer the topmost layer the applications layer, which takes place outside the blockchain. systems from different companies can connect request create requests access information. accounting, audit, tax, debt covery and collection, factoring payment systems can all connected. when payment system connects request (mycellium, coinbase, bank america, bankin ...), will able access the invoices the user and propose pay them instantly. the request team will develop applications, including interface and api for creating and accessing requests. reputation application reputation system included this layer guard against phishing bad payers. for instance, user will able detect whether company attempting phishing, the case that other users have previously rejected its payments. conversely, company that does not pay its invoices time, after having accepted them, will also penalized means its reputation. the reputation system may also have other uses; for example, members the network with the best reputation will able receive cost reductions access custom extensions. the reputation could directly entered the blockchain, but keep the system light, have chosen keep them the application layer thus far, since this information can re-obtained browsing the blockchain. use cases the use cases this technology are extremely wide. this system automates real-time global accounting, replaces entire branch the audit, eliminates manual tax collection, simplifies international payments, allows machines communicate the same financial field, replaces payment systems such paypal, and makes the most advanced payment terms available everyone. invoicing billions invoices are shared each year between companies, with most them still being sent paper and email format, which have copied. this results large number errors, particularly when advanced payment tax rules are applied. with request, companies can share these bills directly via the ledger; there will more duplication, accounting systems will immediately plugged and updated. the company awaiting payment will able detect delay immediately, which will happen less often due the development invoice payment systems. the company has the ability pay the optimal date the time receiving the request. each year, thousands small and medium-sized enterprises (smes) bankrupt while waiting for their invoices paid. the ecb (european central bank), particular, setting solutions that request complete adding payment reputation system and key indicators. today, provider still has trust its client and might not paid. tomorrow, the provider will able verify the payers clients reputation and other indicators, such dpo (days payable outstanding) before agreeing contract. online payments for example, shopping amazon requires payment credit/debit card, thereby exposing sensitive information. alternatively, selecting the option pay via request, the users data remain protected. amazon will post request the network, the user's account will detect and request confirmation payment from the user. this will trigger transfer the lowest cost, without exposing the payment information. becomes possible avoid unforeseen credit/debit card payments that services charge hidden way, because provides way validate payments before they happen. request empowers people. the advantages request, compared current systems, are: security: payment information never shared, there risk that someone intercepts and reuses banking information. simplicity: one click pay, and manual input error possible. cost: third-party like paypal bitpay stripe all whom are providers that charge between and the amounts sent. request reduces the cost. automation jobs: accounting, audit, expenses accounting with request, the accounting done automatically and real time. beyond cost reduction, this allows for better, faster financial management, and with more information. use cases for accounting purposes: request brings simultaneity the accounting process. payments, accounting, and vat refunds payments are done automatically. https://www.paypal.com/en/webapps/mpp/paypal-fees https://bitpay.com/pricing https://stripe.com/nl/pricing addition, represents switch from double-entry accounting triple-entry accounting this revolution, expected experts, that raises some questions about the future value external audits. indeed, third validation point added double-entry accounting systems and this where auditors are currently acting for the validation the authenticity accounts. moreover, request allows the digitization accounting systems, where one currently spends time duplicate efforts through repetitive documentation and frequent checks. these manual tasks can now automated. request will transform the role cpa into consulting and support activities. this system leaves more time for value-added tasks, such analysis, estimation and strategy. technically, credit notes, purchase orders, reimbursement, and every accounting concepts will possible request. the system will compatible with the un/edifact standard and able updated the latest standards. audit with request, audits become simple algorithmic check, thanks the immutability the system. comparison, microsoft paid million audit fees deloitte similarly, bank america paid nearly million. total, the biggest companies the united states paid billion audit fees. henceforth, audits will carried out real time let's call them smart audits blockchain auditing solutions ("smart audits") will likely become reliable and inexpensive alternative today's manual audits. request brings significant benefits for improving the efficiency such audits. terms digitization, accounting software, states and companies are still far from optimal. many companies send invoices mail every day, and most them have missing invoices the end each year. yet the rules are clear. the methods and technological support could change everything and substitute the intercompany and inter-subsidiary costly controls, which are carried out ensure the reliability the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/double-entry_bookkeeping_system http://iang.org/papers/triple_entry.htmlhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/momentum_accounting_and_triple-entry_ bookkeeping https://bitcoinmagazine.com/articles/triple-entry-bookkeeping-bitcoin-/ http://fortune.com////microsoft-pays-more-than-apple-for-its-audit-and-why-investors-should-care/ http://economia.icaew.com/features/july-/how-blockchain-will-impact-accountants-and-auditors https://request.network/assets/pdf/request_yellowpaper_smart_audits.pdf accounting statements. the computer consulting industry, the cost the accounting officer's time process invoice between and this amount can added the time necessary for monthly checkings and corrections. the automation the entire system slow. the use blockchain for accounting opportunity simplify compliance, and improves double-entry accounting. double-entry accounting dates back the renaissance, where allowed managers have confidence their own reports. nowadays, justify trust, independent auditors verify the information the major groups process that costly both time and money. the audit firm then becomes trusted third party guaranteeing the veracity the information established the financial statements. however, the auditors maintain responsibility over the companies, which generates mistrust. the auditors work for the managers the companies that mandate them, for the service the third parties who consult the information for free? thus, instead holding internal accounts and publishing them after the annual audit, companies can keep accounts decentralized, confidential and shared database with blockchain technology. all accounting entries are then entered into the register, without the possibility backdating, which means there opportunity for falsification. therefore, would become more difficult make questionable year-end adjustments, and most importantly, the company benefits from this system real time. shareholders and external parties have access real-time information. the cost auditing becomes insignificant, and accounting entries longer require duplicate manual checks. finally, the integrity the financial statements can longer called into question when customers and suppliers are interconnected with this system, least their cryptographic addresses. request distributed registry that acts source confidence, ultimately allowing these "smart audits" real-time. includes all purchases and sales the company. instead having double-entry accounts, where the information regarding purchase appears the purchase account and the bank account separately, one can see within the blockchain purchase account, linked the supplier, linked the http://ww.cfo.com/expense-management///metric-month-accounts-payable-process-cost/, //, mary driscoll payment, and linked the bank account. traceable, immutable, and authentic. request proves the integrity archived electronic records. gateway the trade the future. expenses with request, expense reports are easily shared between employees and businesses, without getting lost altered. system expense management will allow employees select and send, real time, their professional expenses their manager, who can accept and refund them when ready. business logic and trade laws: government and tax governments requiring companies report all transactions could again creating errors and duplications. request allows governments specifically view the real-time transactions that they have access to. furthermore, the development module levy vat, or, for example, transatlantic tax, will redirect the money automatically. whether one pro-government not, the possibility, for the first time, simplify and make transparent the levies taxes real improvement. blockchain technology allows government agencies have the ability detect financial instabilities, fraud, money laundering and financial crime advance, and operate based these observations. the government's scientific wing has recently identified number ways that the blockchain can "revolutionize citizen-state relations." for example: helping the government collect taxes and distribute aid. simplification commercial tools: factoring, escrow request will allow easy access tools like escrow factoring for businesses and individuals. allowing click choose pay only upon delivery product service, for example, secure the deposit apartment escrow, rather than crediting the account the landlord. simple and above all lower cost. indeed, escrow can automated and based oracles. for factoring, companies will able use the best system credit scoring that exists: the "on chain" reputation assigning unique fingerprint every invoice and publishing them the blockchain, double invoicing are avoided because invoice can coded the blockchain only once. smart contract will then allow such companies cancel existing request replace with factoring requests. transparency institutions budget transparency for institutions (governments, city halls, associations) the agenda the oecd and the world bank which helps: accountability: clarity how the funds are spent necessary that public representatives and officials can accountable for effectiveness and efficiency. integrity: sunlight the best policy for preventing corruption and maintaining high standards integrity the use public funds. inclusiveness: transparency invites for informed and inclusive debate about the budget policy impacts. trust: are the era open source projects and collaboration, transparency fosters trust society where peoples opinions and interests are respected and where public money used appropriately. quality: budget review, code review, allows detect waste, misuse and gives insights how improve the outcome for more responsivity and impact. request proposes framework which allows these institutions adopt transparency conveniently, publish their account real time and anyone audit and use these data. the framework gains popularity, more tools will developed and, for example, give dashboard our city expenses. this transparency can applied other industries and can help identify the origin some products and they are issued from short food circuit. iot and smart contracts exciting challenge the coming years will surely imagine how objects, machines and artificial intelligences will interact with each others, and how they will automatically negotiate and define payment terms. they will need payment framework which specifies the payment and help define the reasons and conditions the transaction. one can imagine self-contained car order new wheel virtual garage, make down payment and pay the remaining only delivery. token while built the blockchain ledger ethereum, request aims independent from other currencies, monetary policies, technological choices that build the most robust system possible. believe this the key evolve through time with growing community and develop ecosystem around our framework where more dapp (decentralized applications) are created. incentive for secure ecosystem applications req tokens are erc tokens which are necessary participate the network, create advanced requests and reward various parties who will help build the request ecosystem. when using the network, the participants will need pay network fee req which will burned. the fees will adjusted the request network operators depending the decreasing supply req and the exchange rate with the different currencies authorized the network. example, request the beginning the system might burned req out the total supply req. later, after the system has been used for while, request might burn .req out total supply req. the network will have built system reward platforms top the protocol who decide charge req fee. this way favorize the creation entire financial open platform. the costs expect the platform are the transaction. these costs will then decrease when the volume the network increases order remain competitive and avoid incentivizing the development alternatives. with the global market transiting more than billion day, minimal fees will become ample when the platform grows larger scale. governance have strong desire build request system that lasts tens even hundreds years. system that can not only used historians see what commerce looked like the century, but also system that will take into the future, with the power and structure used when artificial machines and intelligence will account for the majority transactions. for this reason, request will have remain flexible and scalable, this being one the major challenges decentralized systems (as can see with bitcoin segwit, the ethereum management ice age ...). wish separate the governance our community from the one ethereum and avoid sub-governance that would allow every ethereum token holders decide the future this community the req token will bring the community together and allow for discussions and votes future decisions. the community will board and will create the necessary tools for this administration: voting system, but also probably chat system restricted only members this board. independence other currencies request agnostic terms currency. are creating system that should not dependent the monetary policy another currency. request should independent possible from eth inflation deflation. the ethereum roadmap supports our direction, highly likely that miners stakers will able upgrade casper accept other erc tokens gas, which will great simplification. this independence will eventually allow request hard fork new system with new technology keeping the same token holders ecosystem. technical independence the process scaling the request network, there strong probability that will use solution such the plasma chains. these solutions, specific token help incentivize the avoidance byzantine states and maximize security. the token used pos (proof stake) and stakers are disincentivized against byzantine behaviors faults that would cause loss value the token. using token the most flexible and independent way conceptualize system that will need consensus and security evolve the long term make cross currency exchanges easier will propose model where loops invoices can identified automatically the system and settled without requiring fund shift. for example, alice owes money bob who owes money charlie who himself receives request for payment from alice, the system can offer compensation for these bills and the req will settle offsetting differences. roadmap draft request pyramid: -release final draft white paper -launch the request network website https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf, satoshi nakamoto https://medium.com/@fehrsam/scaling-ethereum-to-billions-of-users-fdfdb, http://www.scs.stanford.edu/au-csb/labs/projects/copeland_zhong.pdf, hongxia zhong http://plasma.io/plasma.pdf //, fred ehrsam christopher copeland and request colossus: -token launch -first version request working with ethereum test net -deploy the website create/visualize and interact with requests -add request management accounting concepts such refund, credit note and purchase orders -release the api create/read/update requests -release technical papers about architecture, upgrades and accounting implementation request great wall: -first version request working with ethereum main net -deploy management crypto-currencies request (erc tokens) -proof concept request core working with bitcoin oracle -work partnerships with accounting, payment and audit firms -launch the pay with request project: online button which offers alternative the traditional pay with paypal and pay with credit card -outside audits the request contracts request stonehenge: -poc scaling request through plasma chain with pos. request will have handle heavy load transactions -poc increased request privacy using zksnarks -add management fiat-currencies request (usd, eur, cny) -launch the request and transparency project. will work with city halls, associations and governments publish real time information their budget -organize discussion groups around payment requests with institutions such worldbank/imf/ecb and the request colosseum -deploy the escrow extension allow the release funds upon delivery upon satisfaction other conditions -deploy the tax extension automatically pay taxes real time -deploy the down payment extension specify amount pay and specific date which process -deploy the late fees extension specify penalties business not paid time -add reputation offchain layer request petra and after -deploy the governance system (vote/token chat) -launch the "internet things framework" project -deploy inter-currency settlement through req facilitate international payments -launch the continuous payment extension which will act down payment with infinity micro payments team core team our team our strongest asset for the request project. all its members have worked together the past, for terms ranging from months years. are doers. our experiences finance, blockchain and entrepreneurship are combined rethink the international trade organization tomorrow. https://medium.com/@vitalikbuterin/zk-snarks-under-the-hood-baf, vitalik buterin who are we? name but few the roles held our team, have practiced as: financial director, manager, financial auditor, accountant, management controller, treasurer, data analyst, front end developer, back end developer, lead developer, and blockchain developer. these roles have spanned industries including consultancy, finance, pharmaceutical, music, research, and fintech. think blockchain, fintech and finance terms, and believe that there are far more transparent and healthy alternatives the way that banks operate today. our experience the ing bank accelerator amsterdam, the lisbon challenge portugal and the ycombinator silicon valley, well our personal experiences china, the united states, switzerland and mexico, all reflect our international ethos and way thinking. believe the freedom move, work remotely, and work freely, not only for individuals and businesses, but also for machines, money and information. why request? the first quarter the team participated the ycombinator san francisco. the many exchanges that had with the biggest startups tomorrow and the best investors silicon valley confirmed the idea that the blockchain the best means which build the foundation for international trade. where today's services are struggling solve the problems banks and administrations, the blockchain brings solution the source. with request, the issue local and international payments becomes almost non-existent, being streamlined and automated. when did start? the team working the construction international transfer network based bitcoin, moneytis, which gradually grows into more global payment network that aggregates money transfer solutions and allows monthly transfers several million dollars. from the team developed destinesia.io, theblockchainnetwork.com, neomy.io and moneytis.com. our research the scalability and liquidity blockchain solution for money transfers was fruitful when learned more from users, companies, freelancers and individuals. presentation the members the team: etienne tatur, cto etienne "blockchain enthusiast" who graduated from the french engineering school insa lyon. hosted christophe amaris april geneva (switzerland), where was lead developer and manager projects. was there that shared his passions for the blockchain, before becoming cto. after his experience qobuz (music startup), created his first blockchain project "snapsoko", later renamed the blockchain network, and which was integrated into the moneytis project. also the manufacturer the messenger bot neomy.io. has lectured the links between blockchain and money transfers miami for the international money transfer conference, and paris for blockchain france and visa europe. our blockchain expert interested new technologies, photography and climbing. member chaintech. thinks the blockchain will change the world. christophe lassuyt, cfo christophe lassuyt has experience financial manager internationally, across north america, europe and asia. after graduating from business school (neoma business school), began computer management controller, before becoming international financial director amaris and virtua. current member the mangrove movement. believes that working and traveling the same time highly effective. when started cfo, christophe personally carried out all the business lines for subsidiary amaris munich, germany, which included customer accounting; supplier accounting; treasury; internal audit; relations with external auditors; monitoring tax audits; management control, and on. his knowledge includes the processing times invoice, and factoring issues, and his main accomplishment have automated these trades the companies where worked, with ratio one person finance for employees. most concerned about problems associated with the payment bills. for example, let assume that secretary receives invoice email, which validated manager, and then sent the accountant. the accountant must inform into software program, before managing payment, which must also validated manager. this process unnecessarily long, whereas tomorrow, with request, could receive that same invoice via smartphone, and perform single click yes for the payment take place automatically the due date. vincent rolland, back-end engineer, solidity developer vincent graduated from the prestigious french insa lyon school with background research and worked for the cnrs association with stanford university. has also worked collaborative science projects the natural history museum paris. after this, joined moneytis the blockchain network project for international money transfers, and has also improved the neomy.io project from research and development point view making autonomous. vincent strives bring transparency and values the projects works on. request ultimate opportunity give transparency global level. elliott denis, full stack engineer elliott full-stack developer with experiences consulting and fintech. works write clean, elegant and effective code integrating state-of-the-art web technologies. discovered ethereum for the first time and has since never ceased trying imagine the full breadth its applications. first with moneytis and then with the request project, believes can bring simplicity and transparency the world tomorrow's trade. laura girod, financial controller and data analyst graduate icn business school, laura played the roles internal auditor, financial controller, data analyst, and even customer support. she has mastered the accounting and auditing ecosystem, and spent several years international startup switzerland and asia, before joining moneytis december thanks her qualities statistics and modeling, she created the sympathetic algorithm neomy.io. julien devoir, cmo hipster julien has extensive experience growth marketing and graphic design. participated the ycombinator moneytis. one the first members the mangrove movement. julien trained himself digital marketing and new technologies. his passion for the internet motivated him become growth hacker virtua (switzerland) and molotov.tv (france). according julien, working and traveling simultaneously increases productivity. considers that one also learns professionally while traveling and has promoted this co-founding the life project destinesia.io architecture will soon release yellow paper detailing the technical specifications. this paragraph aims give some hints about the challenge face and the architecture chose. request protocol service which large number applications are based, which aims fully serverless, open source and decentralized. achieve this goal, made the decision build request ethereum technology. ethereum: ethereum allows the execution smart contracts decentralized way the evm, which allows request decentralized and serverless. request smart contracts are developed under solidity. request uses ethereum create invoices and automatically detect their payment. swarm and filecoin: swarm and filecoin allow document storage decentralized distributed network. filecoin will store the heaviest information invoices and swarm the ones that must accessed the fastest way, such some meta data. technical considerations privacy policy managing confidentiality and privacy ethereum one the challenges and priorities the ethereum protocol. the use zksnarks (zero knowledge succinct non-interactive arguments knowledge) answers this problem. zksnarks part the ethereum roadmap but will not immediate. until the release zksnarks similar solution, will work paths: -allowing public requests -introducing the concept basic requests. request type that will not smart contract but encrypted hash filecoin -plasma chain. plasma chain will allow zksnarks and are following closely the omise work them -eventually temporary sidechain using quorum and private transactions connected the public one through system such polkadot scalability scalability also another challenge facing blockchains, and there doubt that want support very large number transactions. the fact that can manage multiple currencies will make the number request transactions grow faster than the number ethereum transactions. this why some innovations the ethereum roadmap will important for request, such sharding sharding has still long way go, result will develop on: -offloading the maximum off chain plasma state-channels -basic requests for small amounts, which wont smart contracts, aggregated filecoin and swarm https://github.com/ethersphere/swarm, //, protocol labs https://blog.ethereum.org////zksnarks-in-a-nutshell/, //, christian reitwiessner https://github.com/jpmorganchase/quorum-docs/blob/master/quorum%whitepaper%v..pdf, https://github.com/wf/polkadot-white-paper/, //, dr. gavin wood https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/sharding-faq, vitalik buterin. ethereum sharding faq https://raiden.network/, raiden. raiden network https://filecoin.io/filecoin.pdf, smart contract architecture high level view the smart contracts. the core registering all the requests, and administrable which allows update and pause. there only one core, the core can allow subcontracts manage each currency. each subcontract manages the creation and interaction with the request for specific currency. some subcontracts are synchronous, while other interact with oracle (for fiat currencies for example) here are details currency subcontract. the subcontract interacts with different extensions which can chosen the creator the request. thanks would like thank the following reviewers, whose contributions and feedback made this document possible helped through different parts the project: nadja bene gnosis antoine grebert quandoo yoann marion amaris andria antoniou phd pig pierre laurent blockchain enthusiast christopher barry bibliography http://gavwood.com/paper.pdf, gavin wood. ethereum: secure decentralised generalised transaction ledger https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/white-paper https://www.fincen.gov/sites/default/files/shared/appendix_d.pdf https://ipfs.io/ipfs/qmxoypizjwwknfijnklwhcnlvedxjqkddpmxwouco/wiki/double-entry_ bookkeeping_system.html, http://iang.org/papers/triple_entry.html, ian grigg http://ww.cfo.com/expense-management///metric-month-accounts-payable-process-cost/, //, mary driscoll https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf, satoshi nakamoto https://medium.com/@fehrsam/scaling-ethereum-to-billions-of-users-fdfdb, //, fred ehrsam http://www.scs.stanford.edu/au-csb/labs/projects/copeland_zhong.pdf, christopher copeland and hongxia zhong https://medium.com/@vitalikbuterin/zk-snarks-under-the-hood-baf,, vitalik buterin https://github.com/ethersphere/swarm, https://filecoin.io/filecoin.pdf, //, protocol labs https://blog.ethereum.org////zksnarks-in-a-nutshell, //, christian reitwiessner https://github.com/jpmorganchase/quorum-docs/blob/master/quorum%whitepaper%v.. pdf, https://github.com/wf/polkadot-white-paper/, //, dr. gavin wood https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/sharding-faq https://raiden.network/