table contents contents executive summary overview restart energy franchise (red-f) accomplishments date restart energy team contributors executive team ambassadors advisors the challenge our solution how electricity traded now current system new system: restart energy democracy platform (red-p) size the market energy markets regulations the problem detail monopolistic players inefficient operating environment and trading platforms details the solution amazon energy restart energy democracy platform (red-p) decentralized energy trading platform virtual balancing elements the red-p ecosystem industry analysis global perspective local perspective competition why blockchain how blockchain works advantages blockchain technology blockchain smart contracts the red platform design promotion strategy and market traction token model mwat: real utility from energy provider token red loyalty system tge (token generation event) structure token price bonus acceptable cryptocurrencies for mwat token sale token distribution use and lockup team tokens (%) token distribution and secondary markets token contract address unsold tokens use funds token economics roadmap upstream integration restart energy democracy platform development red platform expansion plan financial overview red business plan media coverage faq disclaimer risks and disclosures this whitepaper and the information provided www.restartenergy.io website and any terms and conditions published restart energy democracy srl not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment any jurisdiction. the mwat tokens are digital cryptographic utility tokens based erc that provide access the red platform software. the mwat tokens are not intended constitute securities and/or collective investment units any jurisdiction. you decide contribute mwat development, please note that your contribution mwat does not involve the exchange cryptocurrencies for any form securities, investment units and/or form ordinary shares mwat any other company, mwat token holder does not receive any form dividend other revenue right that guaranteed participates profit sharing scheme. due legal and regulatory uncertainty the united states america, the citizens and green card holders and persons residing the united states america are not allowed provide contributions and obtain mwat tokens. citizens and green card holders and persons residing the united states america that participate the fundraiser providing false information about their citizenship, residency place and nationality will breach restart energy democracy srl terms and conditions and would entitle restart energy democracy srl request such persons compensate any damages and/or losses suffered due this violation. the whitepaper, information provided restart energy democracy srl web page and any restart energy democracy srl terms and conditions published restart energy democracy srl any part thereof and any copy thereof must not taken transmitted any country where distribution dissemination this documents/information prohibited restricted. this whitepaper private placement memorandum, and has not been approved any person, including any authorized person authority. this information whitepaper does not constitute prospectus per the regulations and has not been approved authorized person within the meaning law filed with any national authority. please read the section this information whitepaper named "disclosures risk factors" for discussion certain risks and other factors which should considered prior any purchase tokens. all recipients agree that they will use this information for the sole purpose evaluating possible purchase tokens, and acknowledge and agree that this information not prospect that contains all information contributor may require order form contribution decision. this whitepaper shall interpreted accordance with the english language version hereof, any translated version into any other language than english, than the english version will control and prevail any question interpretation otherwise. executive sum ary overview from the same company that developed the only retail energy franchise the european union: "the first crypto token that enables users send and receive energy worldwide" restart energy, independent european union electricity and gas supply company with million usd current annual revenue that developed the first energy retail franchise building global decentralized and delocalized electrical energy supply platform and ecosystem. restart energy the fastest growing private energy and gas provider operating country (romania), offering innovative online and customer-centric service with greater transparency. the current customer base (december restart energy includes over smes and multinational companies for energy, gas and fuel packages; and over household customers for energy and gas. restart energy the first energy supplier europe accept energy invoice payments bitcoin (september company key numbers revenues million usd (>% growth from revenues estimated for million usd (+%) and revenue forecast for million usd (+%) customers households companies) payment locations romania energy franchises sold business partners romania monthly growth rate over strong partners: patres rosenc gothaer euro gsm inter broker grs amvv restart energy has been ranked the number one independent supplier the deregulated household gas market and number two the deregulated energy household market romania. restart energy democracy (red): red megawatt tokens restart energy democracy (red) will issue its own digital cryptocurrency called mwat token crowdsale million usd. each mwat will cost equivalent usd eth the red megawatt (mwat) tokens are erc utility tokens that give access the red platform software and the red franchise. red platform the red platform software blockchain based decentralized energy trading platform peer peer direct energy trading between consumers and energy producers awards green certificates consumers using renewable energy red franchise the red franchise the first power retail franchise that makes simple and easy start and operate your own power utility company. allows token holders develop their own power retail business and earn revenues selling energy retail households and business consumers this summary and should read introduction the whitepaper; any decision perform any transaction should based consideration the whitepaper whole; liability shall attach any person, the basis the summary, including any translation thereof. restart energy building global energy supply platform using blockchain protocol democratize sector burdened bureaucracy and transaction costs, freeing capital, saving consumers money, helping local small producers earn more and allowing real peer peer direct energy trading using existing infrastructure. energy demand globally expected nearly double with finite resources and the commitment the sdgs, nations must innovate generate power socially, economically, and environmentally sustainable manner. the european union member states and the united states have begun piloting reforms through energy market deregulation, allowing private companies operate the power retail sector. countries across asia such japan, south korea, taiwan, malaysia, thailand, philippines and singapore have opted for market deregulation bid create sustainability while china and india are slated follow from our vision envision vibrant, sustainable world where affordable energy created and consumed anyone anywhere. our mission our mission become the leading global energy supplier, innovating and democratizing the sector. our goals restart energy committed achieving the following goals: raise million usd, order finish red development and expand globally expand energy retail business franchising more than countries with deregulated markets, representing percent the world's energy consumption through restart energy democracy platform (red-p) red-p software platform for global decentralized energy supply. consumers and producers register use the red-p gain access global energy supply; intelligent wifi meters; watt prediction software; peer-to-peer (pp) energy exchange; potential earn green certificates. innovative features red-p include: any registered user can buy sell from any other registered user some consumers are also generators (e.g. wind/solar) large power stations (gas, coal, nuclear) are being replaced with thousands consumer-generators (prosumers). pp: all parties our ecosystem are able trade directly with each other. consumers will awarded with red-standard green certificates for using renewable energy. with the new platform, anticipate energy companies adapt the new economy. energy companies will start take payment energy bills tokens there will market for those tokens. finally, red-p will increase competition the electricity market. for instance, with our model, consumers will able "auto-switch" their energy supplier every days. the system will tender consumer contracts every days seamlessly, ensuring more competitive marketplace and truly market-reflective prices. red megawatt token's utility (mwat) the red megawatt (mwat) tokens are erc utility tokens that give access the red platform software and the red franchise. the red platform blockchain based decentralized energy trading platform that makes possible for energy consumers, prosumers, and producers send and receive energy, worldwide. the tokenized energy traded the red platform can physically delivered local rates countries with deregulated energy markets where restart energy will present directly through its franchises. the red franchise the first power retail franchise that makes simple and easy start and operate your own power utility company. mwat the first token backed real opportunity. each mwat allows users buy sell tokens per month, the red platform software.kw tokens (kwt) are tradable exclusively the platform and can hold virtual energy charge. here restart energy believe giving back the community and such, have devised the red loyalty system; through which producers transfer platform-exclusive kwt mwat holders for registering and keeping mwat tokens the red-platform. through the red loyalty system, energy producers shall provide each mwat that registers the platform with initial and one-time charge kwt, once registration complete. more in-depth details about token mechanics can found page token acquisition/usage how obtain mwat tokens purchasing the token generation event (tge) purchasing from exchange after the tge hold and utilizemwat tokens order access the red platform software (red-p) buy consume energy from producers red-p sell energy other users the red-p obtain restart energy franchise gain access the red loyalty system access the red platform will granted only mwat token holders. restart energy franchise (red-f) restart energy developed the first franchise the european union energy market that easily allows any person own power retail business and earn revenues selling energy gas retail consumers. owning sufficient mwat tokens grants the holder access the red franchises and the income from selling energy supply contracts. the following numbers are for type franchises brokers/resellers (this not fee the tokens only need held account): mwat red city franchise allows the token holder broker energy sales their city choice within their country residence. mwat red regional franchise allows the token holder broker energy sales entire region their country residence. mwat red country franchise allows the token holder broker energy sales their entire country residence. ~,, mwat red master franchise gives the token holder country exclusivity regarding the brokering energy sales and the option create sub-franchises inside their country residence (can more less than ,,mwat, depending country population). franchise model restart energy franchise model detail bringing you red would you buy mcdonald's franchise now you had the chance? introducing the red franchise the first secure your retail energy franchise your country and resell other private suppliers companies after the token generation event (tge). move forward, and have already successfully done the past, will focus our efforts growing our franchise network this time global scale. every franchise needs own certain number mwat tokens operate this not payment restart energy; full functionality for mwat tokens applies. you're interested entering the energy sector, then restart energy's franchise program unique opportunity become personally involved our mission re-invent the way energy bought, sold, and traded globally through the red ecosystem global, privatized, decentralized energy supply platform. what the red franchise? the red franchise (red-f) exclusive business opportunity available mwat token holders. innovative, tested, and working idea that already being used within the european union. allowing mwat holders create and run their own energy retail business, are merging decentralization blockchain technology with free market principles. red franchise types tiers there are two franchise models that exist within the red ecosystem: type franchise owner power retail company only one per country and represents restart energy within that country. type franchise, restart energy would work together with the franchisee help set-up his own power retail company, and the franchisee would the one enter into new market and establish his business. the franchisee would take all risk and expenses create market, and restart energy would provide technical, infrastructural, process automation, marketing and sales support. the franchisee would need provide the financial and management capacity for setting his power retail company. type franchise owners will receive the following: assistance for creation operation own power retail company right use restart energy's brand and business model including software and franchise infrastructure control over revenues technical training for all staff and employees marketing and branding package country promotion for the months leading and after launch, paid for restart energy, order promote the red ecosystem and franchise business access complete energy supply crm software with process automation access restart energy specialized personnel and management assist and fully support the franchise and its owners energy gas trading, balancing and forecasting technical support pros: higher profits ownership power retail company cross selling existing customer database high process automation deal with large numbers low volume consumers with high margins unique selling points and ecosystem flexible products and services cons: higher capital requirements; franchisee takes the risk expansion new markets type franchise token requirement country addition holding the required amount mwat tokens, type franchise owners also have meet restart energy minimum capital requirements and pass business conduct and reputation due diligence. the tokens required not represent payment and retain the full functionality mwat tokens. please see the below table for country minimum token requirements. type franchise token requirement country franchise region no. country population type deregulated market min tokens europe austria belgium bulgaria croatia cyprus czech republic denmark estonia finland france germany greece hungary ireland italy latvia lithuania luxembourg malta netherlands poland america asia-pacific portugal romania slovakia slovenia spain sweden united kingdom iceland liechtenstein norway switzerland montenegro macedonia albania serbia turkey bosnia and herzegovina kosovo moldova ukraine armenia azerbaijan georgia canada australia new zealand japan south korea singapore thailand africa vietnam mongolia russia india ,,, indonesia taiwan brazil china ,,, philippines south africa total ,,, ,,* source: eurostat, oecd, world energy council deregulated energy market monopolistic energy market (not deregulated) partially deregulated energy market advanced the process completing deregulation restart energy reserves the right lower the required amount tokens franchises need hold, the percentage mwat locked franchise accounts becomes too high and hampers smooth platform operations. type reseller broker only master franchise tier exclusive. restart energy would the one enter into new market and establish the company. the company would take all risks and expenses create market, and the franchise owner would simply act retailer broker with our full support. master franchise owner would receive: right create and sell sub-franchises part revenues from all sub-franchises comprehensive franchise kit, detailing all relevant information for the target market, modeled after our already successful franchise kits provided european partners. training for all staff and employees marketing and branding local promotion for the months leading and after the launch, paid for restart energy promote the red ecosystem and franchise business access the agent module, offering the ability add new franchises, see energy consumption and manage clients access the front desk module red crm access restart energy management, from where can assist and fully support the franchise and its owners master tier reseller/broker, you would entitled percentage all revenues made all other franchises the target country (typically %),plus the revenues generated from direct sales, the form signing premium plus passive consumption commission. pros: very low risk, restart energy takes cost expansion cons: lower margin compared full franchise ownership type franchise tiers owning certain number mwat grants holders access one four type franchise tiers and the income from reselling energy contracts. important note that only required that franchise owner hold certain amount tokens. not form payment restart energy. mwat red city franchise -allows the token holder broker energy sales their city choice, within their country residence. multiple city franchises can operate within the same city and will coordinated restart energy the type franchise that operates within that country. mwat red regional franchise allows the token holder broker energy sales entire region their country residence. same with city franchises, multiple regional franchises can coexist. mwat red country franchise allows token holders sell energy their entire country residence. per the previous tiers, multiple country franchises can coexist. +,, mwat red master franchise gives the token holders exclusive rights their country residence and the option create sub-franchises inside meaning there can only one master franchise per country. the amount dependent the country's population. type franchises require either type franchise restart energy itself present the country order resell their energy supply packages. type franchise this franchise especially designed for companies that want develop renewable energy projects and services, where red offers access its red platform engineering support and business plan for the development renewable energy systems countries states that support green energy. the token requirement for type franchise the same that for type master franchise. type franchises will have access the red decentralized marketplace for selling their renewable energy products and services red users globally and the red crowdfunding module for financing their new renewable developments the blockchain. existing franchise partners mentioned above, restart energy already using the franchise model proposed our whitepaper. big part the company's success date has been based its ability successfully develop multi-channel sales strategy, quickly identifying market opportunities and leveraging local resources, such microentrepreneurs, through the first retail energy franchise the european union. current non-blockchain model the success franchise owner our success well. work hard ensure all franchises are fully supported via multiple sales channels for energy retail. example, romania, are leveraging multiple sales channels for the supply energy and gas with the following efforts: local distribution partners who acquire franchise and sell energy their longstanding customers. this strategy has proven very successful far and will major contribution our global expansion plans. formation local teams around our best local franchise partners.( agents employed franchisee's) our own sales force that currently includes: national sales manager, logistics manager, -person contracting department, regional sales managers, sales agents (commission-based). partnerships with national companies like euro gsm (largest orange telecom dealer), inter broker (rd largest insurance broker), grs (largest auto insurance broker), cashback world (largest cash-back shopping network), romanian post country locations), tvsat (largest regional media telecom company), romanian war veterans organization, etc. fig. romanian franchise coverage becoming franchise owner with successful franchise model already place, restart energy well equipped help all individuals and companies transition the retail energy sector. restart energy supports you providing marketing and brand identity materials, courses designed train specialized personnel for our franchise partners, local promotion media channels, access franchise/agent and front desk modules, the restart portal, the marketing, social media and web platforms, and the option installing smart wireless meters for clients contracted the franchised entity, based their contractual terms. note: the franchised entities must agree meet energy retail targets for the first year operation. restart energy will work with clients ensure targets are manageable and reasonable. key benefits: power retail business shell cheaper renewable energy gas households cheaper renewable energy gas businesses access red ecosystem and franchisee's access complete energy supply crm software with process automation access restart energy specialized personnel and management assist and fully support the franchise and its owners energy gas trading, balancing and forecasting technical support marketing and branding packages energy efficiency products and services renewable energy products and services mobile app's access access energy exchange the red platform detailed company overview restart energy the fastest growing energy and gas provider operating eu-regulated environment romania offering innovative and customer-centric service with greater transparency. facts: operated eu-regulated environment the fastest growing economy europe customers base households and companies) million usd revenue commercial locations franchise business partners payment points customized technology unique the energy sector offering renewable energy supply job-creating, micro-entrepreneurship sales model restart energy has the highest customer satisfaction rate among energy providers and was voted the supplier with the most responsive customer care the users the 'energy platform'. restart energy the first energy supplier europe accept energy invoice payments bitcoin. since its inception restart energy has had remarkable market traction coupled with exponential growth. achieved sales growth compared reached revenues million usd eu-regulated environment, and forecast revenues million usd restart energy offers -hour support through telephone and multiple online platforms: facebook messenger, mobile app, facebook bot and whatsapp. facebook customer rating score out evaluations highest score among energy companies. restart energy expected grow reaching million usd revenues and anticipates growth with forecast excess million usd for due its spectacular growth, restart energy was awarded the "exponential growth award" from the renewable energy cluster, rosenc and was voted having the fastest response time the users the "energy platform" romania. restart energy offers integrated energy, gas, and fuel packages households, smes, and multinational companies helping them effortlessly achieve greater savings all forms energy consumed. purchases renewable energy directly from solar, wind and hydro producers providing them bankable energy and green certificates with offtake agreements. enables its user switch suppliers through its mobile app within minutes. focuses eliminating bureaucracy all activities its value chain. customers can opt for renewable energy consumption. restart energy's online portal and mobile app has helped users towards easier fuel management and savings with the highest level transparency. restart energy currently employs more than people directly its head offices timisoara, and bucharest, and over indirectly through business franchise partners the commercial locations where sells energy and gas subscriptions households and smes. the company has been recognized by: rosenc: special distinction for spectacular exponential growth. energy platform: voted the provider with the fastest response time. accomplishments date founding armand group armand group was founded and soon became one the important players the market renewable energy, both romania and europe. time branched out and followed new paths for development but our goal remains the same better world and sustainable future. armand group specialized renewable energy and constructions and brought the best, most dedicated professionals board with experiencing years constant growth. fig. armand group founding restart energy company armand doru domuta, part armand group acquiring energy supply license, gas supply license and iso certification, cross border serbia energy supply license february acquired its first group customers reaching customers the end the year revenues million usd growth from revenues forecast for million usd (+% growth from customers base households and companies) payment locations romania over new customers per month monthly growth rate over strong partners: euro gsm (orange) inter broker grs amvv revenue forecast for million usd growth from given below timeline restart energy's milestones timeline milestone aug acquired energy supply license nr. dec acquired gas supply license nr. dec acquired fuel supply license roen/ dec acquired cross border serbia energy supply license feb acquired its first group customers dec reached customers apr launched online and mobile switching app may launched fuel card system jun reached million usd monthly turnover jul launched messenger bot for switching and support aug reached commercial locations sep launched whatsapp support and home appliance insurance oct planted the restart customer forest trees nov surpassed million usd monthly turnover dec reached customers restart energy has been ranked number one independent supplier the deregulated household gas market and number two the deregulated energy household market romania fig. snapshot energy supply license, gas supply license and iso certification the romanian sustainable energy cluster rosenc has also expressed its support for the restart energy democracy platform. fig. snapshot letter support romanian sustainable energy cluster rosenc restart energy team contributors restart energy owned armand group, the most successful renewable project developer romania with more than solar and other renewable sources developed through its subsidiary armand consulting, and tvsat group, which the largest regional media telecom company romania. executive team armand doru domuta, founder ceo armand has scaled restart energy the last years into diversified energy company romania. his achievements include developing renewable energy projects (pv, hydro and biomass), managing anre-licensed engineers, building epc over projects (many them still operational); including dispatching, balancing and trading energy from these and other assets. further achievements: developed system for optimized prediction restart energy's production and pioneered smart metering system. holds master's degree accounting and finance, and bachelor's degree marketing management. renato doicaru, co-founder head energy acquisitions renato responsible for performing all activities procuring and trading electricity. has worked with armand group from the beginning, building and operating power plants, getting licensed all romanian electricity platforms, including damas transelectrica for cross-border trading, where exceeded twh trading date. has been involved several research projects for developing improved energy forecast models together with esa (european space agency). cristian bogdan, cfo years track record financial industry, mostly top banks, brought cristian comprehensive understanding business and people management. experienced corporate business and financial analysis, business strategy, credit deals structuring, credit risk and daily business operations. acted the corporate banking market with raiffeisen bank. seven years later, became corporate director erste bcr timis. after three years was directly steering all business lines brd societe generale, timis, with direct responsibility over both retail and corporate segments. vali malinoiu, cto vali has over years' experience working blockchain having been there from the start. polyglot and self-described poly-paradigm software engineer who has personally contributed numerous open-source projects, including bitcoin's early architecture, evidencing his specialty software architecture, software design, distributed systems, and security. during his career, has finalized number projects, including blockchain ide, automatic audit systems through smart contracts, blockchain security systems, and currently leading the swazm custom blockchain development platform that the basis for the red platform! vali also prolific speaker and has participated numerous specialized conferences including codecamp, owasp, time for downtime, and tedx amongst others. adrian stratulat, lead evangelist red diplomat training and social entrepreneur heart, adrian stratulat has over years experience business development, management, and entrepreneurship. holding phd energy security, has in-depth knowledge the energy market and over one year experience digital marketing co-founder another blockchain project. currently, also coo swazm and executive manager for the romanian blockchain association; developing educational and public affairs programs for the entire blockchain industry romania. andreea petrica, head marketing with over years specific marketing and communications experience, andreea can draw upon vast pool knowledge that includes working for internationally recognized brands such tedx, leadership experts like robin sharma, collaborating with several national advertising agencies for nearly five years, well helping international clients with their marketing needs. her personal motto is: "every great dream begins with dreamer. always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion reach for the stars and change the world." denis roua, chief editor while having several years' worth editorial and publishing experience, red's chief editor's foremost qualifications are his dogged perfectionism, critical eye, adaptability, and capability. being somewhat polymath, denis has worked several fields, both employee and for himself, fulfilling several roles over the years everything from management assets retail, marketing, freelance translator copy layout editor. anglo- and germanophile, has always held the maxim "anything worth doing worth doing well." and such has served him well. his time red has added sizeable knowledge-base centered around blockchain and energy already expansive understanding history, the sciences, and philosophy. catalin scurtu, coo catalin dedicated both personal and professional growth and has worked the corporate giant, continental, for years. this has provided catalin with wealth experience project management. catalin's optimism and creativity are reflected his favorite quote mahatma gandhi -"be the change that you wish see the world". alexandru tarcan, online sales manager head online sales, with direct experience sales and purchasing fields over the past years, graded with professional proficiency languages. alex has master's degree business administration and management from the university economic studies bucharest, well having earned and completed erasmus scholarship from the prestigious universite des sciences sociales toulouse. former trade and merchandising manager, goal-oriented expert with passion for programming and it, with experience online and commercial sales. has worked for successful brands such cora, auchan, k&k electronics, and domo. recently joined the team after finishing the delivery custom built online marketplace platform. eng. viorica gheorghe, chief markets viorica chief markets and forecast specialist with years' experience operating opcom markets. eng. mara grigore head large accounts mara head large accounts with years experience key account manager for top energy companies like arelco power. eng. marian iriza voinea, head gas supply marian head gas supply with years gas distribution experience and years gas supply experience. ambassadors adriana istrate adriana istrate set new world record for completing marathons and ultra-marathons continents, her own project. she was also the first romanian woman run antarctica and the world for finishing the race. adriana also philanthropist and has raised over ron for her chosen charity, hospice, which assists terminally ill children and their families. susaye greene susaye's well-known career music and art industry r&b, pop, and dance-pop the was great success she was the last member join the motown girl group the supremes. along with art and music work, she has always expressed her support for stem education (science, technology, engineering, math) and was advisor the only canadian team competing google lunar xprize team planb canada, with million dollars prize money. due her tremendous passion bringing the world together for peace and prosperity, she finds her vision aligned with the restart energy democracy project give people the ability buy and sell energy, worldwide, using blockchain technology and thereby reduce energy poverty through affordable green energy sources. advisors catalin sorin ivan mep for the last years, with years political experience. blockchain advocate with master's international business. catalin one the youngest members ever grace the halls brussels and aims spearhead blockchain and deregulation efforts the heart the eu. before getting into politics, studied and earned master's degree international business solid background for blockchain and deregulation advocacy. has been member special committees and has held two vice-chair positions during his time mep: the vice-chair the delegation for relations with the countries the andean community (-), and the vice-chair the committee budgetary control (). dr. vlad trifa, iot blockchain expert vlad trifa experienced technologist, entrepreneur and author who has been the forefront the internet things (iot) revolution for over decade. most recently, launched and led the swisscom digital lab leading innovation center enterprise digitalization for the largest swiss telecommunication provider, which helps late companies harness the latest technologies such ai, blockchain and iot. before that, co-founded and led the product r&d departments evrythng, award-winning industry-grade iot cloud platform used numerous fortune companies. the founder webofthings.org, well-respected author and researcher and wrote numerous patents and articles about the intersection web technologies and iot. the results his phd research carried out mit, eth zurich, and sap played central role efforts create standard for the web things. vlad graduated with phd computer science from eth zurich, msc robotics and artificial intelligence from epfl. michael enescu, energy adaptive networks expert michael enescu chairman and co-founder ean, responsible for development network virtualization technology based smart grid research from caltech. has broad range experience having developed and delivered dozens enterprise and consumer software products. the challenge despite the deregulation energy markets, several challenges prevent market entry for private electricity suppliers. with legacy players continuing hold the majority share the market, little has changed since the deregulation. obstacles entering the household and sme energy markets include capital-intensive infrastructure and process automation necessary handle large numbers low volume consumption orders. current service models not provide direct connection between producers renewable energy consumers, resulting the inability profit and grow business, save, and choose between renewable and fossil fuels. government subsidies for renewable energy are designed jumpstart markets until the necessary economies scale for grid parity are reached, but reality, there are very few countries where renewable energy has reached grid parity. now, after the drop subsidies, the world looking for new distributed energy development model directly connect end users producers allow consumers direct access accountable, cheaper energy, while also providing producers with increased incentives for faster renewable energy deployment around the world. small consumers and producers are usually trapped contracts with suppliers that provide limited services high costs for the end users. currently, the limited blockchain energy schemes have focused incentivizing renewable energy generation. this model does not solve the main issues the market raised above. our solution restart energy democracy (red): the first global online energy provider. restart energy developing blockchain-based platform with single, intuitive user interface allowing for global energy supply that will help become the next generation utility company. more than billion energy consumers all over the world deregulating markets will able switch their current energy provider with restart energy red franchise online, transparent environment using our platform, less than minutes. the platform will provide for all their energy needs superior userfriendly way for real time consumption, invoices, payments and, most importantly, will allow for direct peer peer energy associated rights exchanged between consumers, prosumers and producers any kind. the restart energy democracy platform (red) connects energy producers and traders with retail customers around the globe transparent, decentralized manner; creating added value for all the parties employing blockchain remove several layers costs associated with bureaucracy and transaction costs. rearranging the way transactions are settled, transparent manner using blockchain, producers will able sell their energy price higher compared the wholesale price high numbers low-volume retail customers, who will then pay less using existing grid infrastructure and the red platform administered restart energy. furthermore, intend develop new standard cryptographic green certificates, using blockchain that will awarded the consumers renewable energy. the green certificates will store information about the source energy, the producer, the consumer/user and the owner the certificates. believe that creating transparent and accountable standard user-owned cryptographic green certificates, tradable secondary markets, incentivize the consumption green energy and thus demand for renewable power sources through free market principles this, turn, increases the rate adoption renewables and ultimately leads increased revenues for green energy producers and more sustainable energy future for everyone. fig. current market roles how electricity traded now present, electricity traded through exchanges over-the-counter transactions (otc). many markets, more than the electricity volume traded over the counter. result, bids and offers are managed financial brokers, and therefore, are often executed outside exchanges. this, turn, reduces the visibility and transparency the transactions. addition, the centralized model trading with small number largescale energy companies dominating the market further limits improvements toward visibility and transparency trades. the global trends and latest technologies renewable energy generation has enabled individual consumers generate energy their own and this has pushed the energy markets toward decentralization. addition, improvements the battery technologies have enabled efficient storage energy, providing more opportunities for consumers become independent their energy management. conclusion, the current transaction model remains barrier trade: consumers must still use the traditional methods purchase and sell their excess energy requirements from their own generation. current system consumer: takes energy from the grid; pays retail price for energy; usually cannot choose his energy source; low accountability; low incentive invest renewable energy. prosumer: consumer that also produces energy; prosumer produces more energy with solar than needed, sells some back the grid very low price low because these small quantities are very difficult forecast, and legacy energy providers have incentives offer such services because their own supply and revenue from consumers would reduced. producer: injects energy into the grid; gets wholesale price for the energy; very low return investment means low incentive invest without subsidies. new system: restart energy democracy platform (red-p) red-p global, decentralized energy supply platform software. consumers and producers register use the red-p gain access global energy supply; intelligent wifi meters; watt prediction software; peer-to-peer (pp) energy exchange; potential earn green certificates. innovative features red-p include: any registered user can buy sell from any other registered user some consumers are also generators (e.g. wind/solar) large power stations (gas, coal, nuclear) are being replaced with thousands consumer-generators (prosumers). pp: all parties our ecosystem are able trade directly with each other. with the new platform, anticipate energy companies adapt the new economy. energy companies will start take payment energy bills tokens there will market for those tokens and value associated with them. blockchain appealing energy companies will allow the energy companies address the administrative burden connecting retail market consumers, energy producers, balancing responsible parties and other bodies through the blockchain. would also automate payments daily weekly, with lower levels debt. finally, red-p will increase competition the electricity market. for instance, with our model, consumers will able "auto-switch" their energy supplier every days. the system will tender consumer contracts every days seamlessly, ensuring more competitive marketplace and truly market-reflective prices. mwat holders purchasing energy from the red platform will also receive green certificate for each mwh green energy consumed. the green certificates will automatically allocated their respective consumer accounts and will help accounting for how much green energy they have consumed. secondary platform for green certificates will developed the red platform where companies that want support renewable energy production and help the planet end fossil fuel pollution may purchase the green certificates from the consumers according free-market principles. the companies will able use the purchased green certificates globally reduce their carbon footprint and prove their green credentials transparent manner. each green certificate blockchain will contain information the production source, issue date and will allow the general public track ownership. these green certificates represent additional income source for the owners and incentivize the consumers use the red platform for purchasing green energy. size the market the worldwide electricity consumption reached twh (terawatt hours). asia and americas accounted for and the total respectively. the asian consumption, china accounted for while india accounted for other words, china has consumed approximately the world's electricity the global power market currently worth around trillion usd per annum. the extent deregulation energy trading largely varies according the country/territory, however, the majority the world's largest energy markets are already deregulated, and some others are moving towards deregulation. most the middle east and africa markets remain highly regulated though, which account for around the global consumption. further, important note that china has recently announced its plan deregulating its billion usd electricity market just few years' time. energy markets regulations countries the world accounting for percent the world's energy consumption have already embraced deregulated energy markets and many other markets will follow japan recently deregulated its energy market because power became substantially more expensive after fukushima and citizens longer trusted the energy monopolies, making the idea open markets more appealing india experimenting with deregulated energy markets china planning open its billion usd energy market http://globalriskinsights.com///chinas-energy-deregulation-overshadows-aramco-ipo/ http://www.creden.univ-montp.fr/reseau/docs%colloque/lefevre_todoc.pdf https://www.japantimes.co.jp/opinion////editorials/power-retail-deregulation/ https://cpianalysis.org////chinas-new-chapter-on-its-electricity-market-reform/ https://www.engerati.com/article/energy-deregulation-transforming-asia's-energy-sector deregulated electricity market would generally allow the market forces (demand and supply) determine the price while providing opportunities for the private sector participate the market. similarly, the european union also the process creating unified market across its member countries/territories with the objective creating integrated energy ecosystem that will increase the efficiency the market, allowing cheaper energy prices for its people more sustainable and manageable energy network. however, the extent the deregulation can vary according the country. present, western and northern european markets are already deregulated great extent, while southern and eastern european markets are less deregulated. the united states usually have highly deregulated market but not all states have separated the retail from the distribution operator; canada also has deregulated markets with alberta and ontario being the most deregulated provinces. oceania, both australia and new zealand have highly deregulated markets electricity with active involvement the private sector. countries across asia such japan, south korea, taiwan, malaysia, thailand, philippines and singapore have opted for market deregulation bid create sustainability. japan aiming for complete deregulation its retail market with reforms electricity and gas markets. the fukushima event was the main driver the energy policy being revisited. japan initiated its electricity market deregulation process last year april and steadily becoming one the world's largest deregulated electricity markets. successful, the change could result vastly modernized energy sector resulting lower rates and more prosperous economy overall. the deregulation could see japan advance innovation and even become model for the asian region. malaysia has introduced deregulation its gas and power sector and has paved the way for the introduction independent power producers (ipps) the supply function the sector, helping the government reduce the costs and administration involved the exploration new natural gas fields. thailand, part international monetary fund and world bank recommendations, unbundled the electricity generating authority (egat) assets and introduced laws for market deregulation. since offers new financial products that target huge market capitalization. the philippines's energy regulatory commission facilitated the privatization the national power corporation which worked very well the urban centers, with fully liberated markets benefitting urban consumers. however, providing services rural markets competitively remains challenge. the national electricity market singapore, under the supervision the electricity market authority (ema), facilitates the competitive sale electricity wholesale and retail markets. introduced large consumers the retail electricity industry with contestability reaching with view eventually achieving pollution and overcapacity china's reason for market deregulation. pollution major driving force behind china's reform cheap coal and overcapacity encourage wasteful consumption patterns. this stands the way the government's efforts improve energy efficiency and cut pollution. china's large scale investments wind and solar energy are being under-used within the current system, which too static effectively incorporate fluctuating green energy generation rates, resulting waste and the threat power cuts. the country big energy consumer, representing the world's energy consumption. electricity distribution and transmission are critical china's growing economy. the electricity reforms began with pilot project shenzhen, and where expanded five more regions with enterprises seeing savings million usd result. similarly, direct energy sales were expanded seven more cities the government set expand the program ten more provincials, and one two regional power grids (including beijing, tianjin, chongqing, and guangdong), and the whole country the government will monitoring the progress the pilot project until the regulator aims complete the revamp transmission and distribution tariffs the end this year, and will start trial spot market power trading the end and fully operate also aims complete work related the opening the retail market new players after state-run monopolies are fragmented. shifting deregulated market, the government wants use market forces phase out inefficient and less environmentally friendly producers out the market. with the market setting prices various bidding increments, efficient producers will now given the chance properly use their assets, under-bidding less competitive producers. result, china's ageing and "dirty" generators will forced operate peak consumption hours, thereby reducing pollution levels. although the world moving towards deregulation, most the markets have not yet seen efficient and effective competition these markets are still dominated small number large companies. fact, this issue has been identified most regulators who are actively encouraging the new market entrants and especially new technologies transform the market and its operation, leading higher level competition and transparency benefiting the consumers. the problem detail monopolistic players legacy, vertically integrated players still hold majority shares the deregulated energy market the world, which has often created monopolistic behaviors leading poor customer service and unreasonable and arbitrary pricing. with limited transparency between the producers and consumers, market inefficiencies are often transferred small renewable energy producers and end customers. vertical integration model common many european energy markets. theory, vertical integration delivers efficiencies and reduces costs the company. the nature electricity generation assets, which are expensive build and have long life, makes vertical integration attractive structure for companies help reduce future risks. this because the electricity generator will always have buyer for some all its output price that the generator determines. this provides high-level hedge for fluctuating relative profitability across the wholesale and retail sides the electricity market. vertically integrated companies can also avoid credit and collateral costs. but well helping manage risk, vertical integration business model that inherently lacks transparency. the different divisions businesses electricity generation, gas production, energy retail can sister businesses divisions within the same company. while there will separate management for each business division, these all fall within the management single group board. result, impossible see the dynamic relationship between the different business divisions. for example, what extent one business arm exerting pressure the other? the dynamics between the different divisions will affect the price consumers pay and may differ between companies. addition, monopolistic behaviors can affect the consumers negatively follows: monopolies restrict output onto the market exploit its dominant position over period, drive the price. there asymmetric information. the monopolist may know more than the consumer and can exploit this knowledge its own advantage. monopolies have incentive reduce average costs minimum. monopolies can create barriers entry for new entrants due high startup capital costs and economies scale with their high volumes. inefficient operating environment and trading platforms the nature electricity adds complexity the wholesale electricity market. this because electricity unlike other commodities. impossible trace electricity from particular generator particular customer and electricity rarely stored (storage very expensive and where does occur tends the form hydro). addition, there are very tight physical parameters, such frequency and voltage, that must maintained when transported via the grid system that requires second second management across the system. the energy trading most countries highly regulated, technical, and capital intensive. for instance, during the trading process day-ahead markets, electricity producers who want sell power the spot market must send their sale offers (for the amount electricity they are prepared deliver various prices during the hours the following day) the power exchange noon the day before the power delivered the grid. this may lead the reliance erratic pricing the energy trading energy providers. therefore, there are many problems retail electricity and gas supply today: the current energy-trading environment has limited the access few, specialized wholesale energy traders. the other hand, does not create any direct connection between energy producers and energy consumers, limiting the potential transparency between the parties. market entry for the household and sme consumer segment for private electricity suppliers currently not viable because the expensive infrastructure and process automation necessary handle large number consumption places and the long pay-back periods behind the low volumes. hectic, complicated tariffs systems are confusing for the final customers. details the solution amazon energy how will this work? the restart energy democracy platform connects energy producers and traders with retail customers around the globe transparent, decentralized manner that creates value for all the parties employing blockchain remove several layers costs associated with bureaucracy and transactions costs and decentralized supply service end customers. the inherent structure the system designed for fast scalability and global applicability all deregulated energy markets using the same proven methods that helped the company achieve its fast growth market. producers will able sell their energy price higher compared the wholesale price due high numbers low volume retail customers that turn will pay less using existing grid infrastructure rearranging the way transactions are settled transparent manner using blockchain. energy virtually sold producers consumers the red platform tokenized and delivered worldwide. the red platform software automatically matches the value internal tokens depending local energy rates. energy supply service existing private energy providers and energy producers deregulated markets will have purchase mwat tokens gain access the red-p and will benefit from the process automation and retail customer base with better margins without associated transaction capital costs and zero risks. electricity and gas consumers and producers accessing red-p will represented restart energy when switching energy providers, payments, and other related services. the same time, restart energy will sign contracts with local electricity and gas suppliers for providing the energy supply service, sales, marketing, and process automation infrastructure supply large numbers low volume consumers. fig. market roles under decentralized transaction model restart energy democracy platform (red-p) the global restart energy democracy platform (red-p)software allows consumers and producers register and change supplier, compare tariffs, see consumptions and pay invoices with cryptocurrency and tokens. the platform empowers users buy, sell and trade energy among each other worldwide. restart energy, provides the sales, marketing and other infrastructure including invoicing systems and process automation systems necessary for supplying energy large number consumers local private energy providers around the world while receiving fee per unit consumption its revenue. red-p provides transparency and improves efficiency throughout the value chain under its control. uses several innovative systems and processes, including web and mobile apps, wireless metering and effortless online switching suppliers with superior customer service and zero bureaucracy, enabling consumers effectively acquire and manage their energy needs and achieve savings. restart energy uses the blockchain technology the basis this platform apply its inherent nature transparency, decentralization, and security. the model one that works global context and will implemented across all power markets, which are becoming increasingly deregulated. the chinese power market, which has always been closed also opening billion usd market restart energy brings the following features/benefits its consumers, which has resulted far superior service compared the legacy players: web and mobile app: all our services are accessible via web interface through web browser and via smartphone through restart energy mobile app supporting both ios and android. energy exchange: the decentralized energy platform will enable anyone trade energy products using tokens, transforming the energy sector. wireless metering: energy consumption metering available online via the web and mobile app and therefore accessible from anywhere. addition, consumers can set notifications when the consumption exceeds certain thresholds. online switching suppliers: switching energy gas supplier will done online transparent simple invoicing: restart energy has implemented simple and transparent invoicing system which can easily understood any non-technical person. zero bureaucracy: restart energy has optimized all its customer engagement points throughout its value chain eliminate any bureaucracies. excellent customer service: restart energy provides its customer support via phone, email, and online chat reduced costs: removing several layers transaction costs, consumers will purchase energy cheaper while producers will sell energy price that higher than the wholesale price adding value all the parties. renewable energy: consumers have the option choose renewable energy service. fig. image restart energy website (restartenergy.ro) fig. image restart energy mobile app restart energy enables its customers pay their bills for both energy and gas through the zebra pay cash terminals with bitcoin. zebra pay provides possibility buy bitcoin large network terminals romania, where users can buy bitcoins for cash more than physical locations. bitcoins are transferred immediately the moment purchase. zebra pay universal payment service based romania that operates the largest network self-service terminals romania. decentralized energy trading platform restart energy setting decentralized energy trading platform (red-p) based blockchain technology, which will enable anyone trade energy using the tokens fiat currencies any deregulated energy market the world. this will revolutionize the way people purchase their energy needs and the way energy producers sell their production. the proposed platform its very nature will provide the following benefits: power the people: everyone will able register, buy, sell, consume and trade energy through mwat the crypto-energy trading platform open entire new market: facilitate and secure transparent peer-to-peer exchange and contribute developing cryptocurrencies payment instrument increasing demand restart energy will also able provide delivery and offtake purchased and sold energy fig. processes blockchain-based system the platform will work global integrated energy services platform for retail energy customers, energy producers, and suppliers. virtual balancing many tge's related direct peer peer energy exchange seem lack the knowledge how these transfers can physically executed and accounted for considering that any kind energy exchange needs pass through the existing grid and requires accounting and balancing responsibility. the key being able provide direct energy exchanges between consumers and producers closely related the way the energy systems are balanced the transport network operators (tso). one the main features the red-p that will provide virtual balancing for suppliers, consumers and producers the same country (group) and assign balancing responsibility between the parties that they may exchange energy among them that will accounted the final settlements without affecting the total quantities energy inside the same balancing group. other words, consumer purchases energy directly from producer the quantity active energy that was directly purchased will not appear the monthly supply invoice. this system only possible all the ingredients are present mainly real time energy metering and smart energy forecasting that can accurately predict intermittent energy production and consumption coming from renewable sources. elements the red-p ecosystem fig. red ecosystem wifi meters provide real time energy consumption/production restart energy one provides its customers with the real time energy consumption viewing service restartenergy.ro web site the mobile phone app downloading the restart energy app for android ios. the specially developed restart energy wifi smart meters have precision class and are installed the general circuit board, without any changes the existing meter, belonging the distribution operator, they send data regarding power quality and energy consumption real time restart energy servers. you can see this data real time the phone/pc. thus, the user knows any moment its energy consumption and cost, well the instant active power. this great tool increase public awareness about energy efficiency and how much electric power home appliances use. monitoring and recording features related the power quality distributed the area distribution operator, namely voltage and power variations, frequency variations, harmonics, flickers, outages, restart energy servers automatically send notifications the customer and the distribution operator whenever there are deviations from the power quality standard. customers have access various charts and data about the historical energy consumption and the consumption profile. watt predict solar energy forecast software watt predict innovative learning software designed for superior solar energy forecasting. system that able estimate electrical energy production for the next day. watt predict develops software for more precise estimation the quantity energy produced photovoltaic (pv) parks. their mission reducing costs and thus significantly decreasing the invoices issued institutions responsible for imbalances for photovoltaic systems providing forecasting service with high accuracy and financially accessibility. watt predict offers new calculation method for forecasting the energy production from pv. the forecast solar radiation, the most difficult component forecasting cloudy appearance spontaneous mainframe systems and their evolution over time and space. remove this drawback, created and implemented: mathematical forecasting the appearance clouds detecting areas convergence and areas frontier. soft radar information from previous measurements identify and anticipate the movement cloud systems. developing and combining these two components, constitutes the novelty terms solar radiation forecast step timetable. the project received grants for research and currently used research project partnership with the european space agency. our application based numerical weather prediction, more specifically done with open-source wrf-arw regional weather prediction system initiated with gfs (global forecast system initial data and lateral boundary conditions). use optimization techniques such genetic algorithms order better represent the nebulosity (the main impediment forecasting the incoming radiation). the energy produced solar parks sold energy markets day advance, thus precise estimation the quantity energy supreme importance for the producers. media: http://armandgroup.eu/en/energy/cercetare/watt-predict/ http://ricap.ro/blog/companii-participante-/watt-predict/ http://www.zf.ro/business-hi-tech/un-start-up-a-creat-un-sistem-care-estimeaza-productia-de-energie-apanourilor-solare- industry analysis global perspective the total worldwide electricity consumption reached twh (terawatt hours), with the consumption coming from asia and the consumption coming from the americas. china and india were responsible for most asia's consumption: china and india respectively. other words, china alone accounted for approximately global electricity global power market worth around trillion usd per annum. the deregulation this market largely depends country/territory. most the major markets are either already deregulated the process deregulating. however, the middle east and africa still remain largely regulated. but these two regions make less than global electricity consumption. important note that china has also recently announced that would starting the process deregulation its huge billion usd electricity market using power source metric civilization, world energy consumption has significant implications for humanity's socio-economic-political sphere. the world's primary energy supply amounted terawatthours (twh) mtoe while the final global energy consumption was twh about less than the total supply. world final energy consumption includes products such lubricants, asphalt, and petrochemicals which have chemical energy content but are not used fuel. this non-energy use amounted twh mtoe) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_energy_consumption million tons oil equivalent globally, primary energy: consumption fuel* million tonnes oil equivalent oil natural gas coal nuclear energy hydro electric renewables total total world notes: oil consumption measured million tons; other fuels million tons oil equivalent. fig. total primary energy supply million tons oil equivalent source (bp, source: https://www.bp.com/content/dam/bp/en/corporate/pdf/energy-economics/statistical-review-/bp-statisticalreview-of-world-energy--full-report.pdf fig. comparison and fuel shares tpes source: iea.org according the global energy market trends report schneider electric, the global energy landscape continuing evolve. the level complexity makes increasingly difficult for organizations anticipate and react the variables that will have the greatest impact their business. within those same companies, these effects are likely felt across multiple departments across stakeholders around the world. renewable energy industry outlook throughout renewables effectively competed against fossil fuel generation power markets and for procurement contracts around the world. clear that renewable energy resources have outgrown the "alternative" label. due the declining costs solar and wind technologies well the anticipation more carbonconstrained future, today the global growth renewable energy increasingly driven voluntary procurement utilities and corporations. have seen especially rapid decline the global levelized cost electricity (lcoe) solar photovoltaic (pv) generation well onshore and offshore wind. these improving economics are empowering many customers seek greater control over their energy choices, and movement toward localized energy procurement seems underway. we're seeing many municipalities across the world take advantage community choice aggregation (cca) policies, and community solar has taken off too. this strong demand from customers and communities that seem have allowed renewables shed the "alternative" label and transition into mainstream resources. https://www.iea.org/publications/freepublications/publication/keyworld.pdf tpes total primary energy supply http://www.se-library.com/-global-trends.pdf https://www.deloitte.com/us/en/pages/energy-and-resources/articles/renewable-energy-outlook.html local perspective romania the largest oil and gas producer central and eastern europe,, but net importer both counts. according bp's statistical review world energy (), romania's proved reserves the end were million tons oil (with reserve production ratio and billion cubic meters (bcm) gas (with reserve production ratio .). domestic gas production covered excess (.%) total consumption the main sources electricity generation romania (approximate percentages valid for are follows: coal .%; hydro .%; nuclear .%; gas .%; and renewable sources (other than hydro) .%. although numerous facilities have been commissioned the last five seven years, only the total electricity generated and dispatched into the grid was produced energy facilities other than hydropower. cez owns the biggest onshore wind farm from the romania, the fantanele-cogealac wind park, with capacity mw. the main electricity generation companies are state-owned: nuclearelectrica, the operator the only nuclear power plant romania, having capacity mw; hidroelectrica's system hydropower plants; and around thermal coal-fuelled power plants. all these companies together generate around the country's total electricity production. according data published tso transelectrica, romania produced twh electricity from renewable energy sources increase from the previous year. renewable energy thus accounted for the twh used according the energy ministry, romania has met its objective reaching total renewable energy for romania has already reached competition current competitors restart energy are the legacy energy suppliers owning distribution companies that also are licensed sell their electricity and natural gas. april there were licensed companies for supplying electric power and/or natural gas. them, are registered for supplying electric power, for natural gas companies are licensed for both services). there are eight major distribution and system operators (dsos) for electric power, one per region, which supplies other regional distributors companies. some them are state-owned while others are privately owned. below are the privately owned companies: enel (https://www.enel.ro): enel global, vertically integrated energy company that manages and upgrades the electricity networks the three regions banat, dobrogea and south muntenia. cez (http://www.cez.ro/ro): cez the czech national energy company that owns one distribution region romania. e.on (https://www.eon-energie-romania.ro/): eon german, vertically integrated energy company that supplies natural gas and electricity romania. electrica (https://www.electrica.ro/): electrica leader the electricity distribution and supply market romania, well one the most important companies the energy services sector. https://www.globallegalinsights.com/practice-areas/energy/global-legal-insights---energy-th-ed./romania https://ec.europa.eu/energy/sites/ener/files/documents/_energy_market_en_.pdf https://www.bp.com/content/dam/bp/pdf/energy-economics/statistical-review-/bp-statistical-review-of-worldenergy--full-report.pdf https://www.export.gov/article?id=romania-energy after the launch red-p, restart energy will enter more than deregulated energy markets around the world serve the household and sme consumer segments. other decentralized energy platforms there are several other projects that aim bring innovation the energy market/trading with the use the blockchain technology. these projects have raised, are the process raising, funds through token sales. some the notable projects are: wepower (wepower.network): power aims build decentralized green energy trading platform. wepower planning launch its activity spain energi mine (energimine.com): energi mine aims build decentralizing global energy market rewarding energy efficient behavior. power ledger (powerledger.io): the power ledger aims build decentralized platform that enables interoperability between diverse market management/pricing mechanisms and units electricity way tokens. table comparison red-p with the other proposed platforms restart energy wepower power ledger energi mine licensed energy provider yes company with revenues and track record yes yes existing substantial customer base yes loyalty bonus once registered yes tokens give access energy franchise business yes job creating business ecosystem yes agreements place with energy producers for transferring energy own token holders yes yes provides decentralized energy trading platform for direct exchange yes yes yes yes blockchain-based, smart contract token yes yes yes yes token can used settle energy bills yes yes yes yes allows physical delivery energy yes allows energy producer raise funds yes yes global scalability business model yes deploy its own smart wifi meter yes parameter allows online switching existing supplier yes ai-based software for prediction solar energy production yes token can used companies reward onboard new customers yes allow third party applications its platform yes first mover advantage with market ready system yes consumers receive green certificates for using renewable energy yes company develops own standard green certificates yes project implementation depends regulatory system changes yes yes yes blo ckchain [public] blockchain continuously growing public ledger records that independent, decentralized, verifiable, and permanent database coexisting multiple locations shared community. the records are arranged data batches called blocks that follow cryptographic validation method. that means each block references and identifies the previous block hashing function, forming unbroken chain. functionally, blockchain can serve open, distributed ledger that can record transactions between two parties efficiently and verifiable and permanent way. for use distributed ledger, blockchain typically managed peer-to-peer network collectively adhering protocol for validating new blocks. once recorded, the data any given block cannot altered retroactively without the alteration all subsequent blocks and collusion the network majority, which nearly impossible. how blockchain works there are three main components that need combined create [public] blockchain. they are: private key cryptography distributed network with shared ledger incentive service the network private key cryptography the main purpose this component blockchain technology create secure digital identity reference. identity based possession combination private and public cryptographic keys. each party that wishes transact over the internet will hold private key and public key. the combination these keys can https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blockchain seen dexterous form consent, creating extremely useful digital signatures. turn, this digital signature provides strong control ownership. distributed network with shared ledger network so-called computing "nodes" required maintain blockchain. node can any computer connected the blockchain network using client that performs the task validating and relaying transactions. node gets copy the blockchain, which downloaded automatically upon joining the blockchain network. when cryptographic keys are combined with this network, useful form digital interactions emerges. the process begins with one party broadcasting block containing digital signature, timestamp and relevant information all nodes the network. incentive service the network the nodes blockchain offer computer-processing power service the network. there reward available for the nodes typically cryptocurrency exchange for their service. cryptocurrency units must unique owned and have value. achieve this, the nodes serving the network create and maintain history transactions for each currency unit working solve proof-of-work mathematical problems and voting with their cpu power, expressing their agreement about new blocks rejecting invalid blocks. this process often called mining. when majority the miners arrives the same solution, they add new block the chain. this block time stamped and can also contain data messages. the type, amount and verification type can different for each blockchain. matter the blockchain's protocol rules for what and not valid transaction valid creation new block. the process verification can tailored for each blockchain. any needed rules and incentives can created when enough nodes arrive consensus how transactions ought verified. fig. infographic: how blockchain works source: blockgeeks.com advantages blockchain technology blockchain technology has the following inherent advantages. immutability: nothing the blockchain can changed without the consensus the network. any confirmed transactions the blockchain cannot changed. permanence: what happens the blockchain stays the blockchain. public blockchain will act public ledger, meaning that long the blockchain remains operative, the data will accessible. removal intermediaries: the nature the blockchain does away with the need for intermediaries and users interact directly with one another. with the removal intermediaries and the distributed ledger being updated real-time the miners, any data inputted the blockchain transmitted and stored automatically. decentralization consensus: with central authority acting clearinghouse for transaction validation, the effort required reach consensus shared between the miners. transparency (pseudonymity): public blockchains can offer full transparency the transactions carried out the network while safeguarding the privacy its users through pseudonymity since only the transacting addresses are shown. speed: blockchain results much faster process than centrally controlled ledger. lower costs: the removal intermediaries will result lower transaction costs. security: with the encryption through cryptography, one other than the sender and recipient can access the data sent across the blockchain. blockchain smart contracts blockchain technology enables the coding simple contracts known "smart contracts" that will execute when specified conditions are met. capable facilitating, executing, and enforcing the negotiation performance contract/agreement. the entire process automated and can act complement, substitute, for legal contracts with superior security traditional contract laws and reduce other transaction costs associated with contracting. smart contracts are very useful feature for the blockchain technology that can pave the way completely new scope commercial and other applications the blockchain technology can remove the intermediary required commercial transactions. fig. image example smart contract code ethereum blockchain source: blockgeeks.com the red platform design restart energy democracy platform (red-p) will connect the final consumer the producer directly using the existing grid via smart contracts within the frame and license local private energy providers managing their entire supply activity service and including them the same virtual balancing group managed the system. fig. schematic red-p energy supplier buys energy and sells retail, ensuring that production and consumption are matched with hourly settlements. otherwise, can lose money not gaining the extra energy that was not consumed and paying high bill for the energy did not have. individual quantities exchanged inside the system will not affect the total energy balance because they are settled inside the system. this means possible for someone who owns on-grid solar rooftop system sell the energy injects into the grid peak times someone who auctions for that energy the redp using blockchain and the intelligent wireless meters and watt predict technology developed restart energy track and account for these energy exchanges inside the same virtual delimited balancing group. will enable its users buy, sell, trade electrical energy using tokens issued the company. restart energy will allow physical delivery and offtake the purchased sold energy the states where the company licensed supply has agreements place with local suppliers. restart energy's wireless intelligent meters work together with the red-p. the wireless meters developed restart energy will measure produced and consumed energy and send this data using existing wifi connections real time restart energy servers and the red-p allowing for instantaneous trading. intelligent wifi metering system restart energy invested wireless, smart metering system that estimates power production for the next day. takes data from different sources such historical trends sunlight and solar radiation, cloudy days different time and location. the system recognizes the previously measured information, and the radar software anticipates the cloud movement. make its red-p more efficient and accurate, restart energy will integrate its smart metering system with the watt predict software with producers for hourly settlement. this system alone will help predict the energy output and will allow for more efficient energy transactions, settlements, supply, and trade. existing energy supply software suite our software engineers have developed the first integrated software suite for the romanian power and gas markets. myrestart mobile app restart energy developed mobile application for android and ios service its energy customers. the restart energy mobile app allows customers see their energy consumption real time (if they have wifi meters installed), send meter reading, view historical consumption, see and pay invoices, support, send messages and notifications, update personal info, view scheduled grid repairs and latest news restartopedia. the application can downloaded here: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=ro.restartenergy.app prom otion strategy and arket traction the market development central and eastern europe intermediate phase between western markets and quickly growing emerging markets. different stages being already accomplished can find different levels market maturity present. evolving rhythms are different from market market and also balkans countries are characterized being significantly more fragmented compared western europe. restart energy development started romanian market, the biggest market the balkans. romania, part the european union single market, fast developing, upper-middle income mixed economy with skilled labor force. the largest the european union total nominal gdp and the largest based purchasing power parity. the romanian economy the th-largest economy the world (out countries measured imf) with billion usd annual output, and ranks the world within terms gdp per capita measured purchasing power parity. romanian economy expected grow based current economic growth, it's expected hit trillion usd ppp before romania continues one the leading nations central and eastern europe for attracting foreign direct investment (fdi): the inward fdi the country with cumulative fdi totaling more than billion usd since https://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/weo///weodata/weoselco.aspx?g=&sg=all+countries romania the largest electronics producer central and eastern europe. until the late financial crisis, the romanian economy had been referred "tiger" due its high growth rates and rapid development. until romanian economic growth was among the fastest europe (officially and more than three times the average). romania rich iron ore, oil, salt, uranium, nickel, copper and natural gas. the country regional leader multiple fields, such and motor vehicle production. bucharest, the capital city, one the largest financial and industrial centers eastern europe. according eurostat romania posted the biggest economic growth more than increase gdp. the projections for economic growth romania for and were both lifted percentage points and .%, respectively, the world bank said its june global economic prospects (gep) report. restart energy's strategy outlined below designed and used for the romanian market. for the global expansion red more than countries, restart energy will develop sales strategy tailored each country's needs and ecosystem. since its inception, restart energy continues grow aggressively. has successfully developed multichannel sales strategy quickly identifying market opportunities and leveraging local resources such microentrepreneurs through the first retail energy franchise the european union. sales channels currently used for supplying energy and gas romania are below: local distribution partners who acquire franchise and sell energy their long-standing customer. this strategy has proved very successful far and will major contribution the national expansion. formation local teams around the best local franchised partners. own sales force that includes national sales manager, logistics manager, -person contracting department, regional sales managers, own sales agents commission basis. partnerships with national companies like euro gsm (largest orange telecom dealer), inter broker (rd largest insurance broker), grs (largest auto insurance broker), cashback world (largest cash-back shopping network), romanian post country locations), tvsat (largest regional media telecom company), romanian war veterans organization, etc. fig. romanian national coverage ken odel restart energy committed building socially responsible business. the token generation event, addition being structured accordance with all regulatory requirements, established reward based crowdfunding campaign, where contributors will receive mwat tokens sale million usd. minimum raised amount does not exist, the company's products and services are already functional the market. the token model takes into consideration that energy producers will able sell their energy the red-p smaller household and sme consumers retail prices higher compared wholesale prices while the consumers will purchase that energy cheaper compared the normal retail price. exchange for access the red platform, energy producers and prosumers allocate between and all the energy they trade the red platform through the red loyalty system registered mwat users. thus, allocating their energy tradings through the red loyalty system the community, energy producers will able sell peer-to-peer the remaining their annual production price that's higher than the market wholesale price (.% gain). restart energy has agreements with energy producers currently operating more than renewable generation capacity start their collaboration with the red platform and provide energy exchange for access the platform and mwat holders. restart energy discussions for additional existing renewable generation capacities enter the red-p after its implementation. mwat: real utility from energy provider mwat will issued restart energy the tge (token generation event) and will necessary access the red platform software and the red franchise. addition, mwat may found popular cryptocurrency exchanges, after the conclusion the tge, where they can traded desired. the initial price mwat will usd cents), during the sale. the red platform will provide access green energy which the token holder can buy, use sell another mwat holder with the vehicle transfer being tokens (kwt). each kwt carries virtual charge kwh. token holders can consume their owned kwt sell them the red platform any time important feature especially token holders happen located countries where restart energy has not yet connected the energy infrastructure and doesn't have franchise place, thus cannot deliver the energy via supply contracts. each mwat token can hold kwt and also enables the buying selling kwt per month the red platform. thus, can said that mwat tokens are vehicle for storing and trading kwt. through the red loyalty system, energy producers the platform will supply each mwat that registers the red-p software with kwt, once the registration process complete. owning sufficient mwat grants the holders' free access the red franchises follows: mwat red city franchise allows the token holder broker energy sales their city choice within their country residence mwat red regional franchise allows the token holder broker energy sales entire region their country residence mwat red country franchise allows the token holder broker energy sales their entire country residence ~.. mwat red master franchise gives the token holder country exclusivity regarding the brokering energy sales and the option create sub-franchises inside their country residence (can more less than mwat, depending country population). token transactions the red platform will done using tokens(kwt). kwt kwh and can purchased the users the red platform with crypto and fiat currencies, order consumed sold the red platform. users can also pay their energy invoices the red platform, and with partnered energy producers, with their kwt. user the red platform can only ever store amount kwt equal his mwat balance. that is, kwt for each mwat. all kwt associated with account will undergo full reset-to-zero once each year. red loyalty system the nature the platform has allowed restart energy give back the community through the red loyalty system, through which producers transfer platform-exclusive kwt mwat holders. through the red loyalty system, every mwat that registered the platform will receive initial kwt charge from the energy producers upon completion the registration process. addition the initial charge, the red loyalty system facilitates the transfer the monthly energy traded producers the platform registered mwat token holder accounts every month, directly proportional the amount mwat tokens held compared the total registered amount. accessing large retail base customers, energy producers will able sell their energy price higher than the market wholesale price. year annual estimated red loyalty bonus kwt per mwat tge (token generation event) structure token price will create roughly million mwat. one mwat will worth usd cents) denominated eth during the tge. bonus the pre-sale tge starting date january thand will end february th, during the pre-sale period the tge, mwat tokens will sold applying bonus with minimum contribution usd. the tge sale will start february and will end march th, during day the tge sale period, the bonus will each day the bonus will down down minimum the last days the tge there will more bonus. acceptable cryptocurrencies for mwat token sale will accept eth, btc, etc, bch, ltc, xrp. the eth payments will accepted via smart contract. all btc, etc, bch, ltc, xrp participants need also provide eth wallet address receive the mwat tokens. token distribution the following how the coins are going distributed: issued: the coins will sold the tge(token generation event) team: will kept the team lockup structure for team incentivization advisors will given advisors lockup structure bounty will awarded for the bounty program token distribution team sold other token distribution advisors bounty use and lockup team tokens (%) use and lockup team tokens (%) them will available the same time for the public, roughly week after the tge. them will locked for months and will locked for months. the locking period has been put place order demonstrate faith the long-term prospects the token and project, aligning the team's incentives with the token holder's interest. token distribution and secondary markets tokens are distributed immediately after payment confirmation, via smart contracts, including btc payments, please note that the confirmation payments bitcoin network might take longer than ethereum. they will available for use days post crowdsale token launch depending the listed platform. token contract address will available and published only https://restartenergy.io only registered users that have passed kyc and aml will able see the token address the website. unsold tokens unsold tokens will burned. use funds restart energy will contribute the token proceeds for consolidating the current business supplying energy and gas households and companies romania integrating upstream integration through the acquisition operational solar and small hydro power plants. will immediately start activity other energy deregulated countries using the successful franchised-based, micro-entrepreneurial, job-creating, organic growth business model. the annual energy production the newly purchased renewable power plants (over million kwh) will transferred through the red loyalty system registered mwat holders, directly proportional mwat tokens held. the token proceeds will utilized for the development the red platform and the funds will used expand the red business model more than global markets. fig. use funds token economics year countries franchises customers red revenues usd energy supplied mwh energy supplied gwh mwat issued (mm) annual estimated loyalty bonus kwt/mwat roadm upstream integration restart energy planning acquire renewable energy production assets the beginning small hydro plants with ,,+ kwh yearly energy production solar parks with ,,+ kwh yearly energy production additionally, the company planning the development geothermal turbine funded with grant. the annual energy production will transferred through the red loyalty system. restart energy democracy platform development restart energy has already achieved development level the software components and process automation that will the red platform. further development the red platform for blockchain integration will include the energy exchange module and small adaptations for each individual energy market. the following applications are fully functional and use our personnel, customers and business partners: advanced energy supply and trading software with full process automation fig. snapshot energy supply software erp customer online crm fig. snapshot online crm registration page access link online client portal: https://client.restartenergy.ro/site/login front desk crm module fig. snapshot front desk module fig. snapshot front desk module agent/franchise/sales partner crm module figure snapshot franchise module myrestart mobile app restart energy developed mobile application for android and ios service its energy customers. the restart energy mobile app allows customers see their energy consumption real time (if they have wifi meters installed), send meter reading, view historical consumption, see and pay invoices, support, send messages and notifications, update personal info, view scheduled grid repairs and latest news restartopedia. fig. snapshot and link mobile app the application can downloaded here:https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=ro.restartenergy.app wattpredict energy forecasting software wifi meters software and integration with platform given below are the planned milestones the further red platform development. timeline milestone feb integration blockchain the red platform (internal) mar development peer peer energy exchange module (internal) apr mvp (minimum viable product) development (internal) may platform testing (internal) june product launch with selected producers/consumers (closed beta) aug country-wide launch (public) oct start world expansion (public) red platform expansion plan given below the expansion plan for the red platform, including the markets where want enter. the platform will fully developed and tested and expect start its global expansion the last quarter the year. until then, restart energy will continue its plans expanding the actual franchised energy supplying business the central eastern europe. the expansion plan was made taking into consideration only the jurisdictions (countries states for us/canada) that have least started the liberalization process for their energy markets publicly declared that have plans liberalization. given this, mention that the presented expansion plan subject external factors such changes the energy-related legislation from the selected countries other potential markets. financial overview red business plan for specific financial overview, present below the actual estimated revenues restart energy operational activity and snapshot the company's forecasted revenues for period. the business plan assumes the expansion red platform over countries, opening over franchises and attracting over million customers. doing this estimate that the revenues will reach .bn. usd posting compounded annual growth rate. year countries franchises customers red revenues usd energy supplied mwh energy supplied gwh mwat issued (mm) annual estimated loyalty bonus kwt/mwat *franchise incomes are only estimated and depend local market conditions and type franchise. edia coverage restart energy featured cnn and huffington post after announcing mep latest advisor https://www.ccn.com/member-european-parliament-joins-restart-energy/ https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/restart-energy-ico-adds-a-member-of-the-euparliament_us_afeebaeb restart energy makes waves with its cryptocoin huffington post https://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_aaaebcdbdbe restart energy welcomes iot pioneer dr. vlad trifa advisor http://dailytelescope.com/pr/restart-energy-welcomes-iot-pioneer-dr-vlad-trifa-as-advisor/ http://daemoniaca.com////restart-energy-welcomes-iot-pioneer-dr-vlad-trifa-as-advisor/ restart energy taps ldj capital and william davis iii for help with ico https://geekcrunch.reviews/restart-energy-taps-ldj-capital-william-davis-iii-help-ico/ restart energy welcomes susaye greene project ambassador http://www.digitaljournal.com/pr/ http://www.getnews.info//restart-energy-welcomes-susaye-greene-as-projectambassador.html http://www.-traders.com/blockchain-group-co-ltd-/news/blockchain-restart-energywelcomes-susaye-greene-as-project-ambassador-/ http://www.nbcrightnow.com/story//restart-energy-welcomes-susaye-greene-as-projectambassador restart energy democracy (red) disrupts the market with blockchain-based energy trading ecosystem. https://seekingalpha.com/instablog/-daniel-jennings/-red-energy-disrupts-marketblockchain-based-energy-trading-ecosystem-sustainable-future restart energy partners with bancor; integrates bancor protocol into mwat token https://blog.restartenergy.io/restart-energy-will-be-joining-the-bancor-network-by-integrating-thebancor-protocol-into-its-red-dadfbeeb restart energy partners with boost work blockchain https://blog.restartenergy.io/restart-energy-teams-up-with-blockchain-expert-boostit-fcbcc hacked.com's aakash kawale analyzes the red project https://blog.restartenergy.io/hacked-ico-analysis-restart-energy-eabdcd cnbc's jon najarian interview's restart energy's ceo, armand doru domuta geneva https://blog.restartenergy.io/iico-host-jon-najarian-interviews-armand-doru-domuta-ceo-founderrestart-energy-fbaab red geneva meetup https://blog.restartenergy.io/meet-restart-energy-in-geneva-on-december-th-aecece restart energy aims use blockchain democratize energy http://marketmadhouse.com/restart-energy-aims-use-blockchain-democratize-energy/ tech leader michael enescu joins red https://blog.restartenergy.io/renowned-technology-leader-michael-enescu-joins-restart-energyabd amazix partnership announced https://blog.restartenergy.io/restart-energy-amazix-announce-strategic-partnership-cbb restart energy largest energy company romania's western region https://blog.restartenergy.io/restart-energy-recognized-as-largest-energy-company-in-romaniaswestern-region-bfbec million german solar prosumers could mean big opportunity for red https://blog.restartenergy.io/-million-solar-energy-prosumers-in-germany-until--fdbdeca "the amazon energy here and red mwat the key this marketplace" https://blog.restartenergy.io/how-red-mwat-is-your-best-bet-on-the-future-of-energy-dbbba ethereum becomes de-facto building block for tge's, red stands benefit https://blog.restartenergy.io/a-review-of-the-restart-ico-and-whether-you-should-investacadae why red stands out pillars https://blog.restartenergy.io/why-red-stands-out-pillars-fefcf fossil fuels running fumes, renewables the way red can help https://blog.restartenergy.io/restart-and-the-end-of-fossil-fuel-monopolies-cedbac retail franchises decentralize energy restart energy leads the way https://blog.restartenergy.io/how-restarts-retail-franchisees-will-democratize-energy-and-power-thevalue-of-red-tokens-fbfdacc restart energy democracy platform will help ease pains government cutbacks clean power https://blog.restartenergy.io/how-to-continue-progress-after-the-government-cuts-down-incentivesfor-renewables-in-the-uk-energy-cadc france slows down nuclear power, goes green red can help integration prosumers into grid https://blog.restartenergy.io/france-is-leading-the-way-in-low-carbon-electricity-generationccddbadd restart energy's green certificates and turnkey expansion strategy, winning combination https://blog.restartenergy.io/restart-energy-democracy-decentralized-energy-trading-platform-withpp-services-going-global-bbe the red platform turns old green certificate ideas favor consumers https://blog.restartenergy.io/red-platform-will-award-green-certificates-to-consumers-for-usingrenewable-energy-caf restart energy and euro gsm are developing strategic partnership conclude mass market contracts for electricity and natural gas euro gsm locations. http://www.zf.ro/companii/energie/euro gsm-si-restart-energy-incep-sa-vanda-abonamente-decurent-si-gaze-consumatorilor-romani- http://www.bursa.ro/euro gsm-si-restart-energy-incep-sa-vanda-abonamente-de-curent-si-gazeconsumatorilor-romani-&s=print&sr=articol&id_articol=.html http://www.wall-street.ro/articol/companii//euro gsm-va-vinde-si-abonamente-deelectricitate-si-gaze-pentru-firma-restart-energy.html http://www.comunic.ro/article/parteneriat-euro gsm-%c%i-restart-energy-pentru%c%aencepe-comercializarea-de-abonamente-de-energie http://www.businessage.ro/stiri/euro gsm-%c%i-restart-energy-%c%aencep-s%c%v%c%and%c%-abonamente-de-curent-%c%i-gaze-consumatorilor-rom%c%ani http://voxcapital.ro/revista-presei-euro gsm-va-vinde-abonamente-de-electricitate-si-gaze-pentrufirma-restart-energy/ restart energy and profi moldova signs contract for the supply electricity commercial points. http://www.comunicatedepresa.ro/restart-energy/restart-energy-si-profi-anunta-o-noua-colaborarein-domeniul-furnizarii-energiei-electrice/ http://www.promovariweb.org///restart-energy-si-profi-anunta-o-noua-colaborare-indomeniul-furnizarii-energiei-electrice.html restart energy supports the future romania, actively investing help young people fulfill their dreams. http://www.comunicatedepresa.ro/restart-energy/restart-energy-furnizorul-de-energie-si-gaz-careajuta-elevii-sa-isi-atinga-adevaratul-potential/ restart energy becomes the official sponsor the association war veterans and veterans with disabilities http://www.comunicatedepresa.ro/restart-energy/furnizorul-roman-de-energie-si-gaz-restart-energyincheie-un-parteneriat-cu-asociatia-militarilor-veterani-si-veteranilor-cu-dizabilitati/ market analysis demonstrates the transparency restart energy prices energy and gas supply services. https://www.timponline.ro/pentru-facturi-mai-mici-la-electricitate-si-gaz-bistritenii-incep-sa-schimbefurnizorii/ restart energy offers http://www.comunicatedepresa.ro/restart-energy/schimba-furnizorul-de-energie-in-conditii-inediteprima-luna-este-gratuita-marele-premiu-este-de-un-an-de-energie-electrica-gratuita/ https://www.anuntulfinanciar.ro/schimba-furnizorul-de-energie-in-condiii-inedite-prima-luna-estegratuita-marele-premiu-este-de-un-an-de-energie-electrica-gratuita/ cable provider sat buys shares restart energy, the romanian energy and gas supplier with continuous growth path https://www.news.ro/economic/furnizorul-de-televiziune-prin-cablu-sat--a-intrat-pe-piata-deenergie-cumparand-actiuni-la-o-firma-lansata-in-urma-cu--ani- http://m.gandul.info/financiar/unul-dintre-cei-mai-mari-cablisti-independenti-intra-in-afaceri-cuenergie- http://www.ziuanews.ro/revista-presei/furnizorul-de-televiziune-prin-cablu-sat--a-intrat-pe-piatade-energie-cumparand-actiuni-la-o-firma-lansata-in-urma-cu--ani- miscellaneous mentions http://obiectivbr.ro/content/analiza social responsibility actions (hospital renovation) http://adevarul.ro/locale/timisoara/vechilor-saloane-maternitatea-bega-renovate-sponsori-manalarga-_cfdafda/index.html http://armandgroup.eu/ro/ut-enim-ad-minim-veniam-/ message contributors from restart energy founder restart energy legacy the world, it's dream creating transparent energy eco system that allows and encourages free and direct energy transfers between people that have the possibility choose renewable energy without limitations from sources they can trust. became the fastest growing independent energy company european country tapping into the vast potential micro entrepreneurship and creating new jobs with the restart energy franchise. restart energy's token generation event black swan event for energy monopolies; it's history the making. buying red megawatt tokens, you get opportunity participate great business success story while also gaining access the world-changing restart energy democracy platform the only platform that lets you send and receive energy, worldwide. faq function how does red work? the mwat token erc digital cryptographic utility token issued restart energy democracy, using blockchain technology that gives access the services provided the red platform software and the red franchise. this will achieved thanks the new service offered restart energy democracy the red platform. red platform the red platform software (red-p) blockchain-based decentralized platform for peer-to-peer direct energy trading between consumers and energy producers worldwide. red-p the software where users (and restart energy clients) can log and trade (buy; sell) energy directly (peer-to-peer), decentralized and easy use manner. users can get access restart energy services and can obtain and use electricity. red franchise the red franchise the first power retail franchise that makes simple and easy start and operate your own power utility company. allows token holders develop its own power retail business and earn revenues selling energy retail households and business consumers, red franchise the business opportunity that owners mwat can get access to. innovative, tested and working idea that growing rapid manner. the energy franchise brings the decentralized world energy one step closer truly free market the energy sector. mwat token use generate all tokens once? yes. once the smart contract created! what happens with unsold mwat tokens? unsold tokens will burned. will there secondary (non-red-p) trading exchanges for red and token? mwat tokens are received your eth wallet and they are used access red platform. you can sell buy them any the secondary (non-red platform) markets where mwat will available. kwt, the other hand, internal use token, that has direct report red platform representation energy unit. can refill any time mwat token with energy preferred price? each mwat token gives you access the ability buy sell tokens/month the red platform software. limited use the mwat token for certain market? you can access the red platform from anywhere the world and use the energy exchange, however, restart energy can only deliver electricity countries where the company will licensed private energy supplier where type red franchise deployed. can pay bills with energy stored the blockchain? yes! that the basic functionality, among others. the tokens that you purchase the red platform represent units energy that will deducted from your energy invoice you are customer restart energy red franchise. choose pay bills using the token, where can find the conversion rate? calculated live our platform. are mwat tokens consumed use sell the associated tokens? mwat tokens are not consumed used you use sell the associated tokens. how can obtain/use green certificates? consumers holding red tokens will automatically receive cryptographic green certificate for each mwh consumed from renewable sources. the green certificates will tradable secondary market the red platform and companies/contributors around the world will have access purchase them order support renewable energy consumption/production and reduce their carbon footprint. red platform use 'consume' mwat tokens get one-time kwt 'fill' the red platform? mwat tokens grant you access the platform (free), you consume the energy the form tokens that are deposited the mwat tokens, not the mwat tokens themselves. keep mwat tokens (on red platform) will get monthly yearly bonus kwt mwat tokens? yes, monthly basis your mwat token account will receive loyalty bonus the form tokens, provided producers the red platform. can sell mwat the platform any moment? yes, secondary markets! restart energy will provide access the red platform its existing customers only they own mwat tokens. owning the tokens gives access global energy exchange platform. restart energy won't buy the tokens back. red franchise use what type resources will received benefit from franchise? you will have the opportunity earn energy and revenues from running the franchise business. can upgrade city franchise regional/country later time? yes! the first three type franchises tiers are not exclusive, but for the master franchise, would offer such first-come-first-served principle. how will benefit from externalized service purchasing electricity? just like everybody benefits from free market principles, you will find the best prices the decentralized network, but even better, you can optimize your energy costs purchasing directly from producers and choose the renewable sources you want promote. isclaim isk and isc sur disclaimer and main risks please read this disclaimer notice carefully. please note that the disclaimer set out below may altered updated, any time whole part the sole discretion the company. you should read full each time you visit the site. all information provided without any warranties any kind and the company. and its advisors make representations and disclaim all express and implied warranties and conditions any kind, including, without limitation, representations, warranties conditions regarding accuracy, timeliness, completeness, noninfringement, suitability the tokens for any prospective contributor, and the company and its employees, officers professional advisors assume responsibility you any third party for the consequence errors omissions. regulatory risks the regulatory status cryptographic tokens, digital assets, and blockchain technology unclear unsettled many jurisdictions, herein included also the romanian jurisdiction. difficult predict how whether governmental authorities will regulate such technologies what tax implications could arise for the holders the mwat tokens. likewise difficult predict how whether any governmental authority may make changes existing laws, regulations and/or rules that will affect cryptographic tokens, digital assets, blockchain technology and its applications. such changes could negatively impact mwat tokens various ways, including, for example, through determination that mwat tokens are regulated financial instruments that require registration. the company may cease the distribution mwat tokens, the development the project cease operations jurisdiction the event that governmental actions make unlawful commercially undesirable continue so. the industry which company operates new and may subject heightened oversight and scrutiny, including investigations enforcement actions. there can assurance that governmental authorities will not examine the operations company and/or pursue enforcement actions against company. such governmental activities may may not the result targeting company particular. all this may subject company judgments, settlements, fines penalties, cause company restructure its operations and activities cease offering certain products services, all which could harm company's reputation lead higher operational costs, which may, turn, have material adverse effect the mwat tokens and/or the development the project. restricted territories viewing the materials available hereafter may not lawful certain jurisdictions. other jurisdictions, only certain categories person may allowed view such materials. any person who wishes view these materials must first satisfy themselves that they are not subject any local requirements that prohibit restrict them from doing so. the materials are for information purposes only and not constitute form part any offer invitation sell issue, solicitation any offer, purchase subscribe for the tokens any jurisdiction jurisdictions which such offers sales are unlawful prior registration qualification under the securities laws any such jurisdiction (restricted territories). accordingly, unless exemption under the relevant securities law applicable, the tokens may not offered, sold, pledged, taken up, exercised, resold, renounced, transferred delivered, directly indirectly, into restricted territory where would constitute violation the relevant laws of, require registration thereof in, such jurisdiction. there will public offering the tokens the restricted territories. you are not permitted view materials this webpage are any doubt whether you are permitted view these materials, please exit this webpage. the company shall not have any responsibility respect access from territories whose laws prohibit such access where any aspect the content the site may illegal. those who choose access this site from other locations their own initiative and their own risk and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. currency regulation risks governments are still grappling with public policy the regulation cryptocurrencies form settlement trade. governments adverse the proliferation the use cryptocurrencies local commerce could issue laws and regulations deeming the use cryptocurrencies regulated activity. recent weeks, countries such china and korea have issued regulations statements prohibiting token sales, the united states allowing only certified investors participate the sale while other countries have sought bring the sale tokens within the regulator control securities offerings. this could result holders mwat tokens being unable use their mwat the future without further regulatory compliance mwat. risks associated with use red token network use cryptocurrency exchanges can complex and subject stringent qualification requirements. there guarantee that the developers will able successfully create system that allows payment for services using global cryptocurrencies. the failure establish network will result decreased liquidity the mwat token form settlement currency within the red mwat token network. risks associated with crowd sale mwat tokens are not investment products. rather, mwat tokens serve specific function within the red platform software and red ecosystem, which the means access and purchase active energy lower cost. without mwat tokens, the general public may not access the mwat token system. there also expectation future profit gain from the acquisition mwat tokens. for these and other reasons, believe the sale mwat tokens does not constitute public offering securities subject prospectus registration requirements. however, public policy towards token sales changing, and conceivable that regulators may the future seek broaden the scope regulation token sales. this could make token sales subject registration requirements the united states and similar jurisdictions. the mwat token sale becomes subject registration requirements, this would delay potentially postpone the proposed mwat token sale indefinitely. taxation risks the use mwat form settlement currency may may not subject local income tax, capital gain taxes, vat other forms taxes. this uncertainty tax legislation may expose merchants and customers alike unforeseen future tax consequences associated with the use mwat tokens, settlement currency, and/or the trading tokens mwat tokens for capital gains. capital control risks many jurisdictions, such china impose strict controls the cross-border flow capital. mwat holders may subject these regulations and/or arbitrary enforcement such regulations any time. this would make the transfer mwat tokens out the local jurisdiction overseas exchanges unlawful activity exposing the user mwat tokens government fines other regulatory sanction. ctf and anti-money laundering regulations the united states has issued series regulations combat terrorist financing (ctf) and money-laundering activities. many other countries have enacted similar legislation control the flow capital for such illicit activities. the use crypto-currencies bad actors would breach such regulations. any illicit use the mwat token could seriously impact the global reputation the red token network. such event, not inconceivable that this could trigger scrutiny ctf and anti-money laundering regulators and potentially cause significant disruption the distribution and circulation tokens and mwat token the red token ecosystem. blockchain risks the ethereum blockchain, timing block production determined proof work block production can occur random times. for example, eth contributed the mwat token distribution contract the final seconds distribution period may not get included for that period. buyer acknowledges and understands that the ethereum blockchain may not include the buyer's transaction the time buyer expects and buyer may not receive mwat tokens the same day buyer sends eth. the ethereum blockchain prone periodic congestion during which transactions can delayed lost. individuals may also intentionally spam the ethereum network attempt gain advantage purchasing cryptographic tokens. buyer acknowledges and understands that ethereum block producers may not include buyer's transaction when buyer wants buyer's transaction may not included all. mwat token may subject expropriation and or/theft. hackers other malicious groups organizations may attempt interfere with the mwat token distribution contract the mwat token variety ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks, denial service attacks, consensus-based attacks, sybil attacks, smurfing and spoofing. furthermore, because the ethereum platform rests open source software and mwat tokens are based open source software, there the risk that ethereum smart contracts may contain intentional unintentional bugs weaknesses which may negatively affect mwat tokens result the loss buyer's mwat token, the loss buyer's ability access control buyer's mwat token the loss eth buyer's account. the event such software bug weakness, there may remedy and holders mwat tokens are not guaranteed any remedy, refund compensation. the project and all the matters set forth the white paper are new and untested. the project might not capable completion, implementation adoption. possible that blockchain utilizing the project will ever launched and there may never operational platform. even the project completed, implemented and adopted, might not function intended, and any tokens associated with blockchain adopting the project may not have functionality that desirable valuable. also, technology changing rapidly, the mwat token and the project may become outdated. the regulatory status cryptographic tokens, digital assets, and blockchain technology unclear unsettled many jurisdictions. difficult predict how whether governmental authorities will regulate such technologies. likewise difficult predict how whether any governmental authority may make changes existing laws, regulations and/or rules that will affect cryptographic tokens, digital assets, blockchain technology and its applications. such changes could negatively impact mwat token various ways, including, for example, through determination that mwat tokens are regulated financial instruments that require registration. the company may cease the distribution mwat, the development the project cease operations jurisdiction the event that governmental actions make unlawful commercially undesirable continue so. buyer knowledge and risks project buyer has sufficient knowledge and experience business and financial matters, including sufficient understanding blockchain cryptographic tokens and other digital assets, smart contracts, storage mechanisms (such digital token wallets), blockchain-based software systems and blockchain technology, able evaluate the risks and merits buyer's purchase mwat tokens, including but not limited, the matters set forth this agreement, and able bear the risks thereof, including loss all amounts paid, loss mwat, and liability the company parties and others for its acts and omissions. buyer has obtained sufficient information order make informed decision purchase mwat tokens. the project and all the matters set forth the white paper are new and untested. the project might not capable completion, implementation adoption. possible that blockchain utilizing the project will ever launched and there may never operational platform. even the project completed, implemented and adopted, might not function intended, and any tokens associated with blockchain adopting the project may not have functionality that desirable valuable. also, technology changing rapidly, the mwat tokens and the project may become out-dated. business risks the company plans conduct closings sales mwat tokens funds are received. less than usd received from the sale mwat tokens, the company may have insufficient cash implement its plans described below, and mwat token purchasers who bought the tokens shall heightened risk loss their contributions. the company's principal competitors may have greater financial resources than those available the company and thus better position attract talent, initiate projects and offer lower prices for electricity. the company's ability remain competitive may depend part upon its ability develop new and enhanced products services and introduce these products services timely and cost-effective manner. addition, product and service introductions enhancements the company's competitors the use other technologies could cause decline sales loss market acceptance the company's existing products and services. there can assurances that the company shall successful selecting, developing, and marketing new products and services enhancing its existing products services. failure successfully may adversely affect the company's business, financial condition, and results operations. the company's ability realize its objectives shall dependent its ability attract and retain additional, qualified personnel. competition for such personnel can intense, and there can assurance that the company's results shall not adversely affected difficulty attracting and/or retaining qualified personnel. the industry which company operates new and may subject heightened oversight and scrutiny, including investigations enforcement actions. there can assurance that governmental authorities will not examine the operations company and/or pursue enforcement actions against company. such governmental activities may may not the result targeting company particular. all this may subject company judgments, settlements, fines penalties, cause company restructure its operations and activities cease offering certain products services, all which could harm company's reputation lead higher operational costs, which may, turn, have material adverse effect the mwat token and/or the development the project. further on, any transaction concluded based this whitepaper shall considered random agreement (in romanian language called "contract aleatoriu"), meaning that the length and even the enforceability the rights provided herein not known/entirely know the moment its signing, given that the main rights and obligations this agreement depend one several future events and therefore any the signing party bear the risk winning losing depending such future events. forward-looking statements the company makes warranty whatsoever with respect the tokens, including any: (i) warranty merchantability; (ii) warranty fitness for particular purpose; (iii) warranty title, (iv) warranty against infringement intellectual property rights third party; whether arising law, course dealing, course performance, usage trade, otherwise. except expressly set forth herein, recipient acknowledges that has not relied upon any representation warranty made the company, any other person the company's behalf. this information contains forward-looking statements that are not historical facts, but relate its intentions, beliefs, expectations predictions for future events. some cases, the company uses the words "aim", "anticipate", "believe", "consider", "continue", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "potential", "predict", "project", "purpose", "seek", "shall", "should", "will", "would" and similar expressions statements identify forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements include, without limitations, statements relating to: our business strategies and plan operations; our capital expenditure and funding plans; general economic conditions; the trends industry and technology, notably about blockchain and cryptocurrency industry developments; our group's financial conditions; margins, overall market trends, risk management and exchange rates; other statements that are not historical fact. these forward-looking statements are subject risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, some which are beyond the control the company. addition, these forward-looking statements reflect the current views the company with respect future events and are not guarantee future performance. additional factors that could cause actual performance achievements differ materially include, but are not limited those discussed under this white paper. these forward-looking statements are based current plans and estimates and speak only the date they are made. the company makes undertaking update revise any forward-looking statement light new information, future events otherwise. forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties and are subject assumptions, some which are beyond the control the company. the company cautions you that number important factors could cause actual outcomes differ differ materially, from those expressed any forward-looking statements. due these risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed this might not occur the way the company expects all. accordingly, you should not place undue reliance any forwardlooking information/statement. all forward-looking statements contained this are qualifiers reference these cautionary statements. know your customer (kyc) rules: considering the anti-money-laundering and anti-terrorism national and international regulations, the company reserves the right develop and apply kyc rules and procedure before the sale mwat tokens, before the trade such mwat tokens and before during the execution any transactions the red-p; likewise, depending the findings such rules and procedure when there exists reasonable doubt that certain participant/interested party involved money-laundering terrorism, the company reserves the right refuse its sole discretion transaction sale, trade mwat any third party and also has the right refuse the access red-p and/or suspend such access any given moment. withdrawal right while deciding enter and entering into any transaction based this whitepaper the buyer/interested party hereby informed and undertakes will not benefit from right withdrawal from the transaction and his decision entering into such transaction final and under circumstance, shall given with withdrawal right.