the root infrastructure framework building the infrastructure for the next generation distributed applications table contents part context and vision message from our team background problem: the growing pains blockchain technology smart contract business logic capabilities transaction processing volume (i.e. "the scaling issue") difficulty implementation for traditional developers, companies and end users why this matters? proposed solution: the root infrastructure framework open standard ('rifos') the rifos the context financial inclusion what propose deliver rifos key components the rif token utility and its coexistence with rsk's smart bitcoin ('rbtc') why chose the rsk smart protocol layer our framework? part ii: rif labs the role rif labs the role rsk labs rif labs' activities behind the rifos development part iii: the token sale the rif token token sale details appendix rsk labs' history rif labs' founding team legal disclaimer this whitepaper for information purposes only and may subject change. cannot guarantee the accuracy the statements made conclusions reached this whitepaper and expressly disclaim all representations and warranties (whether express implied statute otherwise) whatsoever, including but not limited to: any representations warranties relating merchantability, fitness for particular purpose, suitability, title non-infringement; that the contents this document are accurate and free from any errors; and that such contents not infringe any third-party rights. shall have liability for losses damages (whether direct, indirect, consequential any other kind loss damage) arising out the use, reference reliance the contents this whitepaper, even advised the possibility damages arising. this whitepaper may contain references third party data and industry publications. far are aware, the information reproduced this whitepaper accurate and the estimates and assumptions contained herein are reasonable. however, offer assurances the accuracy completeness this data. although information and data reproduced this whitepaper are believed have been obtained from reliable sources, have not independently verified any the information data from third party sources referred this whitepaper ascertained the underlying assumptions relied upon such sources. the date publication this whitepaper, tokens have known intended future use other than the platform which under development. promises future performance value are will made with respect tokens, including promise inherent value, promise any payments, and guarantee that tokens will hold any particular value. unless prospective contributors fully understand and accept the nature our business and the potential risks associated with the acquisition, storage and transfer erc- compatible tokens, they should not participate the token sale. tokens are not being structured sold securities. tokens hold rights and confer interests the equity the company. tokens are sold with intended future use the platform and all proceeds received during the token sale may spent freely the company the development its business and the underlying technological infrastructure. this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus disclosure document and not offer sell, nor the solicitation any offer buy any investment financial instrument any jurisdiction. tokens should not acquired for speculative investment purposes with the expectation making investment return. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that applicable laws regulatory requirements have been complied with. participation the token sale carries substantial risk and may involve special risks that could lead loss all substantial portion your contribution. please ensure that you have read, understood and are prepared accept the risks participating the token sale before sending contribution us. the token sale and/or tokens could impacted regulatory action, including potential restrictions the ownership, use, transferability possession such tokens. regulators other competent authorities may demand that revise the mechanics the token sale and/or the functionality tokens order comply with regulatory requirements other governmental business obligations. nevertheless, believe are taking commercially reasonable steps ensure that the token sale mechanics and issue tokens not violate applicable laws and regulations. caution regarding forward-looking statements this whitepaper contains forward-looking statements information (collectively "forward-looking statements") that relate our current expectations future events. some cases, these forward-looking statements can identified words phrases such "may", "will", "expect", "anticipate", "aim", "estimate", "intend", "plan", "seek", "believe", "potential", "continue", "is/are likely to" the negative these terms, other similar expressions intended identify forward-looking statements. have based these forward-looking statements current projections about future events and financial trends that believe are relevant our financial condition, results operations, business strategy, financial needs, the results the token sale. addition statements relating the matters set out here, this whitepaper contains forward-looking statements related our proposed operating model. the model speaks our objectives only, and not forecast, projection prediction future results operations. forward-looking statements are based certain assumptions and analysis made light our experience and perception historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments and other factors believe are appropriate and are subject risks and uncertainties. although the forward-looking statements contained this whitepaper are based upon what believe are reasonable assumptions, there are risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors which could cause our actual results, performances, achievements and/or experiences differ materially from the expectations expressed, implied, perceived forward-looking statements. given such risks, prospective participants the token sale should not place undue reliance these forward-looking statements. part context and vision message from our team the document you're about read introduces the root infrastructure framework token (the 'rif token') and the root infrastructure framework open standard (the 'rifos'). described further detail below, the rifos aims bridge the gap that exists today between blockchain technologies and its mass-market adoption. also designed help and enable existing and future blockchain projects find the best way really create solutions using decentralized applications. this document not technical whitepaper, but rather summary our vision and how propose implement it. chose this approach because, aside from the value that can attributed technical whitepapers, believe that showing working product even more powerful statement what can achieve. rsk labs' reputation global pioneer blockchain technology speaks that end. the first rsk technical whitepaper, published our chief scientist sergio demian lerner november (the "rsk technical whitepaper"), described the first fully functional smart contract platform secured the bitcoin network using side chain with merge-mining (the "rsk smart protocol"). this whitepaper available for downloading here. since november our team has continued deliver that initial vision, opening the test-net version the public may and the beta main-net version january the latest information about the current state the rsk smart protocol can found www.rsk.co. today, the rsk smart protocol has become global project, led international team that aims serve the global community. are awe see how far our initial vision has grown, and are now focused sharing our vision and motivations for launching this new phase, with the hope that our community will inspired and will help fulfil it. our goal ambitious, and order achieve it, will build and leverage the work done rsk labs. this just the beginning our journey, and sincerely hope that can continue rely the support and contribution our amazing community around the world help take the adoption blockchain technologies the next level. sincerely, the rsk labs rif labs team background over the last years, the world has seen transformational changes the way humans, organizations and governments interact. internet permeated the way business, the way communicate with each other, the way entertain ourselves and forth. yet, this "information revolution" has not been equal across the globe. according pew internet, the global median internet penetration was but, the graphic below shows, developed and emerging economies have been impacted very different percentages: mobile phones, and particularly smartphones, are helping close this gap fast, and within the next decade over the world's population expected have access the internet through their smartphones. hard fathom the incredible social and economic impact that equal access information technology would have around the world. yet, while the internet has been revolutionary and transformative, has not yet been successful allowing people from all over the world exchange value freely. indeed, the exchange value still controlled few organizations, namely banks, governments and other financial intermediaries. open distributed consensus networks and blockchain technology can change this. since its creation many projects have been using distributed consensus networks and blockchain technologies bring true access, not only information and services, but also the exchange value through the internet. for the first time, there's technological solution that allows the exchange value among individuals and organizations without the intervention interposition centralized authority, controlling entity financial intermediary. problem: the growing pains blockchain technology since have seen bitcoin and other mainstream open distributed blockchain ecosystems grow become global force disruption the technology space and key industries such financial services, logistics and e-commerce name just few. the disruption expected extreme that many people believe the impact blockchain technologies the next years will equivalent the impact that the internet had the late 's. this potential for innovation and disruption has been the root cause for the exponential growth the market value bitcoin (btc), proxy the value that may created the coming years. yet, bitcoin has shown some growing pains that are still preventing from gaining widespread adoption and fully reaching truly transformative scale. these growing pains can summarized the following key areas: smart contract business logic capabilities the ethereum network and its underlying currency, ether eth, originated due the lack availability and support within the bitcoin network execute decentralized and rich business logic provided stateful smart contracts. since its inception, ethereum's market capitalization has increased from zero around billion, the moment reaching bitcoin's market value. yet, widely recognized that the bitcoin network has the largest infrastructure, most stable software, highest uptime, widest global adoption, highest market cap, largest liquidity, and access knowledge and communication with seemingly unstoppable network effect. bitcoin has today become the most secure and reliable decentralized network for the storage and transfer value. transaction processing volume (i.e. "the scaling issue") the bitcoin network has suffered several forks (some friendlier than others), most which focussed finding ways scale its transaction processing volume. currently, bitcoin's decentralized secure transaction settlement network has processing capabilities ranging between three six transactions per second (tps), around one hundred million transactions per year. these speeds, the bitcoin network can only support payments for approximately ten million users. the ethereum network has made some improvements this front, but can only triple the capacity the bitcoin network, which still not enough support mass adoption open distributed blockchain technologies. difficulty implementation for traditional developers, companies and end users very young ecosystem, the blockchain industry just starting show real use cases for the underlying technology. part, this due how difficult for traditional developers and companies deploy their solutions ideas fast and trustworthy way top blockchain. collectively, our industry seems represent solution looking for problem. believe should much easier for people (especially developers and companies) coming from other technologies embrace distributed blockchain technology. only when developers, companies and end users are able use easy interfaces, which connect their current worlds with distributed blockchain networks, will truly the path for mass adoption this transformative technology. why this matters? matters because believe that bitcoin and its distributed blockchain technology have the potential the foundation new decentralized and programmable network networks for the store and transfer value. internet value that could possibly change the lives billion people over the next decade. proposed solution: the root infrastructure framework open standard ('rifos') the combination bitcoin store value and the rsk smart protocol smart-contract processing protocol opens the possibility running distributed applications the bitcoin network, using the functionalities general purpose (i.e. turing-complete) smart contracts and the increased transaction speeds provided the rsk smart protocol. nonetheless, there were still several unanswered questions, such as: how can leverage the rsk smart protocol's smart contract and scalability capabilities bring distributed blockchain services mass adoption? how can solve some the key friction points that are preventing developers from being able leverage such amazing technology on-board millions users our ecosystem? what would need built achieve all this? mid-, these questions led start looking ways find that missing link between all the "core", protocol-level technology were building and the needs developers around the world that may, may not, know much about programming distributed applications. result that analysis, which included open and candid conversations with our large developer communities worldwide, decided tackle the problem developing and proposing unified set protocols, rules and interfaces for decentralized infrastructure services, including: data storage, secure certified communications, data feeds (i.e. oracles), name resolution and payment processing, among others, where: (i) most these decentralized infrastructure services might consumed utilizing single token; (ii) the development stack could open anyone who wants become provider these services; and (iii) all these components might run smoothly and integrated top the rsk smart protocol while protected the security the bitcoin network. called this solution the root infrastructure framework open standard, rifos, and the token used unlock access the services and functions within this framework was named the root infrastructure framework token, rif token. our solution designed promote fair market for distributed infrastructure services, which can provided any third party wanting benefit from the rifos and its growing user base, reducing the friction for developers that want create and deploy distributed applications but not necessarily understand the underlying technology. successful, this approach should significantly increase the adoption distributed blockchain technologies application developers and, through them, end users. the rifos the context financial inclusion financial inclusion something that touches our hearts deeply and motivates every day, part because all come from corners the world where have experienced first-hand the challenges that successive economic crises and inefficient and incompetent governments present the less-favoured. this picture shared across most emerging economies around the world, where only small fraction the population has access proper financial services, and consequently, the opportunity for improvement massive and global. believe that the functionality smart contracts, combined with the security and broad network effect the bitcoin network, can truly transform and improve the lives millions financially excluded individuals around the world. although the rifos open standard framework that could potentially applied for many other purposes, decided that our role igniters and initial developers the rifos should have clearly defined scope order generate true impact and focus. for this reason, our priority organization will focus use cases and applications that tackle financial inclusion problems. this regard, our goal act beacon for the vision that distributed blockchain technologies can (and should) improve the lives millions financially excluded people around the world. know this going long and challenging journey, but have full confidence our team, our partners and our technology and will count the continuing support our growing community. having said this, are aware that, with any open standard protocol, there are limits use cases other rifos compatible infrastructure services that may integrated into the framework and offered users. our role will however limited ignite the vision and deliver the initial version the rifos stated this document. believe that, achieve this goal and onboard more users and developers, others could add the rifos architecture and potentially grow unexpected ways, making the rifos true open standard protocol that could used deliver solutions for very wide spectrum problem sets, while leveraging the same underlying technology and ecosystem. what propose deliver the rifos will designed multi-layered development stack aimed making the deployment applications using distributed blockchain technology much easier and faster, and without the need provision any infrastructure services ahead time. plan accomplish this designing open standard protocol that allows developers integrate their products and services seamlessly within the rifos ecosystem, provided they are compatible with the underlying architecture the rifos protocols. such infrastructure services may run the developers themselves, third parties us. addition the technology stack, the individual components the rifos will designed maximize the potential benefits for those who want offer their infrastructure services within the protocols' ecosystem. particular, our protocols will include mechanisms trigger network effects and economies scale, with the hope that more organizations form part the rifos ecosystem, everyone benefits from that. the centre the rifos new utility token called the rif token. the rif token will generated and distributed through series smart contracts running the rsk smart protocol. (see "part iii: the token sale" for more details). rifos key components with any open standard framework, one key feature the rifos' proposed design allow third party service providers, who might want integrate and deploy their infrastructure services the rifos, offer such services users and developers participating our ecosystem. furthermore, new infrastructure protocols may added the future, either any member the rifos community, order enhance this open standard framework and offer greater functionality the rifos user base. any component (provided any third party) that conforms the rifos' design principles should able seamlessly interoperate with other actors, draw resources available within the ecosystem and fairly compete for users and business. our team has identified the following set core components, which believe are required fulfil our goal promoting and supporting distributed applications that target financial inclusion: secure business logic execution (smart contracts); scalable, high speed payment processing (on-chain and off-chain) protocol; alias system (naming services) protocol compliant with zooko's principle decentralized, secure and human-meaningful encrypted and redundant data storage protocol; secure blockchain-certified communications protocol; data gateways feed protocol; seamless integration core apps and infrastructure for application developers through standard api and development language libraries; functioning native token within the ecosystem facilitate consumption services (the rif token); fully integrated service (naming service directory service) compatible with the rifos that will accept rif tokens means consumption and give the initial utility the rif token. this first infrastructure service will also act proof-of-concept and model for third party developers, who may want explore integrating their services with the rifos. summary, aim create open standard infrastructure framework, which consists set protocols together with corresponding api documentation enabling third party developers utilize such interfaces and introduce new components into the rifos ecosystem. this open standard framework will contain initial working infrastructure service (i.e. the naming service directory service referred above) that will represent proof-of-concept for how the protocol should work. based this scope, the rifos would look something like this: https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/understanding-identity-blockchain-context-zookos-triangle-john- lilic/ note: refers the proof concept naming service directory service that rif labs. the rif token utility and its coexistence with rsk's smart bitcoin ('rbtc') explained the rsk technical whitepaper (referred part above), the rsk smart protocol uses native token called smart bitcoin ('rbtc') gas. this rbtc pegged btc, and the way rsk smart protocol miners are compensated for allocating their resources the network. this underlying mechanism will remain unchanged after implement the rifos, and rbtc will remain the rsk smart protocol's native token. the other hand, the rif token may used consume all the rifos services built top (offchain) the rsk smart protocol (in the graph shown above, these services are depicted grey text within the dark blue boxes which represent service protocols). summary, rbtc will continue used pay for the smart contract processing the rsk smart protocol layer, the rif token may used consume all the infrastructure services integrated with the rifos, and course btc will used for transaction processing the lower layers the stack within the bitcoin network. why chose the rsk smart protocol layer our framework? key component the rifos the smart contract layer, which will manage the relationship across all the protocols and services running top the open standard framework. believe that using the rsk smart protocol the first layer our framework both significant advantage and also strategic decision that will benefit the whole ecosystem due the following unique characteristics: bitcoin friendly believe bitcoin. support the bitcoin community and want continue the legacy the bitcoin pioneers. the lack turing-complete smart-contract capabilities has become obstacle, preventing bitcoin from growing its full potential. stated above, the rsk smart protocol based -way peg smart layer that runs top the bitcoin network using rbtc gas, which pegged with btc. therefore, the rsk smart protocol does not mint, nor does have pre-mined coins, and will never so. has speculative value and does not compete with bitcoin. rather, fully aligned with the larger bitcoin community. security first while impossible maintain the same level security the upper layers the protocol, care lot about security. this even more relevant when are dealing with financial inclusion, since most our users could not afford lose the value they hold within our ecosystem. the rsk smart protocol secured merge-mining, which means can achieve similar security levels the bitcoin network terms double-spending prevention and settlement finality, provided that bitcoin-only miners and bitcoin/rsk merge-miners have aligned incentives. although the -way peg security will initially rely federation holding custody bitcoins, expect move automatic peg soon the bitcoin community accepts the security trade-offs. scalability scaling key aspect making transactional costs affordable and suitable for performing dayto-day transactions. its current state, the rsk smart protocol has already shown its ability scale far beyond the bitcoin network (up transactions per second, which that the bitcoin network and least the ethereum blockchain's current capacity), while also reducing storage and/or bandwidth usage. instant payments being able offer fast, reliable and cheap payments system crucial order provide meaningful decentralized services the financially excluded. this can only achieved resolving the scaling issues that most blockchains experience today and one the reasons why solutions like the lighting network bitcoin and raiden ethereum have generated much attention. rsk labs has been working its own version lighting-like network (the lumino payments protocol), and the rsk smart protocol's carefully chosen parameters and new theoretical protocols (such decor+ghost) allow blocks created, average, second intervals, with low stale block rate, and additional centralization incentives. fast block interval enables the dynamic creation new payment channels when route available the off-chain payment network, therefore making the user experience the off-chain payment network satisfactory even under congestion. lot still needs done this space across our industry, but our belief that rsk labs' approach could eventually contribute the successful resolution this problem. rif labs propose support the further development the lumino payments protocol and eventually integrate into the rifos. offering viable alternative platform dapp developers finally, one big reason why are such proponents decentralized applications that decentralization brings system resilience and freedom choice. the moment, dapp developers have very few alternative options for deploying solution secure and reliable way. using the rsk smart protocol our underlying technology, intend help the entire ecosystem creating reliable alternative the very few already established dapp networks. this not winner-takes-all business, and the industry should better off there are several strong blockchains and development ecosystems for developers choose from. part ii: rif labs the role rif labs the rif token and rifos development and promotion will managed rif labs limited ("rif labs"), newly established company limited guarantee gibraltar which will operated not for profit entity and shall have independent advisory board established after the token sale. rif labs' goal will build the work already done rsk labs and further the growth the rifos ecosystem. ensure its long-term independence and focus, rif labs was set nonprofit, purpose-based organization, and its stated purpose is: "promoting and developing new technologies and applications, especially the fields new open and decentralized software architectures. dominating but not exclusive focus set the promotion and development the so-called rsk infrastructure framework ("rif") open standard protocols and the related technologies, the promotion and support applications using the rifos protocols". addition the creation rif labs manage and oversee the launch and development the rifos project and ecosystem, will also work ensure that the most appropriate long-term governance structure maintained introduced continue assist the rifos vision being achieved. the role rsk labs part the launch the rifos, and ensure that rif labs can continue building top rsk labs' secure business logic execution component (the rsk smart protocol layer) and scalable highspeed payment processing (the lumino payments protocol), rsk labs has agreed assign all its rsk-related ip, brands and knowledge rif labs. accordingly, rif labs will acquire all rsk labs' assets and operations exchange for percentage the total rif tokens created, which will include special lock-up provisions incentivize the long term commitment rsk labs' team the rifos project. rif labs' activities behind the rifos development addition being the driving force behind the creation and development the rifos, rif labs will use significant portion the resources raised the token sale promote the adoption this framework global scale, establishing relationships with third party infrastructure service providers, supporting application developers that might want integrate their specific solutions (with special emphasis those aiming solving financial inclusion problems), and generating global awareness about the rifos and its advantages. our goal help integrate many third-party infrastructure services and application providers the rifos possible, that eventually the rifos may look more like this: note: refers the proof concept naming service directory service that rif labs will launch, but note that there may other similar service offerings from other infrastructure providers running within the same protocol within the rifos. since the rifos will open standard protocol and framework, rif labs cannot guarantee that the evolution development the protocol will materialize shown the chart above, this not under our control. not make any claims promises, nor offer any assurances relation the proposed scope and development the initial protocol components the initial directory service. neither these development initiatives nor the provision the infrastructure, protocols services set out above are specifically guaranteed rif labs. that basis, rif tokens should not acquired reliance based expectation that the rifos will develop depicted the chart above, which simply provided example the protocol's possible future architecture. addition developing the rifos and the first infrastructure service (i.e. the directory service), rif labs expects establish network institutions and developers who share our vision and want become part it. order build out this network, some the strategies might focus are: fostering the creation "blossom networks around the world collaboration with local incubators, accelerators and universities, which are aimed at: supporting the creation regional research and development hubs. setting grants, bounties and prizes for the development specific use cases that rif labs might want promote. identifying and supporting developers and start-ups working promising new technologies which are aligned with rif labs' goals. expanding rif labs' local presence key regional markets and select financial innovation hubs promote and support the rifos ecosystem. educating developers around the world (and also companies and the general public) about blockchain technologies, the rsk smart protocol and the rifos, through series on/offline educational programmes run either rif labs training partners. building global network solution providers, including (but not necessarily limited to): integrators, training partners, software developers, legal security advisors, who are familiar with and will promote the rifos ecosystem. fostering collaboration with financial institutions, governments and non-profit organizations help develop solutions for the financially excluded around the globe. "blossom network" group people and institutions that are helping promote and develop thriving ecosystem for our platform. developing and maintaining multilingual versions all our protocols, apis and other technologies that might develop, making easier for users from around the world develop and deploy apps the rifos and help become truly global network. investing research and development initiatives, with initial focus the interoperability and scalability decentralized networks. part iii: the token sale the rif token the rif token intended utility token allowing any token holder consume all the services that are compatible with the architecture and integrated the rifos. such services may include third party-developed infrastructure services, and any other apps that might deployed our protocol that agrees accept rif tokens means accessing/consuming the service app. while will not limit prevent the possibility for third party service providers accept tokens other than the rif token (for example their own native tokens other cryptocurrencies), the integration with rifos will require such service providers accept rif tokens, since believe that having common consumption token option across all services will benefit developers simplifying their setup and avoiding distortions around pricing for the multiple infrastructure services that will required develop blockchain-based applications. the rifos may also integrate tools and mechanisms allow for incentive programmes (think bonus points loyalty programmes) for companies and developers that choose allow the consumption access their services through the use rif tokens. such incentive programmes will aimed generating positive network effect for the use rif tokens within the ecosystem. token sale details initial allocation total billion rif tokens will created rif labs the token generation event. approximately %-% will allocated the private sale contributors. the initial price rif tokens will set btc. further details relating the private sale will disclosed the relevant contribution agreements and associated documentation. approximately will kept rif labs, unlocked rate /th every month for years after the token sale and used primarily way promote and increase the adoption the rifos indicated this document. will distributed rsk labs' shareholders, founders and management team consideration for the acquisition all rsk labs' assets and ip, and way align the team long term with the rif project. these tokens will unlocked rate /th every month for years after the token sale ends, with initial cliff months. plan raise the equivalent btc +/- but reserve the right conclude the token sale any time after reach btc its equivalent such other cryptocurrencies that may decide accept. while don't plan public sale tokens, rif labs will initially earmark million rif tokens for early adopters the rifos through set bounty and early adoption incentive programmes. long term sustainability rif labs and the rifos and final thoughts purpose-based company, rif labs' future earnings should re-invested benefit the growth the rifos and its long term objectives. therefore important assess potential sources revenue for rif labs the coming years, the rifos built up. believe that the adoption the rifos increases, rif labs could potentially generate revenue from least the following two sources: revenue from the smart contract processing fees: the rsk smart protocol charges small fee rbtc gas for processing and executing each smart contract deployed the protocol. part the acquisition rsk labs' assets and ip, rif labs will entitled percentage this revenue stream. while initially this number will insignificant, the volume smart contract processing grows, this might become steady source income for rif labs. ecosystem partnerships: connection with the promotional activities for the rifos ecosystem, rif labs plans establish strategic partnerships different parts the world with start-up accelerators, incubators, education programme providers, event organisers, etc. these partnerships might provide additional revenue streams for rif labs. believe that blockchain-based applications can transform the way exchange value the coming decade. rif labs therefore proposing create the necessary infrastructure and partnerup with businesses and other institutions who will contribute help our vision materialize. hope you share this vision and join us! the rsk labs rif labs team appendix rsk labs' history rsk labs the creator and current owner the rsk smart protocol. rsk labs was founded and backed top-tier investors that are deeply rooted bitcoin and the crypto space. since its inception, rsk labs has raised over million funding. december rsk labs announced the launch the rsk side-chain protocol, the first fully functional smart contract platform secured the bitcoin network (the "rsk smart protocol"). the test-net version was opened the public may and the beta main-net version was released january you can read about the main-net launch here: https://media.rsk.co/bamboo-release-v---is-here/ and detailed whitepaper the rsk smart protocol can found here. ginger the public release the rsk smart protocol's open source test-net network powered the bitcoin network, the most secure distributed network the world. based latest tests, users shall able run their smart contracts protocol that could potentially scale tps on-chain and tps off-chain, thereby providing the scalability needed for global financial solutions. the source code available https://github.com/rsksmart you can also check network activity and tools here: rsk stats: https://stats.rsk.co rsk explorer: https://explorer.rsk.co rsk faucet: https://faucet.rsk.co rsk network status: https://twitter.com/rsksmartnetwork here selection the latest media coverage relating the rsk smart protocol: bitcoin based ethereum smart contract and sidechain rival rsk launches today (bitcoin news, //) bitcoin startup rsk launch smart contracts sidechain (coindesk,//) how reward full nodes? (youtube video devcon presentation, //) rif labs' founding team global project, rif labs has growing team collaborators spread all over the globe. currently, are over team members led founding team, which widely recognized the bitcoin and cryptocurrency communities being the forefront the industry and actively leading some the key innovations the space since have proven track record successfully delivering blockchain technologies and highly complex products. the leadership the rif labs team includes the following people: sergio demian lerner, co-founder and chief scientist officer widely recognized leading security/cryptocurrency researcher and serial entrepreneur, sergio has co-founded technology companies: rsk labs, coinspect, coinfabrik, wayniloans, asicboost, identiva security and pentatek. joined the bitcoin community and collaborated strengthen the security the bitcoin core discovering and reporting vulnerabilities. also proposed more than design improvements for greater privacy, interoperability, decentralization, scalability, and faster payments. sergio also expert software and firmware developer and has programmed and led hi-tech interdisciplinary projects. designed and developed several security systems with strong cryptography and more than different neuro-medical products that were government-approved and sold latin america more than clinics. has vast experience the development real-time medical systems, data acquisition, digital signal analysis, and algorithm design. holds computer science degree (uba, argentina). diego gutierrez zaldivar, co-founder and chief executive officer pioneer web development argentina and latin america since diego was also one the first persons foster and develop bitcoin and blockchain technology latin america, which has done since addition rsk labs, also co-founded koibanx, another blockchain company that aiming transform the potential bitcoin and blockchain technologies into real use cases, which serve driver for social and economic change. diego also co-founder the argentinian, with over registered members the meetups and members its online community and the first bitcoin centre latam. also president and co-founder the latam bitcoin ngos, where helped create network bitcoin communities with presence countries the region and hosts the longest running bitcoin conference the world (www.labitconf.com). his extensive experience includes being part the founding teams some the most well-known digital projects argentina and latin america, including clarin digital (argentina's main newspaper website), patagon.com (financial community sold banco santander for m), internet argentina (first argentinian isp provide adsl) and edunexo (provider saas platform administer public and private educational institutions latin america and spain). also held the position r&d head elsitio.com, where led team developers. ruben altman, co-founder and chief operating officer with long and prolific career software developer and entrepreneur, ruben previously co-founded software development company kinetica. his experience includes developing the first virtual supermarket argentina and leading the development pay-per-click platform for european company based london, where lived for years. ruben professor computer science ort university and holds computer science degree (uba, argentina). adrian eidelman, co-founder and chief technology officer with over years programming experience, adrian was co-founder kinetica (together with ruben altman) and was involved the blockchain nimblecoin development. also worked programming consultant for various companies (disco, tenaris, microsoft, etc.) and was process improvement consultant for baufest. was assistant lecturer administration and control projects classes university buenos aires (uba) and was founding member the agile methodologies community argentina and latin america. adrian holds degree computer science (uba, argentina) and postgraduate degree marketing (itba, argentina), gabriel kurman, co-founder regular speaker international blockchain conferences with more than years experience corporate finance and private equity. has been involved the crypto space since when co-founded multiple for-profit and non-for profit blockchain projects. addition rsk labs, gabriel also the co-founder and ceo koibanx, blockchain services firm for banks and governments. prior that, worked for advent international both argentina and the united kingdom where raised billion fund for latam and acquired the lkm laboratory. before this, also worked and monsanto argentina and usa. gabriel holds cum laude bachelor science economics (uba, argentina) and has postgraduate degree capital markets and financial services (buenos aires stock exchange, argentina). member bitcoin argentina and the bitcoin latin america foundation where co-founded bitcoineta project and blockchainhumanity, global blockchain social incubator. ariel muslera, strategic advisor for rifos ariel has over years experience venture investor, advisor and entrepreneur argentina, brazil and the us. july ariel joined the leadership team rif labs advisor help implement the vision bringing smart contract functionality and scalability the bitcoin blockchain and promote the use distributed networks way accelerate financial and social inclusion. before rif labs, ariel had extensive career venture capital and still remains board member properati (re tech) and unleash (inmuno oncolytic therapy), and advisor venture capital for the latin american venture capital association. the past also advised santander innoventures, the corporate arm the spanish banking giant which has $mm pool capital and global remit with fintech focus. ariel holds mba with honors from columbia business school and has economics from universidad torcuato tella. has lived and worked new york, sao paulo and buenos aires and fellow from the kauffman fellows foundation, class malcom palle, advisor and rif labs director malcolm palle chairman and co-founder coinsilium group, the nex exchange listed blockchain venture builder. multi-disciplined entrepreneur and early technology adopter with years start-up experience and background the mobile communications and travel industries. since malcolm has been active investor the mining and exploration sector with bias towards precious metals; was this bias that led him towards bitcoin and the nascent blockchain industry malcolm currently leading coinsilium's latest project, terrastream, which will initially focus developing tokenized model deliver alternative project funding solution for the mining and exploration industry. malcolm also the co-founder well-established investor communications brand miningmaven. eddy travia, advisor eddy travia pioneer investor blockchain technology startups and the ceo coinsilium, london-quoted venture builder, accelerator and investor early-stage blockchain technology companies (nex:coin). july following several years private equity fund manager greater china, eddy cofounded seedcoin, the world's first global incubator digital currency startups and, may was named among the 'top most influential investors' the blockchain awards. eddy has led early-stage investments blockchain companies around the world (including factom, rsk and indorse) and has advised eleven icos which have collectively raised more than half billion dollars. also regularly delivers keynote speeches blockchain and advises corporates and regulators. joey garcia, advisor joey garcia the financial services and fintech partner isolas llp, gibraltar's longest established law firm (). has co-chaired the gibraltar government working group distributed ledger technology and blockchain technology for number years and ranked chamber and partners one the top lawyers the world the space, well the legal accomplished financial services expert gibraltar. the gibraltar financial services commission has recently introduced new regulatory framework cover operators the blockchain space and joey has been involved this process part the working group. addition being advisor, joey also rsk's ambassador for gibraltar under the group's ambassador program. valeria bystrowicz, advisor part the blockchain technology digital currency industry group perkins coie, valeria has been the forefront the legal and regulatory frameworks related virtual currency and blockchain. native argentina who received her ll.m. degree from new york university school law after graduating attorney from university buenos aires school law, valeria has remained closely involved the latin american ecosystem and spends part her free time collaborating with entrepreneurs from emerging countries with the goal contributing the growth and strengthening their entrepreneurial communities. miguel santos, advisor miguel the founder and ceo technisys, leading venture backed digital banking company. the company has offices us, canada, brazil, mexico, costa rica, colombia, chile, uruguay and argentina and serves more than banks and fintechs touching more than million end users. miguel also well-known investor technology-based ventures with high growth potential, where can add value with his experience and network the financial services industry areas such digital finance, crypto, security and fintech. alex aberg cobo, advisor and rif labs director before joining rif labs director and advisor, alex was managing director latin america minerva project, overseeing outreach, strategic partnerships, media, and government relations. alex also founded his own financial advisory practice and served director deutsche bank new york and buenos aires. has also worked morgan stanley, initially capital markets and m&a and later the global high yield group new york. prior relocating the usa, aberg cobo practiced law cardenas cassagne law firm buenos aires. aberg cobo earned his j.d. from universidad catolica argentina and his m.b.a. from harvard business school. cesar levene, advisor cesar levene managing partner estudio levene, legal tax firm with offices argentina and uruguay, advising blockchain and crypto projects since estudio levene also represents companies from their start-up phase all the way capital raising and m&a transactions. mr. levene has master's degree international tax and trust law london school economics, uk, has advised several projects related with token generation events and founder crypto token fund.