ripio credit network global credit network based cosigned smart contracts ripio international limited abstract ripio credit network rcn protocol based smart contracts and blockchain technology, which brings enhanced transparency and reliability credit and lending. the protocol enables connections between lenders and borrowers located anywhere the world, regardless currency. reducing the traditional banking brokerage costs and management fees, rcn aims allow better conditions for both sides, creating better credit alternative than anything available today. including intermediary agent (the cosigner "), the rcn seeks neutralize the lender's credit risk and, case default, provide alternative mechanism for managing the debt collection the borrower's country residence. ripio international limited https://ripiocredit.network page context .a. the traditional banking system the financial system has been one the main actors the global economy for hundreds years. credit, one its essential functions, consists managing the savings population channeling these savings from agents with surplus funds (lenders) others with insufficient funds (borrowers). [see figure hypothetical scenario which bank existed intermediary agent, for credit transaction take place both borrowers and lenders would need to: become aware each other's existence, agree how value the risk involved the credit transaction, agree time-limits, amounts, and related terms, and finally, manage the logistics necessary actually transfer the money during the lifetime the loan. today, bank intermediation reduces these transaction and information costs, but with certain limitations. generally, banks focus their operations determined geographic locations, which makes difficult for people different areas connect for purposes credit transactions. additionally, large amount the world's population unbanked underbanked, and the rest are plainly excluded from the financial system. [see figure banks give loans and credit according their risk capacities, and result, some credit projects are too expensive undertake relative the would-be borrower's creditworthiness, and some are simply un-creditable under local banks' risk capacities. further limitation bank intermediation credit, the standard credit-granting process involves inherent bureaucracy the collection and dispersion information, which adds costs and ultimately excludes even larger segments the population. [see figure [figure formal saving around the world ripio international limited https://ripiocredit.network page [figure bank account penetration around the world [figure origination new formal loans around the world figure figure figure ripio international limited https://ripiocredit.network page .b. internet and the rise loans during the last years, the internet has produced radical shift terms information and communication, setting off accelerated democratization process both for the people who have access it. the new social technologies the internet have also helped expand the boundaries the traditional banking system offering novel credit alternatives, such peer-to-peer loans. these technologies helped the credit system move forward some key points: interest modernizing the whole credit-granting process revved up; the segment the population covered the internet-based credit system increased; the localization issue was mitigated, some extent; the intermediation costs were reduced, and thus the interest rates were less than most traditional bank lending rates; and the shift brought better conditions for both lenders and borrowers terms evaluating project's creditworthiness. the internet-driven shift was significant, but there are some structural problems still solve. first, the credit risk generally still assumed the lender, and not the platform. second, the credit risk evaluation process, though improved, remains asymmetric. third, the lender has only few management tools manage their assets. finally, the company behind the platform defaults declares bankruptcy, the lender has limited recourse with respect the borrower. this context, the lender confronted with binary scenario: its counterpart (the borrower) either meets its obligations does not. other words, the risk may too big and not diversifiable enough for given lender participate the lending platform. ripio international limited https://ripiocredit.network page ripio ripio (formerly bitpagos) has been described one the most promising bitcoin-blockchain startups latin america ripio means gravel spanish. just like gravel serves foundation for new roadways, ripio aims build new roads throughout the digital economy. new roads create new possibilities, and they are the key widening access towards financial inclusion for everyone. ripio's main objective democratize the digital economy latin america offering digital payment alternatives within everyone's reach region where remain unbanked. due its efforts toward the democratization finance, ripio was recently selected one breakthrough brands interbrand. here's what the global consultancy stated their annual report: harnessing breakthrough blockchain technology, ripio bringing financial freedom regions latin american that lack banking. sells bitcoins local currencies facilitate online transactions and easy peer-to-peer payments, and even extends credit--no cards, accounts, fees involved. ripio (which means "gravel" spanish) paving the road full financial inclusion growing digital economy. .a. the road ripio bitpagos started latin america's first bitcoin payment platform, offering bitcoin-based financial services for merchants year later, the company launched ripio digital wallet that enables consumers send, receive, store, and buy sell bitcoin local currency and make online payments thousands websites. january bitpagos rebranded ripio. ripio has over users latin america. .b. ripio credit ripio launched groundbreaking credit service (called ripio credit reaching the finals techcrunch disrupt ,[] and revealing the innovative service the world. ripio credit currently extends credit ripio users, allowing them finance their online payments installments, using bitcoin the transaction vehicle. this alternative credit facility available individuals without credit card bank account, and represents service that other bitcoin wallet company had offered before. out argentina-based entity, the company loans its own funds borrowers argentina order provide the ripio credit service. the company works with local ripio international limited https://ripiocredit.network page counsel ensure compliance with all appropriate lending, data privacy, and financial services laws, and the company currently provides ripio credit services only borrowers argentina. .c. milestones ripio international limited https://ripiocredit.network page ripio credit network credit network based cosigned smart contracts .a. the network leveraging the existing ripio credit application, the ripio credit network rcn leads the road towards credit democratization, offering solution traditional banking system alternatives credit access. rcn protocol based smart contracts that standardizes credit lending through blockchain technology. the protocol facilitates connections among several agents, each whom play role ultimately offer the lender better tools manage its capital, reduce the intermediation costs between lender and borrower, provide increased credit access borrowers, and, result, make more projects viable. the ripio credit network can connect borrowers, lenders, and other network agents all over the world, allowing each one them manage the credit their local currencies, long they have internet access. first, the rcn connects agent with information the borrower's identity agent who analyzes the borrower's credit risk impartially. next, the rcn enables the sharing this information with cosigner, who agent that provides guarantee the loan; the cosigner not only reduces default risk for the lender, but could also diversify its own credit risk guaranteeing number loans hence reducing (and some cases neutralizing) that risk. addition, the case default, the cosigner may manage the unpaid debts traditional way (e.g., through debt collection process). [diagram: the ripio credit network the time the network launch, rcn will consist the following agents: the borrower who makes credit request from its wallet provider. the lender who invests lending funds via credit exchange. ripio international limited https://ripiocredit.network page the wallet provider who generates smart contract to: (i) specify the terms the loan, (ii) receive funds from the lenders via credit exchanges, and (iii) distribute these funds borrowers and other agents, applicable and specified the terms the smart contract. the scoring agent provides credit score for each borrower. the oracle sets the price feed the rcn token according the wallet provider's local currency, which used determine the exchange rate between local currency and rcn tokens the time the loan executed and when subsequent repayments are made. the verifier verifies the borrower's identity. the cosigner who acts guarantor for borrowers, and who may act intermediary agent between the borrower and the local legal system the event borrower defaults. the credit exchange allows the lender's offer extend credit match with borrower's request for credit via smart contract generated the wallet provider. .b. rcn tokens although borrowers and lenders will likely prefer denominate credit transactions local currency, rcn tokens will required facilitate transactions among the other agents the rcn, further described below. rcn tokens will required access the rcn network given that agents' fees and obligations plus the corresponding distribution expenses within the network are driven the use these tokens. rcn tokens also act incentive each one its participant agents continue participate the network. .c. the smart contract the smart contract generated the wallet provider and executed when matched the credit exchange, contains the relevant credit terms, borrower obligations, events default, and signatures verifications from each the other agents, applicable. rcn tokens will facilitate interaction with the smart contract among agents within the rcn. each credit flow starts with the borrower who makes credit request. the borrower performs the request from its wallet provider, which has already integrated the rcn protocol, and then the borrower waits for approval. the wallet provider i.e. any entity that wants offer credit services its users via the rcn) adds information about the borrower and its credit request, generates smart contract, and then broadcasts the network. borrowers will only connect with the rcn through wallet provider. condition using any software services provided ripio the rcn, each wallet provider must warrant its compliance with all applicable regulatory frameworks for the jurisdiction(s) which the wallet provider offers its services, including any applicable lending laws. the oracle provides the service informing the exchange rate between any given currency used wallet provider, credit exchange, borrower, lender, and rcn tokens, any time consulted. the oracle will most frequently consulted the time loan originated, and during the credit life time order determine its installments. ripio international limited https://ripiocredit.network page verifier identifies each borrower and verifies that she who she claims be; this will prevent most fraud scam attempts and provide the borrower's identification information case default. scoring agent then analyzes available information statistically evaluate the probabilities default linked certain id. this same scoring agent could eventually gather the transactional information from the rcn blockchain (which open anyone day one) build credit ledger and track borrower's instances default non-default over time. the cosigner uses information provided the verifier and the scoring agent establish the terms under which will operate loan. the default terms, under which the cosigner takes responsibility for the borrower's debt, will clearly specified the same smart contract. the cosigner terms will added the smart contract, along with the terms provided the verifier and scoring agent, and the smart contract will then generated and broadcasted the wallet provider. the event default, the cosigner acts behalf the borrower taking responsibility for the debt amount specified the smart contract. the smart contract also determines the cosigner obliged make unique payment the lender will continue bear the expense the periodic installments under the original conditions. [diagram: the cosigned smart contract the cosigned smart contract then listed credit exchange including the information gathered this point. that is: amount, currency, borrower id, borrower credit score, co-signature insurance options, and any other agent borrower input permitted. condition using any software services provided ripio the rcn, each credit exchange must warrant its compliance with all applicable regulatory frameworks for the jurisdiction(s) which the credit exchange offers its services, including any applicable lending laws. ripio international limited https://ripiocredit.network page through the credit exchange, lender that holds rcn tokens can create trading order. when these orders match the conditions the cosigned smart contract, the loan will take place and the smart contract will execute accordingly. the rcn tokens involved will transferred the corresponding wallet provider, who will, turn, grant credit the borrower, upon turning the rcn tokens into local currency. .d. credit lifetime once the cosigned smart contract generated, the borrower bound the lender under payment obligation. the borrower has committed return the funds borrowed, plus interest, periodic installments single installment. the wallet provider also obliged inform the due dates and installment amounts the borrower. the total amount rcn used each payment will depend the exchange rate(s) set the oracle, which will oversee the market conditions and inform the smart contract exchange rates each particular moment payment. the repayment funds will flow follows: (i) the borrower will pay local currency terms the amount due the wallet provider; (ii) wallet provider will trade the borrower's payment amount for rcn tokens the rate set the oracle; (iii) the wallet provider will then send the rcn tokens the lender; and finally, (iv) the lender can decide whether hold the rcn tokens trade them for another currency. .e. rcn launch the time the rcn launch, oracle will live and capable providing its services anyone who accesses the network. additionally, the argentinian entity that currently provides ripio credit services will begin using the smart contract functionality described above provide simple, single-installment loans. initially, this entity will act several agents the rcn: the wallet provider, the verifier, the scoring agent, the cosigner, and the credit exchange, using rcn tokens interact with the oracle the rcn network. the entity will continue comply with all applicable lending laws argentina, where ripio credit services are available. once the rcn shows early signs favorable outcome (by increased usage), expect new agents will drawn the network. eventually, rcn participants could evolve their businesses build new products the rcn protocol take additional agent roles within the network. these new products would bring new users and participants the network, and new ways for rcn tokens used. ultimately, the rcn grows, lending can take place via increasingly more efficient, borderless network agents offering services ancillary lending that can programmatically execute via rcn smart contracts. .e.i. rcn token sale the rcn tokens will the backbone the ripio credit network. around the launch the rcn, and order undertake future and further development the network protocol, the company will conduct token generation event tge and crowd sale rcn tokens, where the rcn tokens will made available for sale. the ripio international limited https://ripiocredit.network page company intends start the tge october th, and will allocate total rcn token supply billion follows: the rcn tokens made available for sale connection with the tge will allocated follows: rcn tokens may sold purchasers before the tge. any remaining unsold tokens will reallocated and made available the public via crowd sale the time the tge. minimum rcn tokens will made available the general public via crowd sale, beginning the tge october th, and lasting until the earlier either the date rcn tokens have been sold, november th, rcn tokens will kept pool incentivize the participation agents and for otherwise bootstrapping the network. rcn tokens will held provision for partnerships, marketing, and future rcn expenses. ripio international limited https://ripiocredit.network page anticipated rcn network development following the rcn network launch and token sale, the company will continue use rcn smart contracts facilitate lending transactions argentina. the future, the company anticipates the network will grow, and increasing number agents will begin providing various rcn agent services jurisdictions throughout the world. .a. importance the cosigner the rcn network develops, the ripio international team views the existence and inclusion the cosigner agent significant and meaningful benefit the network's utility. the cosigner" will act guarantor for borrowers, and may act intermediary agent between the borrower and the local legal system the event borrower defaults. the cosigner uses information from the identity verifier and scoring agent and credit ledger determine the terms which the cosigner willing cosign loan. cosigner may group the smart-contract-based loans (generated the wallet providers) homogeneous risk portfolios order diversify them. this way, the cosigner will able estimate and predict expected loss for portfolio similar credit rates and use this information assign its fee cosign the smart-contract-based loan and/or add credit information the smart contract under various conditions. the default terms, under which the cosigner takes responsibility for the borrower's, will clearly specified the same smart contract. these terms from the cosigner will added the smart contract, along with the terms provided the verifier and scoring agent, and the smart contract will generated and broadcast the wallet provider. the case default, the cosigner acts behalf the borrower taking responsibility for the debt amount, according the insurance conditions noted the smart contract. the smart contract also determines the cosigner obliged make unique payment the lender will continue bear the expense the periodic installments under the original conditions. the cosigner intended one the key agents the ripio credit network. intended act reinsurer that distributes and reduces the lender's risk and, perhaps most importantly, also help improve the contract conditions the borrower side retaining access the borrower's local legal system. .a.i. regular loans: unbalanced loss the case regular loan, the lender doesn't know whether the borrower will have enough payment capacity the future pay off the loan not. the lender gets certain number borrowers sharing the same characteristics, will learn that eventually some them pay off the debt and some them don't. other words, regular loan, the lender faces random phenomenon, statistically speaking; taking the exact same action apparently similar conditions, gets different results. the following table, have borrowers that according trusted credit score assumption each bear chance default. the lenders are listed rows, the crosses represent the default events, and the columns represent different scenarios and successive loans the same lender. ripio international limited https://ripiocredit.network page [table loans scenarios table shows, every column has successful payments and case default, which means that the default assumption correct each the scenarios. however, the entire loss borne just one lender, who loses potentially all the funds invested. the last column some lenders haven't lost funds any the scenarios (lenders and and some lost their funds more than one opportunity (lenders and this example simply reveals the main problem most loans: the single lender cannot diversify the credit risk following the trajectory single lender many scenarios (i.e. single row infinite columns), would notice that the default rate would stay but there would still guarantee for the lender that the loss would expected. individual level, there's very little utility talking about the difference between borrower's expected chance default and the lender's expected position. what the credit system needs agent with enough credit volume use the statistics diversify exposure and thereby neutralize the default risk. order neutralize default risks credit diversification, the lender's risk each loan should be: finite the parameters the event default must clearly defined. accidental nature the lender should not have control the event default order avoid manipulation and anti-selection. measureable the economic value the loss should determinable. there must enough data available order evaluate the risk with high degree confidence. ripio international limited https://ripiocredit.network page independent exposure units should spatially and temporally separate from each other (i.e. one lender has claim, this should not affect another lender's claim). .a.ii. rcn: enter the cosigner rcn seeks solve the risk neutralization problem adding the figure the cosigner. order explain the role this agent, let's review scenario the previous graphic and add the cosigner: [table risk neutralization the cosigner table reveals, default occurs regardless the cosigner's intervention, but the risk has been neutralized. the lenders have traded higher but uncertain profit for lower but more certain profit. the risk and the surplus are transferred the cosigner, who collects predefined premium guarantee the loan. let's review second example, where the cosigner undertakes smaller part the obligation. this case, the cosigner stands for the ripio international limited https://ripiocredit.network page [table risk neutralization the cosigner (with lower premium) can see table the lender will lose larger amount his investment the case default, but his profit will higher there's default event. other words, the risk transferred the cosigner smaller, but the cost (pure premium) lower the lender side. fact, there can (and will) more complex scenarios. the cosigner will evaluate his participation the loss and ponder that participation when iterating and estimating his pure premium when undertakes his next responsibility. [formula pure premium (p.p.) estimation the cosigner the previous examples are simplified explain the role the cosigner agent basic terms. practice, the loan amount amount exposed" will quite different, and, the case default, the borrower may have already paid few installments, the debt for which the cosigner responsible would just proportion the initial amount referred "ead," exposure default the rcn, intend for the cosigner able manage the debt local agent the borrower's country residence, which enables robust opportunities for collection that may consist of: contacting the borrower via email, sms, phone, social media, any other means, inform the borrower the default amount now due. offering repayment reschedule plan the cosigner might incentivize the borrower make repayments i.e. agreeing not report the borrower's ripio international limited https://ripiocredit.network page default credit bureau) new payment schedule accepted and the repayments are made time. reporting the debt the local credit bureau (such equifax/veraz argentina and peru, cifin colombia, etc). this report enables local collection agencies intervene. taking legal action the borrower ignores alternate means contact, the cosigner could send demand letter, noting intention proceed with legal action. this demand letter meets response, legal action collection process can initiated. collection strategies, described above, usually result recovery curves such the following: [chart loss given default vs. recovery rate the inclusion cosigner can substantially reduce the loss the whole network not just the loss attributed the cosigner himself referred loss given default, "lgd" but also the loss sustained the lender. consequently, the cosigner should then able estimate pure premium, just like the traditional banking system does predict loss el," expected loss [formula expected loss furthermore, the cosigner likely has more capacity than the lender undertake any estimation deviation. the cosigner can use his know-how estimate the score that will included the smart contract and assesses estimated loss beforehand (that may may not exactly the same the future). this why the cosigner adds statistic safety margin risk charge order cover unfavorable unexpected scenarios; the more homogenous the risk, the lower the margin. ripio international limited https://ripiocredit.network page finally, the cosigner should able add amount over the pure premium cover his expenses and desired profit. such, can rethink the cosigner premium this way: [formula cosigner full premium components this formula explains how the cosigner collects his premium and reveals the components that factor into the premium. the same formula also works reveal how the cosigner might (i) deal with future default events unexpected worse scenarios, (ii) undertake the expenses his work, and (iii) leave profit margin participate the ripio credit network. summing graphically: [diagram regular loan [diagram loan with cosigner] ripio international limited https://ripiocredit.network page .b. the vision rcn use case [diagram rcn use case pedro, student from rio janeiro, wants buy car can more easily from his workplace leblon the federal university rio janeiro maracana, where studies. pedro requests loan from his wallet provider for brl (usd $,). the wallet provider generates, fills, and signs smart contract with amount request rcn equivalent brl and broadcasts the network, including terms such the interest rate and the number installment payments pedro will make. the smart contract then completed with data from the verifier, scoring agent, and cosigner. wang, juneyao airlines employee from shanghai, has cny (usd $,) savings, and not planning spend these funds for awhile. decides invest that money loan, makes order with few requirements (interest rate, due date, etc.) via credit exchange. the smart contract then settled rcn, however, the value settlement represented dollars ("usd") accordance with the data supplied the oracle. the equivalent usd rcn goes the verifier, usd rcn goes the scoring agent, usd rcn goes the cosigner, and usd rcn are transferred pedro's wallet provider. then, the wallet provider trades those rcn for the amount brl that pedro requested loan buy his car. pedro now committed return debt usd $,. monthly installments usd $.. thus, pedro agrees return amount that includes the commissions the id-verifier and the score provider and wang pays the cosigner fee. the internal rate return for wang slightly lower than and the interest rate paid pedro slightly higher than ripio international limited https://ripiocredit.network page summing verifiers get rcn tokens exchange for verifying the borrower's identity. scoring agents receive rcn tokens exchange for providing data related to, and rating, the borrower's creditworthiness. cosigners collect premium rcn tokens exchange for cosigning the smart contract along with the borrowers. when lender agrees the smart contract listed the credit exchange, rcn tokens that have, per the oracle, corresponding funds value specified currency the amount the loan, are sent from the credit exchange the wallet provider through the smart contract. finally, the wallet provider trades rcn tokens for the borrower's local currency and provides the borrower with the funds accordingly. .c. ripio credit network development roadmap milestone: testnet eta august description rcn tokens and initial network agents are deployed via testnet environment perform simple loans without installments and corresponding tests prior the tge and network launch. oracle (which returns fixed prices and exchange rates) deployed perform simple loans based smart contracts: i.e. loans without installments (zero coupon bond). credit exchange interface built into the rcn test-net allow testing interactions among lenders, wallet provider, and network. time-estimate month milestone: tge network release eta october goals oracle mainnet deployment. rcn token crowd sale begins. rcn development team growth. linking the current ripio credit product the network. description the oracle now functions within the rcn network and also linked the existing ripio credit product. acting the network's first user, wallet provider the borrower side, the ripio wallet builds simple smart contract-driven loans and broadcasts them the network tested the previous stage. rcn holders (contributors who bought rcn tokens during the crowdsale) are now able interact with credit exchanges connected the network and use their rcn tokens capital for these loans requests. ripio international limited https://ripiocredit.network page further development the rcn protocol documented and specifications are mapped out (agents, contracts, interfaces, technologies, etc). this stage includes the addition new members that will build the development team. resources technical architects, software engineers, blockchain experts, web designers, content managers, and designers. expected deliverables rcn protocol documentation (diagrams, written records, etc). initial network agents deployment (results report). time-estimate months milestone: full scale completion eta december goals implement advanced smart contracts, rcn agent interfaces, and sdks. description this phase will see the implementation advanced smart contracts and sdks. these additions allow third-parties join the network rcn agents. the rcn smart contracts now have the capacity generate advanced credit requests, manage due dates, and allow payments installments, among other actions. the verifier interface now defined and implemented, well the cosigner and scoring agent interfaces and their roles within the network. addition, the credit exchange implemented order support smart contract trading and represent peer-to-peer loans. resources blockchain experts, developers, project managers, devops, web designers, and designers. expected deliverables documentation advanced smart contract functionality, along with sdks for rcn agent roles. the smart contracts' solidity source code will published github and/or other repositories, including the release sdks and related agent integration tools. time-estimate months milestone: network development eta march goals build the rcn business development team. drive business development efforts bring new network players participant agents. ripio international limited https://ripiocredit.network page participation events within the ethereum community. marketing activities increase network awareness. rcn performance analysis (kpis, cost, metrics, stats, etc.). description the rcn project has significantly matured and ready grow exponentially adding new participating agents. order achieve this, ripio builds business development team that works with several strategies (pr, marketing, event participations, sponsorships, etc.) focusing the network development. resources business developers, marketers, growth hackers and business managers. time-estimate ongoing .d. allocation resources reach the development milestone goals described above, the funds provided sale tokens following the tge and rcn token crowd sale are expected allocated follow: the resources will allocated the development the ripio credit network, which includes hiring and growing development team, implementing rcn business strategies, and others related expenses. the resources will used for the legal, tax, and related corporate structure fees, and for potential liabilities the rcn. the resources will part the marketing budget promote the ripio credit network. the resources will kept for miscellaneous and other unforeseen expenses. ripio international limited https://ripiocredit.network page ripio international limited https://ripiocredit.network page the team behind rcn ripio operates behind accomplished team developers and marketing and finance experts, offering several digital payment solutions for various segments the latin american population. the ripio team sebastian serrano david garcia founder ceo former devsar ceo svp board member former payu country manager eugenio cocimano melody bohn actuary data scientist former risk data analytics banco galicia luciana gruszeczka andres fleischer compliance officer former devsar co-founder head operations admin former ibm admin analyst juan mendez bruno acorsi head growth content former yum yum videos content manager head support former head support accenture facundo rodriguez pablo lefort blockchain developer former full stack dev gobierno neuquen (arg) full stack developer former full stack dev gobierno buenos aires (arg) agustin aguilar controller former fin director schweber securities rcn core developers antonio ceraso cto lead blockchain developer former lead dev devsar and security consultant patagonia bank mobile developer former full stack dev garcia corado s.a. outland logistics ripio international limited https://ripiocredit.network page significant ripio investors tim draper dcg pantera capital fenbushi capital funders club huiyin blockchain ventures boost.vc medici ventures rcn advisors sergio demian lerner co-founder chief scientific rsk juan llanos fintech regtech lead consensys jeff stewart co-founder chairman lenddo ripio international limited https://ripiocredit.network page conclusion the importance the credit system one society's most accomplished collaborative efforts unquestionable. most great ideas would have never seen the light without sharing funds from different people. this line, the longstanding contribution traditional banks the worldwide economy must acknowledged. however, due traditional banks' credit selectiveness, renowned bureaucracy, and high-brokerage costs, the question now presented whether this system can improved. recent years, new credit and lending alternatives have emerged based the internet and technologies. these alternative solutions improve most traditional banking services covering larger segment the population and offering new project viabilities. still, they present structural problem that remains difficult for lender have diversified portfolio order mitigate default risks. rcn aims strengthen the solution provided most platforms and magnify its potential. based the ethereum blockchain's erc protocol, ripio will launch credit network operating cosigned smart contracts and connecting borrowers, lenders, and cosigning agents. the cosigning agent undertakes insuring sufficient volume credit transactions predict its own return investment, manage the debt, and collect the funds case borrower default. ripio credit network sets the stage for decentralized, trustworthy, predictable, and more efficient global credit network that can make possible for many ideas and projects all over the world come fruition. ripio international limited https://ripiocredit.network page references demirguc-kunt, klapper, singer, van oudheusden. measuring financial inclusion around the world. the world bank, [online] available: http://documents.worldbank.org/curated/en//pdf/wps.pdf global speculative-grade default rate slightly january; energy woes continue abate moody's, [online]. available: https://www.moodys.com/research/moodys-global-speculative-grade-default-rate-upslightly-in-january--pr_ chaia, dalal, goland, m.j. gonzalez, morduch, schiff. half the world unbanked financial access initiative, [online]. available: http://mckinseyonsociety.com/downloads/reports/economic-development/half_the_ world_is_unbanked.pdf funding change interbrand, [online]. available: http://interbrand.com/best-brands/interbrand-breakthrough-brands//sector-overv iews/funding-change bitpagos uses the blockchain enable credit for online payments emerging markets. techcrunch, [online]. available: https://techcrunch.com////bitpagos-uses-the-blockchain-to-enable-credit-foronline-payments-in-emerging-markets/ loss given default. shareholders information report. bbva, [online]. available: http://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/tlbb/micros/bbvain/en/r/c.html ripio international limited https://ripiocredit.network page