rivetz intl. wholly owned subsidiary rivetz corp. white paper june th, ver cybersecurity for decentralized systems prepared by: the rivetz team thanks the global communities trusted computing and blockchain who have provided the foundations for our work. note: this white paper work progress and defines the intent the company develop and market certain capabilities for the product. the implementations these technologies are built new models for computer science and security, and expected that significant changes will continually required meet evolving requirements. contents executive summary ....................................................................................................................................... rivetz background ......................................................................................................................................... the problem .................................................................................................................................................. cybersecurity failing mobile and distributed world ......................................................................... regulatory compliance.............................................................................................................................. internet things ...................................................................................................................................... the global attestation and identity network powered the rvt ............................................................. rivetz global attestation and identity network ...................................................................................... architecture ................................................................................................................................................ attestation core capability the service .......................................................................................... simple process provides powerful solution: ...................................................................................... the protection model with tee ........................................................................................................... putting tokens and rvt the device ................................................................................................ there are three different phases operation .................................................................................... the second phase verifying cybersecurity controls ......................................................................... the third phase proving the state the device for competed transaction .................................. enterprise/ individual ownership rvt will generate transactions: ................................................... oem ownership rvt will generate transactions: ............................................................................. service provider ownership rvt will generate transactions: ............................................................ cyber checkpoint operators will generate transactions: ......................................................................... building future utility micro-payments for devices .......................................................................... the application the rivetz solution ......................................................................................................... multi-factor authentication with provable cybersecurity controls .......................................................... assured transaction instructions for e-commerce transactions .............................................................. assured instructions for online and offline cryptocurrency wallets ........................................................ token project protection client private keys and process ................................................................... machine multisig ..................................................................................................................................... global market for the services powered rvt tokens.............................................................................. putting rvt work the next months .................................................................................................... the business model for security .................................................................................................................. the cybercontrols marketplace .......................................................................................................... property rivetz intl. the global attestation and identity network ...................................................................................... the cybersecurity controller ............................................................................................................... the application provider ..................................................................................................................... first generation rvt use ...................................................................................................................... the use promotional rvt tokens ............................................................................................................. detailed use cases ....................................................................................................................................... two-factor authentication with cybercontrols ....................................................................................... machine multisig with integrated cybersecurity controls ...................................................................... appendix token sale model ..................................................................................................................... appendix trusted computing and attestation .......................................................................................... appendix blockchain general description .............................................................................................. appendix about rivetz ............................................................................................................................. rivetz corporation................................................................................................................................... revision history first version published minor revisions minor revision property rivetz intl. executive summary rivetz building global attestation and identity network, powered the rivetz token (rvt), order improve the security the devices which rely. cybersecurity ventures anticipates that cybersecurity damages will total more than trillion globally, from trillion the rising cost cybersecurity reflects failure the security field offer solution that both simple enough warrant adoption industry and government, and secure enough protect our most valuable secrets and data. merely increasing spending without changing the way think about modern security insufficient. the existing tools: firewalls, virtual private networks and passwords all assume that the edge the network the network perimeter. this makes too easy for non-authenticated users probe and hack systems. rivetz developing technology push the edge security the screen the device. rather than password being the last line defense, individual devices can deputized broker access valued online assets. the global attestation and identity network intended record and verify the health and integrity the device using rvt and blockchain technology. this new service builds the last three years work rivetz creating the platform and tools simplify developer's access the trusted execution environment (tee), dedicated and impenetrable hardware platform that exists every device. protecting data created and consumed devices ever-growing challenge. estimates peg the number internet things (iot) devices exceed billion iot devices are the foundational layer, where data created. the iot industry assumes you can trust the data from the device, but most cases, this not true. rivetz, working with tee, can create the much-needed trust. the mobile devices today are essential decentralized data processing, but that processing can easily corrupted. focusing the device identity, continuously measuring the state the device, and enabling new token based business model, rivetz constructing new decentralized approach cybersecurity and transaction assurance. the rivetz solution for the global attestation and identity network built foundation combining two global technologies. the first the investment industry billions dollars trusted computing and global platform standards and the billions devices that have been delivered with these capabilities embedded. the second the revolutionary technology blockchain that provides the decentralized key management, immutable storage and micropayments decentralized basis. rivetz combining these two technologies demonstrate that provable cybersecurity controls are required improve the quality, value and trust data processed, shared and stored the internet. equally important, the rivetz solution intended provide the economic model for devices securely request and securely pay providers other devices for health and integrity services. the rivetz solution takes advantage the tee, which provides rivetz with isolated execution environment within the main processor execute code that cannot observed altered the operating system. this vault the processor enables rivetz store and process sensitive data, and cybersecurity ventures infographic http://cybersecurityventures.com/cybercrime-infographic/ intel infographic https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/internet-of-things/infographics/guide-to-iot.html property rivetz intl. assure that policy and controls are executed expected. the tee measured environment that can verified and proven operating reference condition. tee capabilities have been available both arm and intel architecture processors world-wide for many years. rivetz intends introduce the rvt, cybersecurity token that can enable the registration devices and attest their cybersecurity controls. the rvt integral delivering automated device-to-service device-to-device payment for the consumption the cybersecurity service and eventually other permissioned services. planned assist the owner the device forensically prove verified cyber controls are place when transaction executed. the key increasing the utilization trusted computing technology business model that supports ecosystem for security service. the rivetz network designed support secure procurement services, with trusted mechanism for inexpensive automatic micro-payment. rivetz plans show how the rvt could bring these new business models the device for the delivery and consumption modern machine-to-machine procurement services. the goal provide source payment (the rvt) that bound the owner's policy assuring that only approved service providers are paid. the rvt model provides operational role and business role. the operational role will intended evolve the technology moves from simple use full integration into bitcoin and ether. the technology efficiently integrate the solution has been prototyped, but some the core capabilities used are still only the mainstream blockchain roadmap. rivetz plans invest the technology operate and integrate the rvt into critical use cases. the goal that every token and chain can take advantage the cybersecurity controls that rivetz enables. note that guarantee can made that the goal will achieved, based factors including competition with other solutions and changes technology. the rivetz team brings years experience and leadership trusted computing and blockchain technologies. rivetz's established team has secured over million dollars contracted revenue from the u.s. government for other projects. rivetz has operational technology currently compatible with over million mobile phones well existing non-blockchain capabilities for multifactor authentication, embedded authentication, file encryption and secure messaging. the company leadership was part the founding the trusted computing group and has been active blockchain cybersecurity contributor since every single day cybersecurity software proves unsuccessful stopping attacks. malware, malicious users, and targeted attacks create massive risk. for industry, government and consumers realize cybersecurity success, they must begin with foundation built trusted hardware execution. the rivetz plan intended monetize and implement solutions that deliver cybersecurity from the birth the device the confirmation transactions for any service iot device. today, dozens new token-enabled services are being developed; rivetz working provide secure automated mechanism support micro-payment for those services. metered access services and capabilities could generate new revenue streams and new markets serve the forecasted future billion dollar iot device market. blockchain has created new foundation for value transfer the internet. trusted computing has created the foundation for protected execution device. rivetz building the network put all work, empowering new market and new revenue for decentralized network secure devices and services. property rivetz intl. rivetz background rivetz "first-mover" with patent pending cybersecurity services and capabilities that leverage the trusted execution environment (tee). providing vault isolate and protect keys and encrypted material from apps, malware, users, and hackers, rivetz focused providing truly safe experience for accessing all digital services maximizing the quality and value the provider-to-subscriber relationship. rivetz has been building this technical foundations for years and has existing contracts with the u.s. government. the technical models for attestation have been part global standards from the european union oasis nist for many years but the economic model has been missing support this ecosystem. rivetz' leadership has been part the governance this industry for the last years, driving the adoption trusted computing hardware and developing the technology services and economic models put trusted computing work. rivetz's existing platform provides unique set market-leading solutions that have already generated over million dollars recent contract awards. rivetz' services and solutions can leveraged application development partners and service provides enhance the value subscribers their systems. the company has strategic relationship with trustonic, giving access over billion devices already the field. rivetz has also initiated discussions with major, established technology companies support their commercial tee solutions and potentially add billions more devices that can utilize the company's capabilities. rivetz has invested over years executing well-thought-out and novel strategy create the market and capitalize this substantial opportunity. the company was awarded government contract and was further awarded sbir contract the department homeland security (dhs) science and technology (s&t) directorate. simplifying the user experience and assuring that information delivered intended, rivetz has designed solution that could unlock new models and services and provide value users for years come. rivetz believes has the short-term tactical plan quickly engage customers drive revenue, and the long-term vision unlock the full potential the technology which will produce game changing market opportunity. one the great challenges trusted computing providing the proof that the tee what says is. the purpose this paper and the launch the rvt put the last years and hundreds millions dollars research work leveraging blockchain technology prove the measured portions device have not been altered. rivetz's existing solutions and application enable protection keys and protection for messages, and provide solid starter platform deliver the real cyber security control attestation the health and identity the device that creates secure message instruction. the rivetz solution contemplated with the rvt further intended provide cyber security based math that can prove that measurements made have not changed over time. there are silver bullets cyber security, and everything vulnerable, but these tools represent simple integrated cyber controls that rivetz believes are world-class and military grade. rivetz's founders have played critical role the creation, development, and adoption trusted computing. the innovation blockchain, when combined with the innovation trusted computing, could enable transformation new paradigm that delivers safe, secure and private experience for digital services. rivetz building the platform, tools, and services order enable this distributed and property rivetz intl. decentralized cybersecurity control and microtransaction model meter its use core infrastructure for the digital future. rivetz built reference architecture validate the health and integrity the device integral part the transaction blockchain, delivering decentralized cybersecurity control providing proof that the device' internal and external controls were reference condition prior the completion specific transaction. https://youtu.be/xug-ucmzjy the following discussion explains how rivetz intends use new token enable the administration and operational security required accelerate the use these solutions the global market, ushering the new paradigm for cybersecurity architecture. the global attestation and identity network has the potential accelerate the transition from the existing network security solutions new model built the assurance that the connected and measured devices are performing transactions the user intends. rivetz's view, this not only essential for bold new world utilizing crypto currencies, but transforms data and network security well. property rivetz intl. the problem information assurance, confirmation that information device has not changed, one the biggest challenges modern computer science. the evolution the network, common access and the use services has changed rapidly over the last years. cybersecurity protections have struggled keep up. cybersecurity failing mobile and distributed world with rapidly evolving computer and mobile systems cybersecurity, the old models software only security software always one step behind the bad guys. antivirus solutions built for enterprises and personal computer networks cannot address the rapidly growing mobile and iot markets. legacy security systems developed for desktop pcs and in-house networks were not designed for real-time, mobile device driven world where sensitive information flows across public network systems largely unknown devices outside the conventional network boundaries enterprises, organizations, and government agencies. cybersecurity and privacy are often odds. strong trust the device provides the safe place tokenize services and dramatically enhance the privacy transactions and data. cybersecurity has failed keep pace with evolving threats caused the increasing use mobile devices, blockchains, smart contracts, iot and cloud computing. blockchains and smart contracts require new model for cybersecurity protect private keys and instructions. software-based security models focused monitoring and detection have added complexity, frustrating users, while failing prevent cyber-attacks. cyber-attacks have been pervasive and have diminished the value and quality services that could otherwise delivered, thus hindering growth the digital services market and limiting the value subscribers service providers. ginni rometty, ibm's chairman, president and ceo, said, "cyber-crime the greatest threat every company the world." and she right. during the next five years, cyber-crime might become the greatest threat every person, place and thing the world. adm. mike rogers, commander the cyber command and director the national security agency, said "there are only two types organizations: those that know that they've been hacked and those that don't yet know." regulatory compliance another growing challenge regulations. for example, the european union gdpr "general data protection regulation" can fine companies their gross revenue for data breach. gdpr goes into effect may giving businesses around the world chance prepare for compliance, review data protection language contracts, consider transitioning global standards least compliant the gdpr, update their privacy policies, and review marketing plans, efforts which will continue long after the gdpr effective date. the reach california's data protection law, sb, has been extended such that not only important prove that encryption was enabled lost device but also that its credential systems have not been compromised. property rivetz intl. the measurement the capabilities and integrity the device assures that only known devices, with known capabilities and known users are consuming creating provable data. existing guidance from many nist publications require these capabilities future systems (nist sp-, nist -., nist cybersecurity framework, and others). the global ecosystem trusted computing devices and specifications has been deployed meet the challenge but lacks economic model that facilitates implementation. rivetz's global attestation and identity network (gain) assures the identity and integrity the end device and assures the device cannot lie about its capabilities. rivetz's proposed solution will intended automate one the hard problems information assurance, namely proof that control was place the time was required. equally important, the rivetz solution designed include economic model micro-payments driving adoption. internet things the internet things (iot) projected many represent one the fastest growth areas new global commerce for the next years. forecasts estimate trillion revenue linking billion things with perhaps trillion sensors. the exciting thing about the iot forecast the next five years are only the beginning. indeed, forecasters believe growth will rapidly accelerate shortly after companies recognize the huge benefits from iot. today there virtually provable security for the end-point device being used iot. the end-point critical because most vulnerable, generally operates without human intervention, and, importantly, the source for decisions the rest the system. the entire iot system assumes the end-point truthfully reporting accurate data. rivetz's proposed solution creates compelling business case for the manufacturer the iot device include security the box. this supplies major element that missing from iot today. property rivetz intl. the global attestation and identity network powered the rvt the innovations devices and the addition trusted computing has attracted huge commitment time and resources industry and provides critical component the solution. the revolution blockchain and the decentralized controls and keys combine make new infrastructure for trust built math and signatures and not human promises. together these technologies provide the platform enable new paradigm for cybersecurity. the rvt token designed explore the full value the paradigm, order deliver not only the cybersecurity controls assure known device known condition with known user produced consumed provable data, but also assure that the device can trusted follow the policies the owner and procure services automatically. the rvt token has the potential play role providing core infrastructure component for provable cybersecurity controls. the merging trusted computing and blockchain can change how modern business models and capabilities are delivered automating the continuous validation cybercontrols part authentication, secure messaging and secure instructions. higher utility services can created and delivered the device prevented from lying and stealing. the evolution technology alive and well and ai, bots, big data, iot, and other big ideas will benefit from better cybersecurity and utilitybased business model. rivetz global attestation and identity network rivetz has vision global ecosystem cybersecurity checkpoints empowered blockchain microtransaction model. the decentralized network cyber-checkpoints enforces the policies the owner the device specifies, assuring only known devices known condition are allowed access and process sensitive information. the decentralized network tee enabled devices supervises and enforces the owner's policies for utility service microtransactions assuring only the services requested are settled rvt. the decentralized systems the world need provable cybersecurity controls assert that certain data real and reliable. the rvt intended provide operational security and enable the business model for integrity validation and attestation transactions real time. rvt utility token used the owner the device and service providers assert that transaction was sent measured system reference condition. the spend rvt token can locked tee enforced policy device and can only used according the rules the owner sets, dramatically reducing the risk theft misuse. what health device? the trusted execution environment provides isolated execution code the main processor. when the tee powered on, the code that executed inside the tee signed and the signatures are verified before any code executes. each step verifies the signature the next step before runs. designed, this chain trust guarantees the "integrity" the code verified. the last signature "the health" the device can checked assuring nothing has been changed. the rvt token purpose designed integrate with the data structures and methods that are required the trusted computing group and global platform standards assure that devices have provable capabilities. these technologies are standards-based, have been developed over the last years, and have been shipping new devices globally for over years. the systems are based hashes and digital signatures but like any technology have their unique models well. blockchain technology provides great fit and many the capabilities have already been fully integrated simplifying the level resources required support different solutions. more data the details trusted computing included appendix property rivetz intl. architecture the rivetz architecture designed deliver provable cyber-controls for the owner the devices ranging from pcs smartphones "things". the solution operates decentralized trust model providing the proof the owner needs without having trust third party services sites back the claims made. the solution provides embedded utility token provide secure settlement for services from known provable service providers. different devices have the potential for varying levels assurance. the rivetz architecture designed flexibly adapt these variances. attestation core capability the service rvt tokens provide new approach the blockchain market designed assure attestation and policy are fully integrated into the process. the tee provides the policy enforcement the device assure the rules are followed. the processing the token designed verify the integrity the tee assuring the policy was place. symbiotic linkage that intended embed the information necessary prove that known device known condition with known user produced provable instruction with strong privacy controls. primary goal that privacy protected and all device-controlled transactions will only occur between parties known the owner the device. the identity information tokenized order seek assure tracking transactions chain not bound specific service. however, the rvt token will require that all parties are identified the owner the device reducing the risk that malware can extract value from the automated systems. simple process provides powerful solution: the protection model with tee the tee provides the protected application policy that governs the use key rvt token. once rvt passed the tee protected private keys can only transferred the device owner's instructions meet policy. the owner the device the administrator the rivetz policy controls the tee and defines the process the owner expects followed. reduce the risk compromised instructions, the process integrates attestation test and prevents transfer rvt the health the policy violated its enforcement cannot verified. putting tokens and rvt the device the device provisioned with rvt tokens and the owner the device determines the policies that are place and required before the tee can use any those tokens. the tee policy can altered the owner the device locally remotely any time depending the requirements for compliance the tee will always follow policy transfer the tokens and such instruction will always include verification that the tee reference condition. this prevents any tokens from being transferred the machine without the owner-approved policy being applied. there are three different phases operation property rivetz intl. the first phase registration reference health step the device paired with the cybercontrols marketplace step the device calculates its internal health and integrity hash and prepares have the manufacturer signatures for the core root trust verified the cybercontrols marketplace step the cybercontrols marketplace executes owner-provided script validate any external controls, enterprise cloud. also verifies the manufacturer core root trust signatures are valid for the internal device tests. the external health hash returned the device. the rvt will used obtain these services required. step the device uses rvt token seal the combined internal and external health hash and record this reference health measurement the global attestation and identity network. there microtransaction required perform this service. the device records the location the health hash for later use. property rivetz intl. the second phase verifying cybersecurity controls step the user selects service that requires health check and the device creates unique transaction id. step the device performs internal real-time test and external real-time test and calculates combined real-time health. step the device seals the combined real-time health hash with the reference health hash locator with rvt token and transmits the request cybersecurity controller for verification match. step the cybersecurity controller retrieves the reference health hash and compares the real-time health hash. they match, the device can said reference condition. step the cybersecurity controller delivers the logged event with transaction the global attestation and identity network and the results the verification logged the application appropriate. property rivetz intl. the third phase proving the state the device for competed transaction step request made audit transaction. step the transaction used locate the logged event and verify the test was true step the reference health hash received. step the owner provides the cybercontrols marketplace the hash and the transaction that was used create the external hash and the process executed calculate the internal hash. the cybercontrols marketplace will verify the math and generate transaction report for the owner proving the controls that where measured prior the execution the transaction. there are many capabilities that may provide future expansion for service delivery and enhance the functionality the network and the utility the rvt token turn. the rvt could used many members the network, and expected that services will grow over time. enterprise/ individual ownership rvt will generate transactions: register owner account register the identity their devices from thousands record reference integrity measurements manage policies the device for access and use services administer access logged compliance and encryption data update and remove devices property rivetz intl. manage and make global micropayments for service have access use the rivet network oem ownership rvt will generate transactions: record and secure reference core root trust for the health measurement (i.e., device birth certificate) establish identity for settlement manage micropayments for device supply chain validation service provider ownership rvt will generate transactions: route traffic public cyber checkpoint prepay for validations perk users manage cloud encryption service cyber checkpoint operators will generate transactions: operate cyber checkpoint collect micropayments for service enable secure logging data offer new services building future utility micro-payments for devices the rvt token intended provide device with mechanism for obtaining decentralized services. devices need such strong mechanism for automated access and for use-as-you-consume model for extremely small transactions. the rvt token designed cooperate with the tee provide the security and transaction models required. history has shown that metering-based models are easily abused and fraud hard detect. realize the incredible future billions devices internet things, the internet will need mechanism for ensuring that devices can trusted. rivetz believes that the gain achieves the unique balance between privacy and security control. the rvt token enables device initiate automated microtransactions that are supervised and verified the tee and the cyber checkpoint. the token designed have multiple controls embedded the owner, the device, and the checkpoint part the end-to-end recording the settlement. these controls provide foundation for broad class utility payments that devices might require from storage processing replacement. the attestation capabilities developed rivetz are core building block enable automated transactions. property rivetz intl. the application the rivetz solution rivetz has developed several internal services that leverage the attestation architecture and generalpurpose developer environment that will enable integration these capabilities into any third-party applications. the rivetz solution designed operate across the market and support isolated execution both arm and intel architecture devices. simple applications provide the foundation that will enable more advanced solutions the future. rivetz expects partner with several the existing and emerging token projects assure cybersecurity built-in from the beginning. most token projects have private key that could benefit from new models protection from theft misuse. the clear benefits for the services are stronger protections private keys and critical functions within the trusted execution boundaries and new model for integration enterprise controls for decentralized networks. following are descriptions few general-purpose use cases. multi-factor authentication with provable cybersecurity controls many companies have implemented multifactor authentication part their projects. rivetz provides the tools enhance these solutions using provable hardware security. the attestation services will enable integration external checks such geolocation and enterprise status verified before authentication confirmed the service. rivetz supports capability today and this will the initial service support the rvt token capability with full attestation support. more detailed description included the end the document assured transaction instructions for e-commerce transactions rivetz participating the nist nccoe for retail e-commerce. attestation can assure that the advanced cybersecurity controls the device that are used protect e-commerce instruction are working properly and configured according the requirements the owner the platform. the rvt health and integrity validation the users confirming device check that could required performed part every e-commerce transaction. assured instructions for online and offline cryptocurrency wallets the fundamentals secure crypto-currency transaction secure display, secure pin entry and protection private credentials can accomplished with the tee for both online and offline transactions. attestation that these controls are known condition can integrated into the processing the pay script process. the result the data recorded the chain would have mathematically provable cybersecurity controls assuring the data recorded was intended, enhancing the quality and integrity the data written the chain. token project protection client private keys and process recent projects for identity, storage and networking are using the blockchain protocol for innovative purposes. however, general you can steal the private key you can steal the service. rivetz provides model that will enable hardware protection the private key and embedded multifactor authentication. these cybersecurity controls can dramatically enhance the quality and simplicity many the token services. the services integrate support for the rvt token, then attestation can become part the provable claims the services can make, thereby increasing their utility. custom development can further integrate the capabilities and bring whole class provable owner managed enterprise controls the decentralized token solutions. property rivetz intl. machine multisig most token systems will support multisig wallet for better protection. rivetz intends deliver support for machine multisig. once tokens are placed into multisig wallet the conditions must satisfied use the tokens. the user will use their favorite service but before the token transaction can submitted will need cosigned rivetz cybersecurity controller (rcc) the tee. the rcc will receive the partially signed request and rvt token with real-time health test and the locator for reference health hash. the cybersecurity controller will process the rvt transaction and use the resulting data authorize the user's transaction with their favorite token and deliver the service for execution. this will simple way integrate support for the cybersecurity protections offered trusted execution environment with little integration. not suitable for small microtransactions where the rvt solution should fully integrated. more detailed description provided the end the document. property rivetz intl. global market for the services powered rvt tokens the market for the services and functionality rvt tokens potentially vast and could utilized both currently shipped devices and future security chip and device sales. driven global cybercrime, regulations and the mushrooming iot market, there mandate for better solution security. growing demand for improved cybersecurity crystal clear cybersecurity ventures' recent report. cybersecurity ventures, firm that delivers cybersecurity market data, insights, and groundbreaking predictions global audience ceos, cios csos, venture capitalists, and government cyber defense leaders, predicts cybercrime will continue rising and cost businesses globally more than trillion annually the firm forecasts that global spending cybersecurity products and services will exceed trillion cumulatively over the next five years, from cybersecurity ventures expects the global cybersecurity market worth more than billion, having grown roughly times over years. the firm further expects percent year-over-year market growth through the current mobile market with trusted execution environment (tee) capability over one billion shipped devices. combined with estimated one billion enterprise grade personal computers deployed, this creates potential market significant portion over two billion devices with the ability upgrade rivetz improved security. looking ahead, the opportunity grows even more rapidly when the explosive iot market added and mobile device sales. the rvt token business model encourages chip manufacturers like intel and infineon include the rvt token when selling their chips device manufacturers like lenovo, dell, and samsung, include the mobile phone. (note that these are mentioned for illustrative purposes; such commercial arrangements have not yet been established and there guarantee that any particular one will be.) cybersecurity ventures infographic http://cybersecurityventures.com/cybercrime-infographic/ property rivetz intl. gartner, one the world's leading information technology research and advisory companies, forecasts that all enterprise endpoints will use trusted execution (that is, tee-like) technology currently, over million devices are shipped every year that contain trustonic' tee capability. rivetz believes that the market for distributed cybersecurity controls can not only additive but can disrupt portion the trillion dollars planned spending over the next five years. the creation rvt strong token, with business case, could create demand for the rivetz new transaction based service model for device health and integrity. combining the billion devices already deployed with trusted computing and the emerging market blockchain has tremendous potential. the global adoption iot expected require attestation for all iot devices assure that critical infrastructure powered known devices with provable capabilities and trusted data. from simple sensors advanced automotive and industrial networks, attestation will critical cybersecurity control. one the primary drivers for attestation prove compliance audit after over-the-air update firmware software. not only you get positive confirmation the success update, but you receive proof for compliance/audit purposes. this becoming more important since more devices are including in-the-field update capabilities address newly discovered vulnerabilities. the rivetz global attestation and identity network has the potential deliver improved and provable security number major global markets, including: internet things strong device identity and registration prevents cloning rogue devices peer-to-peer provable encryption and assured messages verifiable condition detect and prevent tampering distributed devices enabling global social network machines trusted data cloud authentication and access tamper-proof identity protected measured trust hardware secure display assuring what you see what you send secure multifactor authentication anchored provable hardware simpler safer user experience. (logging like pushing the "send button") secure, simple and protected hardware the device machine automated money with policy secure source funds that can autonomously used the device assurance that transactions are only executed according the owner's policy for the device secure model for demand services and instant access capabilities required property rivetz intl. simplify new models for on-demand access cloud capabilities and services. provide extendable economic model for secure transaction iot cybersecurity controls for smart contracts and blockchain provable/measured protections the private key and transaction data embedding proof that specific device with measured controls requested specific blockchain transaction enabling privacy the chain contracts tokenizing recorded data and personal information securing oracle data for smart contracts gartner group innovation insight for trusted execution environments mobile devices march property rivetz intl. putting rvt work the next months the rivetz strategy provides logical market plan that not dependent others launch, yet provide strong fabric for partners all sizes benefit from the evolution the network and the marketplace. cybersecurity great first utility for device consume and offers clear benefits the owner the platform. the application utility services devices only limited the human imagination billions devices will need services. proof compliance reduces the cost audit and exposure for every global enterprise. compliance top reason for investing cybersecurity controls and the network becomes more distributed, compliance has become more difficult. rivetz's approach based years research, and the new models smart contracts and blockchain provide the technical framework for global compliance. the proof compliance for the benefit the owner the platform, but also increases integrity the entire system. the business model microtransactions requires devices have access settlement model. but, devices are like small children. they are easily parted from their tokens. the leveraging the hardware security within the device will intended assure that transactions are executed with known service providers and the owner controls the policy the trusted hardware will enforce. the attestation protocols provide strong integration with transfers rvt that assures only known services will able transact with the device. the ability for device control access services and provide microtransaction model could open new models for service delivery and assure every device may need allowance from the owner. rivetz believes that the majority the blockchain and token based projects will benefit from integration with rivetz capabilities. hundreds new companies are being built the revolutionary change that blockchain brings the market. the protections that token and blockchain offer the market are tremendous but only good the protection the private keys and the instructions sent the chain. bitcoin spawned market for hardware wallets but they are not the solution for the new token models from storage networking and cloud services. rivetz cybersecurity solution designed bring strong model that will enhance the value and simplify the use for many the existing proposed token projects. the rvt token will provide disruptive business model and decentralized cybersecurity controls deliver greater utility and simpler and safer experience. the rvt token model intended assure the distributed control and resilience that may reduce the central failures that cloud security creates. innovation blockchain, iot and cloud development limited the cybersecurity risks. the global attestation and identity network powered the rvt token and its partners intends address these global challenges. property rivetz intl. the business model for security have seen there are billions devices with tee-capable hardware, growing number services that can provide attribute validation, and hundreds thousands services and billions users that are demanding better cybersecurity. what missing network and ecosystem that can: deliver near-real-time, internet-scale registration, attestation, and verification cybersecurity controls preserve user privacy provide economic incentives for hardware, software, and service providers offer cybersecurity controls ever-increasing quality provide micropayments model for delivery these services allow for coasian bargaining allocation the costs preventative cybersecurity measures the global attestation and identity network solves these problems. the rvt token essential the operation this network. simple interfaces and protocols provide ecosystem that will invite players small and large support new utility model for security. each component provides unique connection point into the service and each will provide services the owners the billions devices use every day. providers any the services will responsible for setting their own requirements for their business models the cybercontrols marketplace the owner the device will have the opportunity configure and select the services they wish the device verify order achieve the external reference measurement. these controls can vary from free components connect existing enterprise services, extensions commercial products verify controls cloud service that could provide anything from time day location. the services and business models will vary and the rvt token will one the mechanisms for settlement. the global attestation and identity network the owner will configure the device use their preferred service provider store and manage the reference health measurement and the logging results from verification performed the cybersecurity controller. the system built around simple unique locator enable any service provider that supports the protocols offer service. these services will supported the rvt token. the cybersecurity controller the process verification very simple and expected that this control will exist standalone and built-into many services over-time the ecosystem matures. the verification process will require rvt token operate. the application provider the rivetz service designed used any application provider and the rvt token can used reward and promote security any the partners. the goal assure any partner can use rvt part the business model for their service they choose. cybersecurity needs built-in and there benefit the business model integration well. property rivetz intl. first generation rvt use expected the business models mature and the technology matures the exact operation the rvt token will mature well. the erc tokens sold the sale will used their owners supply and store rvt tokens their device and protected the tee. the owner can any time remove the tokens they put the device the tokens can used the device obtain services that also meet the policies the owner has set. value that received for service will then rvt and the service provider can use them they wish load them into their devices and request services others. everyone has device that needs security services. property rivetz intl. the use promotional rvt tokens rivetz will set aside portion the rvt tokens used incentivize the adoption the system. the bootstrapping the environment core component the strategy and the long- term success the system. expected that tokens may used to: support third-party developers and other third parties that support expansion and promote adoption the ecosystem. distribute users promote and incentivize use and adoption the ecosystem users. distribute test tokens that will support expansion the ecosystem. support marketing and strategic partners who market and promote the tokens and the ecosystem. reward service providers for early adoption the ecosystem. the long term, expected the manufacturers and services will supplement this promotional supply with the tokens that are earned their services. expected that these tokens will used incentivize participation the system users, services and manufacturers. the rvt token should incentivize partners build services that provide advance capabilities and enhance the quality, security and utility the network over time. property rivetz intl. detailed use cases two-factor authentication with cybercontrols rivetz has developed operational two factor authentication (fa) capability that supports the fido standards and interchangeable with google authenticator. this app performs all the processing for the generation one-time passcode within the trust boundary the tee and the platform supports it, tui fully utilized. the following video link provides simple demonstration. https://youtu.be/kyzqwjqzjfu upon completion the token sale rivetz proposes integrate health and attestation test into the capability. the result that the tee could verify the health and integrity the device and its external controls assuring that the measured cybersecurity controls are place prior execution the one-time passcode creation for the user. the benefit the system will assure that the controls specified the owner are measured and are reference condition every use. this will simplify compliance with regulations that require certain controls active prior connecting sensitive services such financial data healthcare. for example, california data protection laws require assurance that access credentials have not been lost and devices are encrypted. this would enable the owner specify that the device can only generate passcode after verifying that the device generating the code was externally checked the cybercontrols marketplace pass the google attestation test. other conditions could also scripted into the system such as, "is the device the local wifi" "is the user still employee". the system will provide proof these checks where measured the owner intended. how does work step the device provisioned with the rivetz two factor authentication application and the rvt wallet. step the owner determines what external controls will verified the device and configures those controls. for example: the validation the google safetynet service that will verify the whole phone's operating system meets googles attestation tests. step the device requested record reference health hash and the owner the platform funds the wallet with rvt step the user pairs the device the enabled service step the user connects remote service step requested the device automatically creates real-time health and integrity hash the internals the device automatically creates real-time health and integrity hash the external data from the cybercontrols marketplace the hashes are combined with the reference heath hash locator and other data the owner wises collected and the message sent for verification the network. property rivetz intl. the verifier uses the locator retrieve the reference health hash and then compares the results returned the reference hash location for archiving and the result returned securely the device. step the result positive, then the allowed continue within the tee the health reference declined, then terminated. machine multisig with integrated cybersecurity controls the goal this capability simple machine multisig for device that any the tokens that support multisig capabilities can use. the capability currently estimated launched the fall after successful token sale. the assumption that normal app using token can work designed with modifications but the configuration multisig. rivetz has developed support for signing token transaction within the rivetz tee and intends add support for the ethereum multisig protocol well. the rivetz app will validate the health and integrity the device and then authorize the private key used sign the multisig the user- controlled device. this assures the device was measured condition when the transaction confirms. the owner the device can set rules and limits around the tee that will limit the exposure the device robo-signing unintended transactions. benefit many services are being built provide utility the user and are being designed automatically activated. the level automation and convenience always tradeoff with the level security. the rivetz solution provides unique approach holding portion the transaction within the device and leveraging multisig protocol assure part the transaction. the intent that the solution can provisioned the user and not the service the service support native multisig capability. the result will forensic proof that this device this condition was part permissioning the transaction. step the user configures service use multisig wallet funding the multi sig wallet and establishing the connection the rivetz wallet the second signatures. the third key protected using standard methods for backup case the device lost. step the user executes transaction from their normal app step the user requests the rivetz app cosign the rivetz app verifies real-time health hash request the rivetz cybersecurity controller (verifier) provide health test and verifier logs the transaction verifies local policies set the owner are met permissions use the private key cosign the transaction the transaction submitted the multisig process. property rivetz intl. appendix token sale model details the token sale will provided when the tokens are minted property rivetz intl. appendix trusted computing and attestation trusted computing concepts trusted computing concepts emerged from rainbow series security standards and guidelines originally published the department defense the and then later the national computer security center. the primary standards better known the orange book, the trusted computer system evaluation criteria (tcsec) standard addresses requirements for assessing computer security controls computing system and was eventually replaced common criteria international standards. modern trusted computing approach building computing systems that allow remotely make informed decisions about the level trust invest their proper operation. from the trusted computing group: entity can trusted always behaves the expected manner for the intended purpose. the computing security industry has found extraordinarily difficult secure commercial computing systems using software-only approaches especially when the sources software components are disparate and often independent entities. recognizing the limitations software-only approaches, standards organizations instead leverage and rely upon immutable hardware-based roots trust the foundation trust computing systems. leveraging roots trust platform, the primary goal system architects provide computing environments with strongly isolated execution environments utilizing protected capabilities and confidentiality and integrity protected data storage facilities. these combined capabilities provide system architects with trusted computing base that can leveraged for confidence the operation limited set system functions. while the trusted computing group (tcg) has led the industry defining specifications and standards for trusted computing requirements, apis and systems and globalplatform (gp) has led industry defining specifications and standards for trusted execution environments requirements, apis, and systems, trusted computing requirements are increasingly being included other protocols and standards. the oasis key management interoperability protocol (kmip) and pkcs include support for attestation numerous current ietf standards and drafts (e.g. trusted execution environment protocol teep). roots trust order provide the security capabilities required instantiate trusted computing base, computing system requires set foundational security elements called roots trust. the combination roots trust computing system the foundation assurance trustworthiness. they are composed hardware, firmware and software that together provide security-critical functions. hardware-based roots trust have advantages consumer and commercial platforms since they are immutable, have smaller attack surfaces, and are generally more reliable; i.e. they can relied upon perform their functions with higher assurance. order provide device integrity, isolated execution, and protected storage protected execution environment, system should implement root trust for storage, root trust for measurement, and root trust for verification. and order the system provide remote confidence its configuration and status, process called remote attestation, needs utilize root trust for reporting tandem with secure and immutable device identity. property rivetz intl. root trust for storage (rts): provides confidential and integrity-protected repository store and manage cryptographic keys, critical security parameters and any configuration data, measurements and policies which are critically necessary support the operation trusted computing base. root trust for measurement (rtm): provides trusted measurement functions used reliable measure the integrity software components and configurations utilizing signature algorithms and the root the chain transitive trust for subsequent software measurement agents. order minimize the possibility subversion measurements, rtm should invoked soon after initialization computing system; the later system invokes the rtm, the greater the opportunity subvert the measurement trust chain. root trust for verification (rtv): provides engine verify digital signatures associated with software/firmware component and generates assertions the verification result. the rtv executes signature verification algorithm and compares signatures against reference expected values known reference manifests. root trust for reporting (rtr): provides protected capability generate and sign assertions for the purpose remote attestation computing system's assurance properties. the rtr must leverage strong device identity protect against system impersonation and nonrepudiation. the rtr heavily leverages the capabilities provided the rtm, rts, and rtv. secure boot and transitive trust chain secure boot the process measuring the integrity platform components leveraging rtm and verifying measurements against authorized reference measurements enforce system policies for the purpose booting trusted computing base. interleaving measurement operations with verification operations, boot process can self-validate according security policies effect the computing system. this process combines trusted boot (capture measurements) with local verification measurements secure the boot process the system. component out security policy compliance any time during the measure verify process, the system may choose boot valid remediation image other "safe" alternate boot path with the intent preventing out-of-compliance machines from ever executing malware unapproved code and presenting compromised services. the measure verify process allows the computing system successively load more measurement and verification agents during the initialization process computing platform. the coherent set measurements and assertions during this process whereby all components are evaluated prior execution called the transitive trust chain. when implementing secure boot, these measurements may discarded immediately after use the local system. however, the system needs convince remote relying party its integrity and configuration, crucial protect the transitive trust chain measurements and assertions against unauthorized modification augmentation until they are reported the relying party leveraging the rtr process called remote attestation. property rivetz intl. remote attestation while possible secure many kinds processes, with limited set resources never possible secure process with certainty and this especially true commercial and consumer platforms that have significantly fewer resources afforded them than military systems. thus, basic tenet system assurance evaluation "trust but verify." matter how well system secured, having visibility into how system evolves due system updates and potential authorized and unauthorized changes and additions provides relying party with mechanism evaluate the current status computing system. example, though nist provided specification secure the bios computing system (nist -), nist immediately followed with specification report the current measurement and status the bios (nist -). the process remotely verifying the measurements and configuration status computing system, and providing mechanism evaluate its expected behavior, called attestation. this process crucial for providing confidence the integrity system and allowing relying party decide trust computing system the basis for trusted computing. attestations are reports system integrity provided manner that allows the remote relying party evaluate transitive trust chain and determine the platform's trusted computing base state that acceptable for the relying party have confidence the system will operate expected. inherent attestation the expectation that specific system currently the state reported, thus combining the identification specific device with mechanism ensure that attestation report fresh and not replay previous report crucial. effective attestation protocol, the remote verifier provides freshness nonce for the device include within integrity report that includes signature over the attestation verify the identity the system and the integrity the attestation data. trusted execution environment (tee) system architects have included roots trust and trusted computing capabilities into large number products currently deployed industry. the personal computer, the trusted platform module (tpm) has been leveraged provide secure cryptographic key storage and use. this protects secret and private keys from observation and disclosure attacks which they are susceptible when shared system memory. pcs that leverage the tpm can load trusted computing base known secure kernel vastly improve the information assurance properties the system and provide remote attestation capabilities. instead relying upon tpm, smartphones and iot devices utilize the hardware isolation and security capabilities embedded and inherent modern microprocessors offer isolated execution and storage environment. examples this capability are arm processors which include trustzone and intel processors with software guard extensions (sgx); similar capabilities have and are being included processing environments from large server platforms tiny iot devices embedded systems that require secured operations and remote visibility. leveraging trustzone and sgx low-level capabilities roots trust, information security standards organizations such globalplatform have published numerous standards for trusted execution environment (tee) which acts trusted computing base and isolated environment execute small trusted applications. smartphones and iot devices implement secure boot utilizing roots trust (rtm, property rivetz intl. rts, and rtv) instantiate tee that protects the execution trusted applications (stored and executing tee) from observation and alteration from the device operating system, services, and applications. the secure boot process allows the local system have confidence and trust that operating approved configuration and supplies authorized services the rest the software components the computing system. however, just might trust other computing systems instantiated using secure boot process, also need verify continued compliance, operation, and updates establish remote trust those platforms. these systems can also leverage the rtm, rts, rtv, and rts (the roots trust the system) implement remote attestation with remote parties who must rely upon the correct operation the platform. the integrity information provided remote attestation reports needs provide coherent measurements and configuration information allow remote verifier have confidence (trust) that the tee environment itself was instantiated utilizing the hardware security capabilities inherent the system and using authenticated and authorized components. similarly, once instantiated, tee needs able attest its internal configuration and the integrity and current status trusted applications executing within the tee. the coherent combination measurements the initialization computing system, the instantiation trusted execution environment, and the current state trusted applications executing within trusted execution environment the transitive trust chain integrity measurements the trusted computing base the computing system. attestation provides the mechanism report the state the device remote relying party with confidence. property rivetz intl. appendix blockchain general description blockchain distributed database consisting list records. each record has secure timestamp and cryptographic link the previous record. the records are called blocks, and the cryptographic links make easy read the database and verify its accuracy, but make extremely difficult for attacker alter change the order records. because these properties, blockchain machine-readable unalterable historical record, which makes especially suitable for security applications. the best known blockchain the bitcoin blockchain. bitcoin uses the immutable historical record record irreversible monetary transactions. another well-known blockchain the ethereum blockchain. ethereum uses the blockchain store smart contracts well the data those smart contracts need operate. the existence unalterable historical record essential the functioning the rvt token. when device manufactured, its birth certificate stored blockchain. the birth certificate associates that physical device health quote, which may include information such hash firmware. device compromised, its real-time health quote will change. adversary who wishes hide the compromise will have rewrite the entire history all transactions the blockchain back the time manufacture the device, which virtually impossible. moreover, the device configured write health quote the blockchain regularly, then the blockchain will not only record that the device compromised but also when was compromised. the rvt token flexible and can store many other types information the historical record. for example, shipping company might use rvt combination with beacons prove that piece cargo was always refrigerated, always proper custody. the idea blockchains goes back least the early but the first major practical application was bitcoin, starting the mathematics are relatively straightforward. the core idea that linked list where each record block points the block that precedes immediately time. "pointer" here cryptographic hash rather than memory location. version this idea familiar many developers the basic structure the source control system git. given the blockchain its entirety, anyone can verify the integrity the blockchain iterating over and computing hashes all the blocks. the hard part blockchains not the structure itself, but rather deciding who gets write the blockchain and how secure the timestamp. this was the problem first solved bitcoin, which uses economic incentives control writing the blockchain. other chains, namely permissioned chains, solve the problem specifying certain entities agents who have exclusive authority write the chain. several other solutions also exist. property rivetz intl. appendix about rivetz rivetz corporation rivetz corporation ("rivetz" the "company"), the parent company rivetz intl., "first-mover" with patent pending cyber security services and capabilities that seeks leverage the trusted execution environment ("tee") already available hundreds millions existing devices. providing vault isolate and protect keys and encrypted material from apps, malware, users, and hackers, rivetz seeks ensure truly safe experience for accessing all digital services, thus maximizing the quality and value the provider-to-subscriber relationship rivetz the forefront this dramatic shift from users employing dozens user names and passwords device-based identity and capabilities model for connecting the online subscriber, which will increase the value, trustworthiness and quality the subscriber the service provider recovering the lost value stolen fraud, while the same time eliminating the complex and frustrating user experience created software-based security measures. rivetz's proprietary technology leverages the trusted execution environment capabilities built into devices hide and process secrets complete isolation from the risks inherent the operating system. rivetz's tee-based products and services, leverage built-in hardware capabilities currently embedded billion devices. almost all smartphones, tablets, laptops, and personal computers already contain the necessary hardware enable rivetz vault for securing user access, privacy and safety. the company's technology replaces unsecured storage credentials and the cumbersome annoyance multi-factor authentication with safe space hold and process sensitive data and secrets, assuring that only known device known condition with known user can connect network service. rivetz's simple and flexible platform brings world class security into the reach any application developer service provider allowing them quickly and cost-effectively exploit the built-in security protections contained the latest generation hardware. every enterprise and service provider can benefit from stronger connection the customer, which rivetz facilitates delivering new model for access and data protection. the rivetz platform services and tools seeks enable individual users leverage next generation security services part multifactor solution. the company also empowers entities build great security directly into their apps with simple integrate capabilities. market demand for multi-factor authentication grows every quarter and rivetz executing novel tactical approach supply the market with state the art security technology. the company supplements the built-in authentication everyone needs with patent pending integration enterprise's legacy cybersecurity controls, along with the services help the user manage their collection devices their identity. rivetz's platform services seek provide unique set market leading solutions that have already helped the company generate over million dollars recent contract awards from the department defense and the department homeland security. the company plans now rapidly commercialize its products and services large scale, and establish itself the leading solutions provider for trusted cyber security designed around the tee. rivetz expects that its services and solutions can easily leveraged application development partners and service provides enhance the value subscribers their systems. the company has strategic relationship with trustonic, giving access over billion devices already the field. rivetz has also initiated discussions with major, established technology companies support their solutions and add another billion devices that can utilize the company's capabilities. property rivetz intl. rivetz's patent pending attestation service seeks deliver market changing security model that integrates legacy enterprise network security tools with the cloud access model computing leveraging the trusted device, thus providing new cyber security control that forensically proves known device known condition with known user created consumed sensitive content. the trusted agent the device reliably verifies legacy controls prior allowing access critical keys and credentials, delivering proof those controls the cloud for real-time verification part any transaction. this model for distributed cyber security controls seeks deliver critical capability assure the security transactions from the enterprise the internet things ("iot") the blockchain. rivetz also empowers the user's collection devices become their identity rather than just single device. this attempt assure the user's online identity not just single smart phone, but instead represented their collection devices, allowing the user access their cloud services from any their known devices. rivetz helps the user manage their collection devices and the services they subscribe and ensures that access can only achieved from any their known devices when known condition with known user. rivetz believes the need integrate cyber controls distributed basis and the tremendous value connecting the user's collection devices. the company's tactical strategy will build foundational relationship with the household small businesses through their collection devices providing the ultimate secure connection the services they use. rivetz's anticipates its vision for modern network will emerge conceptually social network devices and services that will ultimately replace the old model the local area network ("lan"), along with the firewalls, network security tools and passwords that come with it. importantly, rivetz's innovative business model contains technology measure usage the company's trusted agent within client device, assuring that service providers who deploy the rivetz capabilities pay for using them. the embedded microtransaction/metering model attempts provide the flexibility meet the requirements application developers and service providers. the company's unique, state the art model brings cloud based approach cyber security services that consistent with enterprise, organization, government agency, and user demands, and the new presidential cyber security directive. rivetz has invested over years executing well thought out and novel strategy create the market and capitalize this substantial opportunity. the company's revenue producing contracts with the department defense and the department homeland security validate and demonstrate the market value and leading-edge capabilities rivetz's technology. simplifying the user experience and assuring that information delivered intended, rivetz has designed solution that seeks unlock new models and services and provide value users for years come. rivetz has the short term tactical plan quickly engage customers drive revenue and the long-term vision unlock the full potential the market.