roiyal coin whitepaper ver introduction aims the project technical specifications premine distribution summary introduction blockchain technology has experienced enormous growth popularity through the recent years and still the potential bears far away from being truly unlocked. currently, the crypto market the phase active evolution, which means great variety projects appear and try adapt and contest each other for the attention the community. this also means that great deal these projects will not survive long, because the lack flexibility and impulse. the most common issues that severe the lifecycle cryptocurrency are the unbalanced economy and the lack use case. the use masternodes (mns) for the security the blockchain well the implementation instant and anonymous transactions became small revolution inside the crypto world itself. small fraction time mns became valuable investment assets, because the operating masternodes are given certain coin rewards from the newly found blocks. the key parameter for person who purchasing masternode its payback time roi (return investment). one the crucial problems for the investors the uncertainty risk caused the fact that numerous crypto coin teams either lack economical background deliberately plan collect funds luring the investors with sweet promises, and then escape. either case, many projects start with the estimated payback times their nodes being very short which looks exuberant for investment but the coin emission, which commonly outrageous scale, results the creation host new mns every day and the roi values decline drastically, does the profit the investors. combined with the negative effects overproduction coins the exchange rates, one might quickly find himself experiencing bitter financial losses instead profits even payoff. aims the project created our roiyal coin (roco) with the goal providing crypto investor with prolonged passive income from masternode. design, the block reward system has two distinct phases. during phase the amount coins per block gradually grows, order compensate for the number masternodes the network. the initial collateral roco also changes, roco block and block order leverage the effects coin emission the market. phase will allow significant number community members become early investors, and then maximize their profits. the subsequent phase involves gradual decrease the block rewards, which will serve anti-inflation tool and the value roco coins the hands holders and stake holders will increase due slight deficiency coins the market. the use case roiyal coin directly linked the concept roi masternodes and the revenue early investors crypto project should get for their support. intend create monitoring platform ..."wait, yet another service?!" one might rightfully ask but this one different. the common problem crypto investor with capability and desire fund the freshest emerging projects experiences the need filter off vast amounts informational noise, even the lack required information the time it's needed most. are working platform that would list the coins about launch and provide early pre-launch information about the initial roi, along with other useful data. this way potential investor will have all the data help him make decision, whether invest high-risk, but ultrahigh-roi coin, project with very expensive mns but estimated stable revenue the long run. further development the roiyal platform will include trading services, such direct exchange you will able buy some promising coin for btc, rvn, any other crypto, including another emerging coins. all this will available the early investor trader long before the time project listed exchange any ranking monitoring service. one should realize that such early purchases are actually very risky, but the profits they might bring can outperform any expectations. our plans include the implementation reputation-based aspect our platform the developers the emerging projects will able provide any additional information bolster the trust from the community. such data will not demanded however -we respect the anonymity and privacy any user the internet and hence will not force kyd procedure for the coin teams, kyc one for our community members. first, listing the roco platform will free for the novel coins. this period will last weeks, depending the market conditions the platform release time. afterwards, certain fee will introduced, which would paid buying out roco coins from the exchange. the coins must sent specific address where they will locked the team and thus removed from circulation. this decrease the total supply should increase the value the coin and strengthen its exchange rate. coin reviews addition, right before the launch our project, team roco has made promising collaboration and will launching our own coin review channel! starting from simple "screenshot-andcomment" format, will gradually develop into full scale video resource dedicated the analysis emerging coins help you secure your investments! technical specifications name ticker type consensus masternode collateral total supply blocktime pos coin maturation time coins per block masternode reward, per block pos reward, per block dev-fee premine roiyal coin roco pos/mn roco(*) roco sec hour -(*) -%(*) -%(*) roco) (*) see detailed reward sheet detailed block rewards starting block numbers for the respective block ranges are shown collateral roco, rewards pos rewards block reward reward pos reward block reward reward pos reward block reward reward pos reward block reward reward pos reward block reward reward pos reward block reward reward pos reward block reward reward pos reward block reward reward pos reward continuation the table block reward reward pos reward block reward reward pos reward block reward reward pos reward block reward reward pos reward block reward reward pos reward block reward reward pos reward block reward reward pos reward block reward reward pos reward block reward reward pos reward block reward reward pos reward block reward reward pos reward block reward reward pos reward block reward reward pos reward block reward reward pos reward block reward reward pos reward block reward reward pos reward block reward reward pos reward collateral roco, rewards pos rewards block reward reward pos reward block reward reward pos reward block reward reward pos reward block reward reward pos reward block reward reward pos reward block reward reward pos reward collateral roco, rewards pos rewards block reward reward pos reward block reward reward pos reward block reward reward pos reward premine distribution the total amount roco coins the premine only from the total supply coins. out that quantity, dedicate coins the presale roco masternodes. another coins will cover various marketing expenses and several promotion campaigns will have the budget roco. part coins (k) will make the roco development fund. finally, coins will used reserve cover other expenses. roco premine marketing presale development fund reserve promotion the use the premined coins the team will driven necessity, this demonstrated the small amount coins reserved for promotion. will minimize the activities resulting giving away coins, due our observations, this only leads decrease the market price because mass selling the coins those who don't value them. summary roiyal coin (roco) mn/pos cryptocurrency with the economical parameters tuned for prolonged passive income the investors. roco has low premine volume. the premine part accessible the team will used carefully, avoid exchange rate fluctuations. the roco team building platform for early and pre-launch listing emerging cryptocoins, aimed helping early investors secure their funds. the extension the roco platform will include reputational aspect and trading mechanisms. team roco will establish and maintain coin review channel. thank you for your attention!