white paper overview revision: date: november th, sergio demian lerner rsk white paper overview introduction why rsk important for the bitcoin ecosystem? alignment bitcoin stakeholders and protection value governance model protection bitcoin miner's investment securing the bitcoin rsk -way peg lower bitcoin transactions fees and stable value asset issuing bitcoin security hardening rsk low-cost btc payment network rsk use cases micropayment channels and hub-and-spoke networks peer-to-peer distributed exchange retail payment systems escrow services crypto-assets creation asset securitization decentralized remittances protection registry voting system micro-lending supply chain traceability online reputation digital identity in-game global currency internet-gambling and prediction markets fair-playing technology overview turing-complete virtual machine sidechain semi-trust-free sidechains dynamic hybrid merged mining/federation fast payments and low-latency-network rsk feature comparison instant payments technology preview decor+ protocol the block propagation protocol two stage block propagation (sbp) push missing transactions protocol (pmt) delayed transaction inclusion heuristic (dti) immediate block header propagation (ibhp) two prioritized streams for each connection protocol (psc) mining unverified blocks heuristic (mub) local route optimization protocol (lro) re-using the bitcoin mining network the real topology the network the pow function verification time client networking stack the block overhead simulations safe merged mining transaction privacy security page rsk white paper overview scalability probabilistic verification and fraud proofs conclusions page rsk white paper overview page introduction satoshi nakamoto revolutionized payments creating bitcoin. bitcoin included very limited implementation the so-called "smart contracts", concept introduced back nick szabo. since then, lot research has been dedicated the creation new cryptocurrencies that support full turing complete distributed programs. now there widespread confidence that useful, secure and deterministic virtual machines can built achieve this goal. believe that new use cases are necessary order for bitcoin become the leading global cryptocurrency, and that adding smart-contract capabilities key secure that future. with that mind created rsk, smart-contract platform that incorporates turing complete virtual machine bitcoin. also provides other enhancement the network such faster transactions and better scalability, features that also believe will enable new usage scenarios. rsk evolution qixcoin, turing-complete cryptocurrency created back the same development team. rsk provides improved payment experience with near instant confirmations. achieves currently tps and confirms most payments less than seconds. and yet, still based the same security guarantees bitcoin has, supporting sha-d merged mining. rsk works bitcoin sidechain. when bitcoins are transferred into the rsk blockchain, they become "smartbitcoins" (sbtc). smartbitcoins are equivalent bitcoins living the rsk blockchain, and they can transferred back bitcoins any time additional cost (except for standard rsk transaction fees). sbtc the base currency used the rsk sidechain pay miners for transaction and contract processing. there currency issuance: all sbtc are created from bitcoins coming from the bitcoin blockchain. rsk enhances bitcoin the following areas: turing-complete rsk virtual machine (rvm) allowing smart-contracts average first confirmation transactions seconds safe merged mining combining pow with backup threshold-signature based federation mining embedded low-delay fast relay backbone into peer-to-peer gossip network. two-way pegging using sidechains (currently federated peg, fully automatic peg subject bitcoin improvements) acronyms: "rsk" refers the rootstock (the platform), related terms are "rsk protocol" (the specification) and "rsk reference node" (the reference implementation), the native rsk currency the "smartbitcoin", and "sbtc" the symbol the rsk white paper overview page smartbitcoin currency, "btc" refers the bitcoin currency and "bitcoin" refers the bitcoin protocol. why rsk important for the bitcoin ecosystem? alignment bitcoin stakeholders and protection value rsk governance's primary goal align the main stakeholders bitcoin creating rewards that are fully aligned with their current activities. this philosophy directly reflected its core architecture where bitcoin miners provide the hashing power required for the proof-of-work block validations, industry leaders (exchanges, wallets and payment processors) integrate the federation that creates validation checkpoints and sign the redeem transactions the -way peg. top that rsk decides improvements its platform based voting system where miners, industry leaders, bitcoin rsk holders and core developers take the final decision. the following paragraphs describe how this incentives play along. governance model each player the community has the know-how serve best the community: exchanges and web-wallets know how protect bitcoin savings, miners know how realize large scale mining operations secure user's transactions, blockhain companies innovate new use cases and makes dreams come true, core developers have the technical expertise known how tackle the technical challenges come, node maintainers provide the infrastructure and network connectivity, and users are the heart the system, providing trust and liquidity. rsk governance model aims represent all actors the community, providing board governance consisting seats. miners will able vote with hashing power vote), bitcoin and rsk users will vote with proof-of-stake vote), exchanges and web-wallets will vote though the federation vote), rsk and bitcoin core developers will have special threshold voting system vote), and the last vote will offered non-profit established bitcoin institution, such the bitcoin foundation, that can represent the broader ecosystem. also institutional vote could offered the ethereum foundation, representative the ethereum community. protection bitcoin miner's investment august bitcoin mining profitability margin will fall less than due the decreasing block reward from btc btc. hundreds millions mining hardware will become instantaneously obsolete. this probably includes all mining machines the market today, since two generations chips (faster and with lower power consumption) will developed and sold before almost all current miners that have not replaced their hardware will see the end their mining business. rsk, thanks its merged mining capabilities, brings the opportunity these miners keep rsk white paper overview page business least four more years. since bitcoin merge-miners can mine both coins with zero marginal cost, miners will still able mine bitcoin long the additional income provided rsk mining compensates the profitability gap. additionally the reduction mining profitability the halving will create additional concentration the low cost miners which will increase bitcoin's network vulnerability. hence, rsk could also play key role promoting broad base profitable miners increasing the security and value bitcoin. also starting today minimum cost, and creating applications for rsk, bitcoin miners may not only protect their investment, but develop whole new business opportunity. securing the bitcoin rsk -way peg leading bitcoin companies will integrate federation that will play the fundamental role securing the transfer funds between the bitcoin and rsk blockchains. exchange for that they will profit from the fees generated the settlement between the inflow and outflow funds. lower bitcoin transactions fees and stable value asset issuing current bitcoin holders and prospective users have seen their usage the monetary system confined certain use cases (i.e: investment, global payment network) mainly due bitcoin price volatility but this constraint might worsen the future due potential increase transaction fees the next bitcoin halving. rsk brings solution this offering almost instant transaction validation seconds) and asset issuing with prices pegged that fiat currency other stable commodity. lowering volatility exposure transactions while keeping bitcoin reserve currency increases overall bitcoin value. bitcoin security hardening the next bitcoin reward halving, hundreds millions dollars obsolete mining hardware will sold cheaply privately online. this will open window vulnerability giving attacker the possibility buy huge amount hashing power for very little money and execute attack. also the decrease security may affect the perceived value the coin. increasing the profitability bitcoin mining with rsk merged mining, the bitcoin network may prevent the hash rate plummet. rsk white paper overview page rsk low-cost btc payment network bitcoin block size not increased via hard-fork, when the next bitcoin reward halves, bitcoin transaction fees may become prohibitively high for certain applications. rsk blocks can hold many more transactions than bitcoin blocks, rsk will naturally offer lower fees. see next section for analysis future scenarios regarding transaction fees. the future bitcoin and its transactions fees unclear: currently, contentious proposals changes the maximum block size will have high impact future transaction fees. the following table attempt predict future scenarios and compare rsk and bitcoin under reasonable assumptions growth and forks. parameter bitcoin rsk confirmation time with comparable minutes security under satoshi equivalence seconds minimum confirmation time for reversal probability minutes blocks) seconds blocks) max. transactions per second tps (assuming average size tx) tps launch scalable tps current average cost for users for standard transaction cents assuming: tps market price not available current cost for miners include cent cent (estimated) standard transaction assuming: assuming: using the fast relay network rsk specific hardware utxo memory switching. processing time per tx. almost rsk transactions btc average block reward cent (estimated) interrupting miner load cent new header loses assuming: processing time using standard relay network transaction fees end usd assuming: block size not increased btc/usd rate unchanged same level security tps cent (estimated) assuming: tps important note from the above chart that transaction fees estimations are based the unproven fact that the btc price will remain approximately btc/usd during the price increases ten-fold during this period, then also will the transaction fees, rendering bitcoin blockchain viable inter-banking clearing system, but not payment network. also important note that off-chain payment systems can emerge, providing cheaper payments, but the same time centralizing the network, and changing its decentralized nature. rsk white paper overview page the following table shows possible future scenarios the end assuming that network hashing difficulty increases the same ratio btc price: scenario bitcoin cost miners rsk cost miners usd cents tps increases via hard-fork cents cents btc price and tps increase usd cents bitcoin price increases the cost including bitcoin transaction increases, users will switch platforms with lower transaction costs, such rsk. rsk white paper overview page rsk use cases the rsk platform provides turing-complete smart contracts proposed nick szabo the same time, rsk's backward compatible with ethereum vm, hence rsk gives the opportunity developers working ethereum benefit from the robustness the bitcoin blockchain. below present list potential smart contracts and use cases that can developed over rsk. micropayment channels and hub-and-spoke networks micropayment channels allow two parties make secure regular low valued payments without paying fees for each payment, but only one time when the channel closed. hub-and-spoke networks allow mutually untrusted users make low-cost one time payments indirectly using payment channels and from third party with minimal trust. the rsk allows hub-and-spoke networks implemented directly with minimal hassle and interfacing natively with standard e-wallets. peer-to-peer distributed exchange using tiernolan's protocol rsk supports contracts that act peer-to-peer exchanges. automatic matching order book can also easily created. this allows distributed markets over independent block-chains, exchanging crypto-assets without third parties. retail payment systems rsk allows btc adopted globally for every-day retail transactions. one bitcoin main limitations for retail use its confirmation time (from minutes hour ensure irreversibility). rsk allows consumers benefit from bitcoin security with confirmations just few seconds. merchants will able accept payments instantaneously without requiring third party gateways. another key element that any platform should have succeed the retail market able support large amount transaction per second (tps). the rsk network, using the decor+ protocol, allows process over the bitcoin blockchain tps (twice much paypal) escrow services rsk allows the creation smart escrow services where oracles sign (or not) transactions defining whether should executed (or not) without having any contact with the funds under escrow. crypto-assets creation rsk allows the creation crypto-assets (or altcoins) secured the bitcoin network. given rsk's flexibility price the contract's fuel these application (as all others) could used from students banks and corporations. asset securitization rsk also allows the creation digital tokens backed real assets. this could use rsk white paper overview page digitally commercialize reits, shares, issue debt any other asset (or future proceed). this particular use case will provide unique solution those small businesses the developing countries where the traditional financial markets now fulfill the demand for working capital capital grow. decentralized remittances this particular use case especially important developing economies where the unbanked/undocumented population has pay usury fees send money their families for food and shelter. protection registry rsk allows the development contracts that can replicate what known proof-ofexistence which allows individuals and companies alike proof the existence certain document (or property right) any given point time with the security the bitcoin blockchain. this use case could particularly important societies latin america, africa and asia with unreliable land registration mechanisms. voting system particular case crypto-asset, rsk allows the creation digital votes that allow extremely secure and transparent elections minimum cost. micro-lending over the global population does not have access the traditional financial system. this lack access credit direct cause the economic inequality that our global society faces nowadays. rsk allows the development scalable digital microlending contracts that could provide access credit the billion poorest inhabitants the world. supply chain traceability rsk also allows the creation digital wallets track and trace (digitally) the physical location certain product batch. this type contract could particularly useful the retail, food and healthcare industries among others. all the other use cases, using rsk this could achieved with the security the bitcoin blockchain minimum cost. online reputation digital identity one the main problems the developing world the lack documentation and ids for the poor. this prevents the poor from voting, accessing healthcare, reporting crimes abuses and accessing financial aid. rsk allows the creation digital global registries secure the bitcoin blockchain extremely low cost. in-game global currency many multi-player games have in-game economies, including private currencies. these games evolve, virtual currencies become valuable users fiat money, and are rsk white paper overview page often traded secondary markets. inflation, cheating, and online theft become user concerns. also the game company may face legal and security hurdles having users virtual money consignment. the world becomes global, will virtual games, and players will feel discomfort that money earned one game cannot easily spent another game. rsk can solve these problems allowing games accept btc (in equivalent rsk coins) for their in-game payments, create private digital asset that protected rsk. rsk payments can fast closed-loop systems for low denominations, game engines can use rsk the in-game purchase system, for player-to-player trading and for company-to-player virtual offerings. just clicking url scanning code, trading can triggered using the standard player's external e-wallet software, and also paying commissions the gaming company. internet-gambling and prediction markets fast payments also means fast payouts. bitcoin gambling sites such satoshidice have managed provide no-registration fast betting experience using -confirmations and chained transactions, but security risk for the gambling site. rsk allows betting with near instant payouts having block confirmation. fair-playing incorporating smart-contracts, and conjunction with well-studied cryptographic protocols such mental poker, rsk able provide open and fair platform for card playing without the requirement for trusted third party taking rake. these are just few examples among many others that could developed and programmed over the rsk platform using the underlying bitcoin technology. important mention that the bitcoin miners (via merge mining) are going the ones running these contracts and benefiting from the vast majority the fuel consumed run those contracts. rsk white paper overview page technology overview rsk platform is, its core, the combination of: turing-complete resource-accounted deterministic virtual machine (for smart contracts) two-way pegged bitcoin sidechain (for btc denominated trade) dynamic hybrid merge-mining/federated consensus protocol (for consensus security), and low-latency network (for fast payments). turing-complete virtual machine rsk virtual machine (rvm) the core the smart-contract platform. smart-contracts are executed parallel high-percentage the network nodes. the result the execution smart-contract can the processing inter-contract messages, creating monetary transactions and changing the state contracts persistent memory. the rvm op-code level compatible with evm, allow ethereum contracts run flawlessly rsk. the first release, the executed interpretation. for the next release, planned emulate evm dynamically retargeting evm opcodes subset java-like bytecode, and security-hardened and memory restricted java-like will become the new (rvm). this will bring rsk code execution performance close native code. main features: independent vm, but compatible with evm the opcode level. rsk provides ethereum users the possibility run their projects with the security the bitcoin network. new opcodes for fast int arithmetic and better just-in-time compilation (planned), for greater performance. sidechain sidechain independent blockchain whose native currency pegged the value another blockchain currency automatically using proofs payment. there two-way peg when two currencies can exchanged freely, automatically, and without incurring price negotiation. rsk, the smartbitcoin (sbtc) two-way pegged the btc (more precisely, rootoshi, the minimum unit account rsk, pegged satoshi, the minimum unit account bitcoin). practice, when btc are exchanged for rts, currency "transferred" between blockchains single transaction because bitcoin cannot verify the authenticity balances another blockchain. when transfer occurs, some btc are locked bitcoin and the same amount sbtc unlocked rsk. when sbtc needs converted back into btc, the sbtc get locked again rsk and the same amount btc are unlocked bitcoin. rsk white paper overview page semi-trust-free sidechains fully trusted and third-party-free two-way pegs can created using smart-contracts both platforms. but since bitcoin does not currently support smart-contracts nor native opcodes validate external spv proofs, part the two-way pegging system rsk requires trust set semi-trusted third-parties (sttp). single sttp can control the locked btcs, but only majority them has the ability release btc funds. the sttps temporarily store the btc that are locked, and unlocks btc pay bitcoin users sbtc are locked rsk transferred back bitcoin. rsk the sttps that protect the locked funds are precisely the members the federation. this because the federation incentives are highly aligned with the sttps: they must well-respected community actors, such universities, and they must also have the technical ability maintain secure network node. the locking and unlocking funds done this secure network nodes without any human intervention. therefore requirement for being part the federation the ability audit the proper behaviour the software that powers the node, specially regarding the correctness the component that decides releasing btc funds. plan create tamper proof hardware that will enforce the federated validation algorithm further improve security. once bitcoin adds special opcodes extensibility validate spv proofs hard-fork, and once the new system proved secure and trust-free, the federation role sttps will longer necessary, and the rsk team will implement the changes adapt rsk the trust-free system. dynamic hybrid merged mining/federation believe that pow the only consensus system that prevents the re-write blockchain history low cost. all other consensus systems that not consume valuable resource for mining have this drawback, and rely reputation, and prevent anonymous participation mining. all other consensus systems require new users trust set parties find authenticated checkpoint the ledger. high rate pow consensus based periodic blocks with low orphan waste requires miners stop their hardware miners and restart them mine new header midstates each time new block solved the network. this result mining time gaps, greater network latencies for mid-state switching, average. these gaps reduce the efficiency bitcoin mining even they consume few milliseconds. therefore rsk uses the decor+ block reward sharing scheme reduce competition and allow miners late switch the rsk best block. miners switch their hardware each time rsk block found, they compete for full rsk block reward. they late switch, and keep mining past block tips, they create uncles and and earn share the block reward. none these cases they are fully orphaned, decor+ pays reward uncles and the ghost rule counts uncles normal blocks and secures the best chain. the efficiency btc mining therefore maximized. expect period where rsk hashing power will below the total btc hashing power. this would leave the network vulnerable attack where the remaining hashing power outperforms the existing rsk hashing power double-spend. rsk white paper overview page prevent such situation rsk includes federated checkpoints for pow mined blocks. federated checkpoints are signed the federation members and clients can use the the majority the signatures better decide which the best chain. also rsk has last-resort protocol where mining power goes below bitcoin hashing power, the federation able create signed blocks. default, clients stop using federated checkpoints when roostock hashing power over the maximum btc hashing difficulty observed the best chain and the fees paid block higher equal the average reward bitcoin block. the rsk platform will launched with federation well-known and community respected members. each member identified public key for the checkpoint signature scheme. the federation able add remove members using and embedding voting system, although these actions would require high percentage the member votes. the aim rsk founders that the rsk network will incentivize merge-mining. however rsk robust merge-mining shortage the federation automatically brought secure the network the shortage case. main features: -day maturity for mining reward. federated members checkpoints code embedded checkpoints during bootstrapping period. loss efficiency bitcoin mining expected from merge mining (less than for immediate mid-state switching and for late switching) fast payments and low-latency-network rsk aims better payment network. achieve fast payments, several solutions have been developed: use competition-free block selection (e.g. hyperledger, ripple, closed-loop systems) use hub-and-spoke networks (e.g. bitcoin lightning network) use high pow block rates hub-and-spoke networks add new centralization nodes, and require complete adaptation client wallets new, completely different payment model. although this alternative can easily implemented rsk, not the native system for fast payments. rsk adopts the decor+ and fastblock protocols, which allow reaching seconds average block rate that does not create incentives for mining centralization, selfish-mining free and incentive compatible. main features: seconds block interval two stage block propagation (sbp) protocol push missing transactions (pmt) protocol full network propagation last competing blocks prevent selfish mining and reduce stale block rate. rsk white paper overview page delayed transaction inclusion heuristic (dti). transactions are delayed seconds each miner's block transaction queue allow the fastest possible block verification, because transactions are already present the pools every node the network. new network command spread block headers with time critical priority. new network command spread block transactions hash list immediately after block header propagates. mining unverified blocks heuristic (mub). mining over block headers with unverified transactions with seconds fallback. block headers are flagged when they have transactions (except for coinbase) two prioritized streams for each connection protocol (psc). new message transport layer with message-slicing allowing two parallel sessions with distinct priority. this allows block headers sent over the high priority session and interrupt whatever message was being transmitted over the low priority session. local route optimization protocol (lro). local optimal block routing based peer priorities. local optimal transaction routing based peer priorities decor+ protocol for reward sharing between competing blocks. ghost protocol for chain weighting. rsk white paper overview page rsk feature comparison attempt compare rsk with other blockchains, and show that essentially rsk present better technical choices without eroding decentralization, where decentralization measured the inverse the cost running full-node instance. item average confirmation time bitcoin min. ethereum sec (ghost) factom min. (federated servers counterparty min. rsk sec. (decor+ghost) security threshold (due selfish mining) turing complete smart-contracts adds value bitcoin integration with bitcoin scalability via probabilistic verification and fraud proofs spv clients block relay backbone native support for user-defined access structures native support for user-defined signature schemes easy hardware wallet integration security guarantee between and (decor+ghost) yes yes planned yes overlay protocol overlay protocol yes (merge-mined) sidechain yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes shad miners ethash miners shad miners shad mergeminers federation confidential transactions via contract unique transaction scalability [tps] native token (malleab.) btc yes shad miners federation via external program native support planned using appecoin protocol yes unbounded eth unbounded factoid xcp launch btc via two-way peg yes rsk white paper overview page instant payments technology preview since the creation bitcoin there has been race towards lower intervals for pow block-chain based cryptocurrencies. first there was bitcoin with minute interval, then was litecoin using interval, then was dogecoin with minute, quarkcoin with seconds, and ethereum with seconds. every new cryptocurrency lowers little bit, but very few designers actually know what the implications doing are. understand how the block interval impacts the stability and capability the cryptocurrency network, several factors must taken into account. first all, the most important factor that affects the viability short confirmation intervals the number stale blocks generated. two other factors mainly affect the stale block rate: the block propagation protocol and the block propagation time from the top miners the top miners. for rsk we've carefully analyzed these factors and run simulations order verify the performance, usability and security the network. this section we'll review the new protocols rsk use reduce the stale block rate. decor+ protocol bitcoin, when two more miners have solved blocks equal height, there clear conflict interests. each competing miner wants his block selected the remaining miners the best-chain tip, while the remaining miners generally would not mind which one chosen. however, all the remaining honest miners and users would prefer that all them choose the same block tip, because this reduces the natural reversal probability. the ideal solution would incentivize the miners conflict choose the same parent also, and decor+ sets the right economic incentives for convergent choice, without requiring further interaction between miners. decor+, reward sharing strategy that incentivizes economically resolving the conflict such that: the conflict resolved deterministically when all parties have access the same block-chain state information. the chosen resolution the one that maximizes all miners revenue, both for miners conflict and for the rest. resolving the conflict takes negligible time. the block propagation protocol bitcoin and ethereum forward each block packing the block header with all the transactions contained the block. this strategy, while being the most easy analyze, known perform badly both regarding block propagation latency and bandwidth usage, which doubled. bitcoin miners partially solved this problem using the fast relay network: this centralized backbone that relays blocks compressed form, and maintained single user. rsk was born with fast relay network embedded into the network protocol, and the low latency properties emerge from the network topology and not require centralization. rsk white paper overview page two stage block propagation (sbp) rsk blocks are sent two stages: the first stage only the block header sent. the second stage the list hashes transactions included the block sent. using sbp the channel capacity doubled, allowing more transactions stored each block. after each node has received the block header and the transaction hash list associated with the block header, the node attempts reconstruct the block order fully verify it. push missing transactions protocol (pmt) since each node stores the hashes the transactions advertised its peers, the miner also sends immediately the transactions included the block that knows are missing each peer's pool. this eliminates completely the need second interaction request additional transactions. sending the missing transactions before they are asked peer third phase the sbp protocol. delayed transaction inclusion heuristic (dti) miners only include transactions that have been received before few seconds back. this assures with high probability that does transactions will have already been received peers before the block mined. note that delaying transactions miner best interest since reduces the block verification time and decreases the chances competing blocks. this optimization not required when mining unverified blocks heuristic (mub) effect the network. immediate block header propagation (ibhp) when block header up-to-date block received, nodes will forward the block header before checking the transactions the validity the block, and only checking the block pow and height forward time. this allows the header spread over the network less than second. two prioritized streams for each connection protocol (psc) each network connection comprises two logical bidirectional streams with two different priorities. the high priority stream used send the block header immediately even lower priority message being send the low-priority stream. mining unverified blocks heuristic (mub) nodes can then start mining empty block top the header even the transactions are still missing, during fixed interval. after that interval, they resume mining whatever block they were mining before. these empty blocks reduce the effective bandwidth and block-chain storage usage, but simulations show that dbi rsk white paper overview page used, the number empty blocks generated, and the space required for storing the empty blocks and the reduction tps low. local route optimization protocol (lro) reduce the number stale blocks important reduce the inter-miner transfer latency. rsk network dynamically optimized reduce the inter-miner latency and prioritize traffic between miners. other words, rsk embeds fast relay network the peer network, enhancing the gossip protocol with geolocation and optimal local routes. the inter-miner block forwarding path critical path for block propagation and extreme importance the peer network. the existence non-miner network nodes the peer network the critical path tend increase the rate stale blocks. non miner-nodes (such end-users monitoring nodes) the critical path can only serve the miners only weak anonymization hops. create the critical paths from only local node decisions, prioritization nodes done using the lro protocol. this protocol creates dynamic embedding directed acyclic graph (dac) into the random topology the rsk network, where this dac optimally connect the miners. re-using the bitcoin mining network concentrated mining network, having large mining pools, tend generate much less state blocks than complete distributed mining topology. therefore, regarding fast payments, cryptocoins based sha-d pow have advantage over non asicfriendly pow based cryptocoins. the real topology the network bitcoin design assumes the network similar random graph, having certain average out-degree and in-degree. while this far from true reality, network nodes take local decisions avoid forming geographical clusters (at least for the out-bound connections). this not the best topology help block propagation. the best topology for block propagation one that serves the top miners better, encouraging direct connections between them routing blocks faster between them. also direct miner-to-miner backbone can help decrease notably the number stale blocks. this has been proposed for bitcoin increase resilience from attacks. rsk uses the lro heuristics establish dynamic miner's backbone, without incurring the cost miner-to-miner authentication, miner's privacy, disclosure addresses and possibly associated dos attacks. the pow function verification time sha- very fast evaluate and the bitcoin pow verification time negligible. scrypt pow, the contrary, may take from milliseconds evaluate depending the parameters chosen (gpu asic "resistance"). protect the network from spamming and dos attacks, each node needs verify the block pow before forwarding the block header again, the verification delay gets multiplied the number hops the block critical path between miners. rsk white paper overview page client networking stack once node receives block header the best can reduce the creation stale blocks the network forward soon possible. this means that all other node activity should paused stopped. rsk design allows low-priority operations immediately canceled and accept re-tries. allow immediate forwarding, the client networking stack does not block the client transaction verification procedures other housekeeping activities, such chain re-organizations. this achieved rsk client that allows multi-threading and dynamically assign thread priorities boost the thread that has received the block header. the block overhead block headers most cryptocurrencies are small bytes) the header size (compared the whole block size) does not pose significant overhead. the rsk header larger, but the block header overhead does have noticeable negative impact the propagation time, since low-level network mtu generally bytes, which above the block header size. simulations we've simulated the block propagation using discrete event simulation built specifically for this purpose. the simulator simulates the interaction between small set top-miners, each one random graph where the hop distance between them near the average distance between nodes the network. even this not the worst case, since the best interest for top-miners well-connected, assume miners perform not worse than the average. the simulated events are the creation block one locations and the propagation the block each the other miner locations. the following results show the simulation rsk with block interval and tps (currently the block interval seconds). the key simulation result that transaction accepted with probability (reversal probability .%) before seconds have elapsed. note that this reversal probability does not take into account that the replacement fork may also contain the removed transaction, practice may much lower. safe merged mining merge mining technique that allows bitcoin miners mine simultaneously other cryptocurrencies with near zero marginal cost. the same mining infrastructure and setup they use mine bitcoins reused mine rsk simultaneously. this means that, rsk pays additional transaction fees, the incentive for merged mining high. but also means that the cost attack the network using pump-and-dump parallel chains below the cost attacking non-merged cryptocurrencies. rsk has several protections prevent attacks during the initial bootstrapping phase: rsk white paper overview page federated checkpoints: rsk clients expects checkpoints signed the federation members. the federation will include exchanges and other highly secure parties involved the success the platform. nodes use federated checkpoints detect sybil attacks and inform the user. mined coins maturity: each miner coin has hours maturity time, slightly higher than bitcoin. the increase coin maturity time reduces the incentives for pump-and-dump attacks. checkpoints embedded the source code transaction privacy rsk does not provide itself better transaction privacy than bitcoin and relies pseudonyms. nevertheless, the rsk turing-complete, anonymization technologies such coinjoin appecoin can implemented securely without third party trust. security merged mining has not been widely used alt-coins because during the initial cryptocurrency bootstrap period allows large bitcoin mining-pools disrupt the new cryptocurrencies with attacks. rsk implements federated checkpoints safe way bootstrap the platform and notably reduce this risk. also rsk will launched with minimum hashing power equivalent the bitcoin hashing power. the rsk foundation will monitor the network health and will use its alert system inform users and protect the network from rollback attacks. scalability rsk can scale far beyond bitcoin its current state. rsk payment requires fifth the size standard bitcoin payment, and the block payload per time interval times higher than bitcoin. also rsk will provide several user-selectable signature schemes: ecdsa, schnorr and ed. the last one being general several times more performant than bitcoin ecdsa curve. all things equal, rsk consumes average less bandwidth than bitcoin, since blocks not contain transaction data, but only references previously known transactions. storage and bandwidth usage can further reduced using probabilistic verification and fraud proofs. probabilistic verification and fraud proofs the cost owning full node the main factor that affects the degree centralization cryptocurrency. the higher the cost, the highest the centralization. believe however that the maximalist position decentralization implies that the cryptocurrency cannot become global payment network. both goals are rsk white paper overview page contradiction. bitcoin already provides highly decentralized network the block chain size limit sufficiently low ensure most individual users can take part. this allows rsk sidechain increase scalability beyond bitcoin while having bitcoin network guard against centralization the control the currency. believe that tradeoff between third party trust, network nodes trust and selfverification possible, and invite users find the ratio they are comfortable with. rsk platform allows nodes store and validate subset the full block-chain, order reduce the node cost. this done probabilistic verification and fraud proofs. probabilistic verification technique where (partial) node chooses randomly which blocks will verify, and accepts the remaining blocks good long some conditions are met: some time has elapsed, some confirmation blocks have been added, the network connectivity adequate, there was valid fraud proof broadcast and optionally some authoritative checkpoints have been broadcast. fraud proofs are blocks that are flagged "fraudulent". when node receives fraud proof checks block with the same height has been locally accepted (but not validated) and validates the block. invalid, then the local best chain reorganized accordingly. the cost broadcast fraudulent fraud proof high since fraud proofs also carry proof work. node that receives fraudulent fraud proof from peer bans the cheating peer. necessary, nodes will request initial proof work from peers prevent cheap dos using compromised ips. miners (both pow and federated) must full-nodes, attacker withholding block data (but broadcasting the header) does not affect the bestchain, miners will rapidly discard the attackers block. conclusions rsk represents the culmination years blockchain technology improvements and will allow the cryptocurrency ecosystem make use the best features programmable money and payments while increasing bitcoin (the currency) value. rsk white paper overview page will allow developers around the globe create personal and corporate decentralized solutions that run the most secure network worldwide with low transaction cost that fit ample range needs. will allow bitcoin miners participate the smart contract market adding significant value the mining industry and ensuring its long term sustainability. will contribute the creation broader base miners strengthening bitcoin network's security. will enable the development decentralized, instant and inexpensive financial system that will create inclusion and opportunities for three thousand million people who remain unbanked and financially impaired our world. rsk core team