white paper moscow this version the document the active phase development changes and corrections may still made table contents essentials the project glossary chapter the project russian mining company tasks sunrise miner, multiclet miner, comparative analysis production timeline chapter the science multicellular architecture industrial sample software chapter the technology distributed mining joint mining club division authority, specialization chapter the team r&d team production and placement team ico preparation team history rmc chapter ico rmc coin pre ico ico proposal for potential participants the rmc club allocation funds brought scenarios revenue from the rmc coin .guaranties juridical basis and legal guaranties disclaimer liability essentials the project rmc project which brings together two ideas: issuance miner altcoins having multiclet heightened energy efficiency; participation rmc joint mining club members the waiting period for the multiclet miner ready. what rmc special features the project: new generation multiclet processor has been developed have already launched production capabilities mining center technopolis (moscow), two additional units are under construction protection investments thanks time proven software the mycelium crypto-wallet users, billion funds users balance) own development security chip ensuring advantageous conditions the rmc joint mining club (at the level cryptography, the chip guaranties allocation the joint mining fund) ill. essentials the rmc project opportunity for everyone become the owner next generation miner enter the closed joint mining club the russian mining company the initial idea was born when two high tech entrepreneurs met: the head company developing multiclet processor the basis the post von neumann architecture, boris zyrianov, and the manufacturer dual purpose mining equipment, sergei bobylev. turned out that multiclet the ideal solution for efficient work with cryptocurrency algorithms with the pow consensus (bitcoin, monero, dash, z-cash etc.) result the meeting, the decision was taken unite the technologies and bring market the multiclet miner for altcoins which, according mathematical calculations, will times more efficient than equipment now being produced. since for optimization the processor, manufacture test sample and start production requires months, was decided attract investors with the already developed solution, the sunrise line-up, which sufficient for the work the joint mining club according the given scheme: sunrise miners are produced with built-in security chip; they are sold the population cost; the equipment carries -year guaranty, which makes the offer unique the market; when the miner operating, the hash right allocated the joint mining club account and distributed among rmc club members (%) and the club (%). this makes the club interested party its long-term work. result, get the largest decentralized farm the world with the most effective economic results. thus, the rmc project makes mining accessible the population, supporting the basic value blockchain network decentralization. glossary mining the activity supporting distributed platform and creating new blocks with the possibility receiving rewards the form new units and commission fees various crypto-currencies, particular, the bitcoin. payments are required protect against repeat spending one and the same units, and the reward stimulates people spend their computational capabilities and support the operation the networks. the russian mining coin (rmc) digital asset which gives the owner the right acquire new generation multiclet miner based processor with multicellular architecture the right acquire sunrise miner special price. the owner the coin also has the right participate the rmc joint mining club. new-generation multiclet miner based processor with multicellular architecture for altcoin mining. the sunrise miner which has equals its class, with the sha mining algorithm and pre-installed security chip, which transfers the capacity the miner the joint mining club pool. available retail sales from september the joint mining club community owners rmc coins which offers its members some free privileges and benefits that are described the contract. each sunrise miner allocates its computational power the joint mining pool. bitcoins obtained the pool are divided between the participants the joint mining club among owners rmc coins proportional the number rmc coins they own. distributed mining the technology distributed output cryptocurrencies which brings together low tariffs for electrical energy for the physical owner the miner and new productive line-up equipment for mining which part the computational power belongs the investor. the security chip each hash board guaranties the cryptography level fulfillment the agreement division the computational power the miner. the russian mining company project open, decentralized system full cycle development, implementation, production and management innovative equipment for mining based security chip each hash board and the leading chip multicellular architecture with unique energy efficiency. chapter the project russian mining company the modern industry world mining now has answer several serious questions. their solution will determine its future. tendencies consolidation mining pools one country china, absence consensus between chinese miners and the main players the market greatly influence the development blockchain technology. resolve the accumulated contradictions, need technological breakthrough and should made company not china. release revolutionary product ensures new standard productivity miners and will restore decentralization the network. russia world leader innovative technologies. innovative processor with multicellular architecture, combined with the technology decentralized mining makes possible create effective distributed system from investors, producers and miners which everyone interested the final result efficient mining. for the development and industrial production line-up new generation miners, group successful high tech russian companies has joined together the rmc group, having created products for which there nothing comparable the world: miner using the multicellular multiclet processor for mining altcoins and miner based the sunrise for mining the bitcoin. the rmc holding company consists of: ojsc multiclet. development processors, research office which develops highly productive and failure-resistant processor cores and processors with low energy consumption designed the basis russian multicellular architecture, well devices based them. "smartheat" design office. development miners. the combination came organized successful entrepreneurs who had great deal experience innovative business. applying non-standard technological solutions, the founders the company could combine new computational technologies with the need use heating russia's climate. super-compact installations having great computational power produce calculations while simultaneously giving off heat which becomes almost free. smartheat also produces device for working with distributed computations, both asic processors and gpu under the pantech brand name which widely known russia. llc goodwin. production hash boards and software for microcontrollers. the russian telecommunications concern was founded for development, production and promotion high tech products using the dect standard. the company's divisions include cjsc concern goodwin (goodwin europe), cjsc erri+ and cjsc goodwin+, which develop and produce whole spectrum goods and software necessary for the deployment communications networks the dect standard, well array telecommunications equipment and household electronics for the consumer market under the goodwin trade name. our own high tech production (cjsc erri), located one the industrial zones moscow and equipped with modern automatic lines for surface assembly printed circuit boards (smd assembly) and testing systems the leading manufacturers (philips, rhode schwarz, samsung, agilent). the concern also developer base stations the lte standard, new generation networks for data transmission. llc radius group production. serial assembly miners the system integrator radiusgroup specialized developing complex hardware-software and engineering solutions for business. radiusgroup has been working the market since and successful and fast growing company. key competences the field building modern engineering networks, development and deployment complex information systems for managing structured and unstructured information, erp-systems for managing enterprise and systems based electronic document flow. the company carries out whole set outsourcing services for information infrastructure, well outsourcing software based its own data centers. tasks the priority tasks the russian mining company project are: development and deployment the new generation multiclet miners based the processor with multicellular architecture; lowering the cost purchasers the sunrise miner; creation distributed mining network; organizing the joint mining club. the sunrise miner the sunrise miner for mining bitcoins has the following technical specification and advantages: ill. sunrise miner launch the first shipment: september fixed purchase cost for rmc: *price without vat and other taxes the receiving country. taxes are paid the buyer addition.' basic specifications: mining algorithm: sha full computational power: th/s which: th/s (received the physical owner) th/s (allocated the joint mining club) power requirements: .-. processor architecture: advantages: best roi its class possibility colocation central unit radiushost radiushost.ru connection the rmc club ssl multiclet miner the multiclet miner the first the world work the processor with multicellular architecture. the multiclet miner has the following technical specifications and advantages: ill. multiclet miner current status: the chip ready calculations have been made productivity the basic cryptocurrenies using the mathematical model the multiclet chip processor: the latest dsp processor (chip for mining) not the basis the von neumann architecture multicellular architecture dynamic reconfiguration simultaneous performance multiple tasks mining for altcoins with the pow protocol consensus advantages: reduces electricity consumption times year guaranty and roi less than hours the most powerful and safest the world comparative analysis comparative analysis the bitcoin miners presented below: pantech bitmain sunrise th/s, th/s, tn/s, $,* roi months roi months roi months guaranty for less than the roi period! guaranty for less than the roi period! record indicator -year guaranty ill. comparative specifications the bitcoin miners production timeline august september carry out the pre-ico and ico september launch production the new sunrise miner (btc) with security chip and possibility joint mining. start work development the multiclet miner based the obtained mathematical model the chip. september july research, development and creation the multiclet chip and miner, mass production and sale sunrise miners. july exchange rmc coin for miner and multiclet miner continuation joint mining sunrise miners. start production multiclet miners july september production multiclet miners depending the number rmc coins october launch work the multiclet miners. october october guaranty period the work the multiclet miner chapter the science multicellular architecture brief basis the architecture the multicellular processor consists four cells. the architecture encompasses the following four principles: the cells are independent and identical; there central control block; the cells can joined together any configuration any quantity; one and the same program can carried out any number cells; works when there task perform. the operational algorithm does not depend the number cells. moreover, the cells are identical and not important which them one another command performed. for example, imagine the usual garden sprinkler. you not think about how many openings has when you are watering your garden. dynamic reconfiguration high productivity ensured the multicellular architecture the processor, which works more efficiently thanks its dynamic reconfiguration. reconfiguration the capability the cells unite into group without resetting the processor and distributed. for example, two cells can work computation. one cell the periphery and transmission information; the remaining cell, analysis the sensors. savings power consumption major competitive advantage the architecture this type low energy consumption with maximal output. low energy consumption achieved thanks the simplicity the realization the given architecture and use the principle wide-broadcast distribution. the multicellular core does not superfluous operations. works when there task for do. thus, the represents new class processors. the present time, one has made such processors anywhere the world. the new qualitative advantages allow position the principally new and highly efficient product microprocessor technology. the processor being created the basis the processor. firstly, the multiclet processor will consist cells. the analog-digital converter and the digital-analog converter will eliminated, since they not participate mining. therefore, one can say that the whole the architecture will simpler than the secondly, the was designed technology, while the based technology processes. the selection the technology was not accidental. present already has been sufficiently accepted around the world. the design chip, the nm, takes place surface. there great quantity ready libraries for software and sufficient number specialists with experience. industrial sample the basis the multiclet processor, the engineers goodwin and smartheat will develop and produce sample multiclet miner technology the course months from the end the ico. the finished product industrial sample the multiclet miner will released already august the same time, llc radius group will produce assembly the sunrise miner the basis chips from bitfury with pre-installed security chip. the finished products will sold private individuals free sale for the formation network distributed mining. software the mobile mycelium wallet which became very popular within the bitcoin community. its source code open access. present available android. integration with cashila and coinapult allow users easily convert funds. now there full support for using trezor. mycelium has number advantages: quick connection the bitcoin network through super nodes located various data processing centers; the balance displayed currencies; transaction history with full information each deal; built-in code scanner; export qr-code keys, both exchange buffer and the form encrypted pdf files; the possibility share the bitcoin address through nfc, twitter, facebook email. the mycelium wallet enjoys the trust users around the world. billion dollars the accounts. chapter the technology distributed mining distributed mining the technology distributed production cryptocurrencies bringing together new accessible product line-up equipment for mining which allows create efficiently operating decentralized network with low costs for mining. the security chip each hash board and the special software the miner guaranties division computational power between the owners the miner the basis the joint mining club. the following factors are the preconditions for the creation such network russia: proficit electricity capacity mw; cheap electrical energy; reliable electric power system; cold climate; affordable price the sunrise miner for the population. the ico process, anyone can become member the rmc club acquiring rmc coin, which gives the right purchase the most modern and productive miner altcoins, the multiclet, well the right participate the joint mining club for btc output the sunrise si. joint mining club the joint mining club accessible only owners the rmc coin club which the computational power each sunrisesi miner allocated. the owner rmc coin will receive digital assets from the total mining pool proportional the number coins that owns. division authority, specialization for fastest possible entry onto the market with new product line-up miners, several companies have joined form single consortium: llc goodwin, llc radius group, ojsc multiclet and llc smart heat. precise division authority and production processes within the system makes possible reach the goals set within the planned deadlines. ojsc multiclet development the multicellular processor for mining; llc smartheat (smartheat design office) development the multiclet miner the basis the processor, the system for cooling the equipment, interaction with the pools; llc goodwin manufacturer the hash board and software for microcontrollers; llc radius group -manufacturing capacity, serial assembly the products. technology partners ill. specialization the member companies the rmc consortium researh and development ojsc multiclet. development the chip for use mining multiclet.com smartheat research and development smartheat.io production and placement llc radius group. manufacturing capacity radiusgroup.ru llc goodwin. development boards goodwin.ru chapter the team r&d team boris zyrianov catalyst the project, technology partner, general director ojsc multiclet sergei bobylev ideologist the project, generator ideas, developer dual purpose devices miners-boilers, miners-heaters, founder the company smartheat production and placement team dmitry marinichev project founder, transforms ideas into concepts and brings them new level. responsible for public relations, development and promotion. heads the company radius group. mikhail nagorsky technological support the project development hardware solutions. nikolai streltsov inventor the multicellular architecture, technical director ojsc multiclet aleksei demidov system architect, developer software for mining pools and administrator the joint mining services. lead engineer programmer the company llc radius group ico preparation team natalya shatokhina project manager. chief staff for development solutions transition government institutions digital platforms. konstantin alenov financial consultant the project. development the financial model. financial director llc radius group oksana bobyleva project coordinator. director the blockchain laboratory the ecosystem history rmc founding the smartheat design office. launch production dual purpose miners (miners-boilers). http://smartheat.io/ru/ summer beginning joint work with the company llc radius group, organization the firm joint mining (asic) the basis the central unit (tsod). http://www.radiusgroup.ru/ autumn beginning joint work with the company llc goodwin. beginning work the security chip for the possibility division income from mining between the pool investors and support for the functioning joint mining. http://www.goodwin.ru/ december getting know the company multiclet. start development the mathematical model for new generation miner the basis the mathematical model for the multiclet processor. http://multiclet.com/ april presentation the new pantech miner adapted for use russia. beginning sales pantech miners various buyers through dealer network. june start preparation for the ico. chapter ico rmc coin the rmc coin the digital asset the system recorded the colored coins format http://coloredcoins.org the basis the bitcoin blockchain with open source code. the rmc coin the basic instrument intra-system communication, well the asset which confirms membership the joint mining club.. only the rmc coin gives the right exchange for multiclet miner and participation the joint mining club privileged purchase the miner si. objective the issuance the objective the rmc issuance attract cash funds the project equivalent usd. volume the issuance only rmc will issued. buy-back coins possible means exchange for miners. advantages the rmc coin functional multiclet processor; joint production the cheap and reliable miners sunrise with -year guaranty, roi months; existing production capacity mw; mycelium software; own pool from the project bitcoin-russia.ru; developed security chip ensuring that the entire computational capacity goes the joint mining club; finance plan that divides proceeds from the ico into flows: for development and production the multiclet miner and for purchase components and production the sunrise miner with security chip; the interest the producer the long-term reliable functioning the miners: the security chip guaranties participation the rmc club members joint use the equipment; team professionals with successful experience implementing innovations. pre ico the pre-ico rmc begins august during the pre-ico, the cost rmc coin comes usd without vat. the threshold participation the investor cannot less than usd. this stage, possible pay rub usd. ico time period for carrying out the ico ..- ... the cost rmc coin amounts between and usd depending the time purchase during the ico. the threshold participation coin. after completion the ico, the rmc can freely transferred third party via the mycelium wallet. pre-sale transaction period rmc coin threshold participation ico transaction period rmc coin from threshold participation coin after the ico carried out, new coins will longer issued the number multiclet miners limited. target ill. rmc project: conditions pre-ico and ico offer for potential participants the rmc club rmc usd purchase rmc coins for btc, eth, usd, ruv; possibility free transfer (sale) coin third parties; the benefits coin owners members the joint mining club; special price for the sunrise si; the possibility take ownership ready multiclet miner remain the joint mining club; reliable mycelium software; the possibility place equipment with club partners. allocation funds received the project stipulates allocation the funds obtained from the ico according the following scheme: proceeds from sale miners mining million million bitfury chips million casing and kit chip development miner development chip issue board test investors months sunrise miner operation assembling and sale individuals months r&d multiclet million ico million months multiclet sample joint mining club after months, the investor has choice to: get the ready multiclet miner stay the joint mining club months stay receive ready multiclet miner ill.. scheme for allocation ico funds scenarios income from the rmc coin several scenarios yield from the rmc coin are possible. negative indicates income per rmc (%-%) included the capacity pool sunrise miners. the calculation has been made given the sale units sunrise for every half year over the course years. reduction income years due reduction income per unit capacity, complication computations. income calculated the current btc exchange rate income per rmc the sunrise mining pool, year year year year year ill. income the pool sunrise mining positive the multiclet miner stopped being produced the agreed time periods: income from the first year capacity sunrise the pool. next exchange rmc for multiclet and exit from the pool. years superior income from multiclet mining. income for rmc the sunrise mining pool and exit with allotment multiclet, year year year year year ill. income the sunrise mining pool taking into account the exchange rmc for multiclet independent operations with the coin used for purchase the sunrise miner and further independent mining it. income from independent sunrise mining after purchase exchange for rmc the first sunrise allotment and exit from the joint mining club. income per rmc exit with allotment sunrise, year year year year year ill. income when buying sunrise and engaging independent mining. chapter guaranties juridical basis and legal guaranties the foundation the project juridical construction which makes possible regulate and establish the respective rights for members the rmc club. the russian mining coin digital asset which gives the right acquire new generation multiclet miner, and also the right acquire sunrise miner special price. addition, the owner the coin becomes participant the joint mining club. facto, the rmc coin asset which attests the existence obligations between the parties. the lack legal status cryptocurrency the allowed the developers the project view digital asset created the mining process and the same time discount coupon which gives the right purchase rmc coin reduced price. moreover, the level discount for purchase coin directly proportional the amount invested digital assets (cryptocurrency). the right membership the joint mining club confirmed the rmc coin. the right membership can transferred means transfer the coin either for compensation non-compensated basis. disclaimer responsibility information this document can changed and updated without preliminary notification. this document its separate parts cannot copied reproduced without the written permission the russian mining company. the task this document only provide information potentially interested people. the information presented this document not legally binding any sense the word and does not amount offer sell shares securities. the multicellular revolution! general ico questions: ico@rmc.one sales: sales@rmc.one mass media and pr: pr@rmc.one korean: korea@rmc.one chinese: china@rmc.one english: english@tmc.one for detailed information: sales@rmc.one www.rmc.one