sfe memorandum for the sale token memorandum for the sale token the sfe foundation approved the foundation board january memorandum for the sale token general information for the sale token issuer rights and equity sfe foundation, ky- grand cayman, cayman islands, owner the token offered for sale herein, represented the chairman the board, confirms that all information contained this document correct and that substantial circumstances have been left out. beneficiary rights the sfe foundation and voting rights are obtained through the purchase token offered herein. grand cayman, january diego mourad chairman the board sfe foundation recommended that each potential subscriber the token offered herein should inquire their country residence concerning the tax implications relative the purchase token. registration jurisdiction the sfe foundation was incorporated september george town, cayman islands under the registration number gc-. the issuing company foundation subject the laws cayman islands. the board directors and officers act accordance with the company's bylaws and articles incorporation and declare, that, present, there are pending court proceedings that could have effect the company's economic situation. tax matters issue volume total ... token are issued. payments dividends all payments for the purchase token referred this memorandum are paid wire transfer the address the company. there will disbursement dividends and such disbursement intended the future. issue purpose the purpose this token sale raise the necessary capital for implementing the company's strategic business plan for the development and market introduction blockchain technology based search network for property items. minimum subscription equivalent chf traded sfe token (sf) the daily exchange rate.* the daily exchange rate can viewed www.coinmarketcap.com. blockchain revolution security the digital world. sfe interface that transfers this revolution the real world. content executive summary the sfe idea market overview the sfe network portfolio identity protection cooperations benefits marketing strategy business model canvas swot analysis why sfe business plan general business plan financial plan sfe management sfe token sale important notice for token buyers disclaimer the sfe token token sales contract (sample) documents review all documents pertaining this memorandum can reviewed the foundation's offices, sfe foundation, ky- grand cayman, cayman islands, one the foundation's representative offices. the problem theft and fencing* crime are two growing global problems. the most effective catalyst these problems identify rightful property ownership practical and reliable way. all property possesses market value, and when property stolen, that market value reduced, but there still remains the trading value. this trading value the incentive for theft and fencing crime. *the act reselling stolen property the solution this time there way know who owns what property, thieves and fencers can make money with their crimes. making objects identifiable will decrease the value stolen objects. individuals participating fencing will begin have items taken away from them, police return stolen items their rightful owners. fencing profits will drastically reduced, and eventually, these crimes will cease profitable. executive summary memorandum for the sale token the sfe idea the right idea the right time sfe decentralized search network for property, i.e. physical objects, that based blockchain technology. similar the wide spread search-engines the internet, users can add and search entries. the difference the sfe search engine that the network made physical objects. addition, having blockchain technology the foundation the network allows all user transactions and personal data cryptographically anonymized. the concept resembles global lost-and-found office: the sfe network's main goal find and identify lost stolen objects, order return them their rightful owners. achieve this, the sfe network accessible everyone and offers users two general functions: objects can registered and reported the network case loss theft. objects can searched, verified and reported discovered, i.e. user discovers object previously reported lost stolen the rightful owner. the term object describes nearly any conceivable form physical property, that represents value its owner. next valuables and objects any kind, this term also includes pets and animals general. background even with today's technology not possible report stolen lost physical objects, property general, real-time through convenient, anonymous, user friendly manner, and make such information available worldwide. therefore, there possibility inquire the ownership status object through global search network, i.e. object found intended for purchase. for this reason the chances locating stolen lost items, most cases, are very slim. this lack reliable system what makes theft and all connected crime possible. criminals can easily and openly move stolen goods and market them anywhere the world. the reasons for this problem are: loss and theft themselves, varying international jurisdictions, laws, database formats and access rights, well very slow administrative processes. the combination these factors completely obstruct the flow, exchange and accessibility information pertaining property ownership. mission sfe's mission fight organized crime, theft and fencing with effective tool. the strategy provide people around the world the possibility protect their property, which will render theft and fencing crime unattractive, their initial incentives diminish. through cooperations with official authorities and commercial partners, constant innovation and through implementation rewards program that animates participation the network, sfe will provide service the public effectively reducing crime. memorandum for the sale token the sfe idea protecting value creating value sfe's goal protect property, while the same time creating added value for network users. this achieved through strategy, that based four central elements: protect identify prevent reward sfe protects property and ownership identity creating network, where the ownership status objects and owner identities can registered cryptographically anonymized form. sfe offers users the ability verify and identify the ownership status objects anytime and anywhere practical and convenient way. sfe prevents theft and fencing crime making property ownership status identifiable, thus eliminating the trading value lost and stolen goods, which the same time eliminates the incentive for crime. sfe rewards the active participation the network and fights crime rewarding users for identifying and reporting lost stolen objects the network. this strategy put into effect the sfe network itself: provides the possibility register property, which makes the ownership status identifiable, therefore preventing crime, and rewards users for their participation the network. first mover innovation engine sfe will establish its services the market the first mover and secure its position consequently expanding the company's technological lead through the development new products and innovative solutions. the initiators are convinced that sfe holds immense potential for improving security and reducing crime global scale. the ownership status property identifiable anywhere and anytime, theft simply becomes unattractive. sfe will certainly not solve the global crime problem, but considering its dimension, even reduction would represent improvement for society and establish sfe leading company the field security and crime prevention. memorandum for the sale token market overview reference market germany the presented figures intend provide impression the scale theft crime and the problem lost items country regarded safe and well organized due the high level presence law enforcement agencies and officers. according official crime statistics and police reports issued the german federal ministry the interior, over million cases theft were reported germany the actual number cases likely substantially higher, because not all thefts are reported. estimated, that only approx. all theft crimes are reported. interesting fact is, that theft represents the total crimes reported, making the largest single portion all recorded crimes. the same time, theft the area with frighteningly low level solved cases: only cases stolen property were solved. this equals reconnaissance rate approx. resulting approx. million items not returned their rightful owners. these figures only represent half the picture: these statistics, that only represent stolen property, must complemented the approx. million items that are reported lost per year germany. with only about being retrieved, this results about million items lost forever, large part which will reenter the market through fencing crime. with stolen objects, the statistics only depict part the volume, only about lost objects are reported. therefore, the actual number lost objects can assumed substantially higher. global market demonstrate the magnitude stolen and lost property global scale, the following figures give further insight into international statistics. million objects are reported lost per year the usa. million vehicles are stolen every year over countries. million burglaries per year are reported worldwide. million baggage items are reported lost the every year. million bicycles per year are reported stolen the eu. laptops disappear from airports the usa every week. laptops disappear every week from the largest airports the eu. considering these facts, seams realistic assume that the total global volume lost and stolen objects worldwide results far more than billion objects per year. this inconceivable volume translates into market potential billion transactions for sfe. memorandum for the sale token market overview the sfe concept sfe's concept based number public and individual needs, which total represent large demand. sfe intends fulfill this demand rendering service society, while the same time establishing valid business model. theft crime unfortunately growing problem our society and sfe has recognized the importance reducing it. therefore, given the proportion this issue and since concerns everyone, any reduction crime, even only marginal, can considered service society. protecting property natural public and individual requirement and increasing property safety obvious need especially light the ever present crime issue. therefore, any increment property security can considered fulfillment public and individual demand. security issue growing importance many societies around the world. life has become unsafe and many people long for the feeling security. protecting their property and knowing that theft crime declining, this feeling security can regained. locating property, while the same time adhering privacy protection, additional need that unfortunately not thoroughly attended to, although today's technology could solve this problem great extent. considering the nearly inconceivable amount lost and stolen items worldwide, providing technologies and services that render property location possible are regarded service society. unclear property ownership one the basic sources for the problem theft and all related forms crime. obviously, criminal energy itself another source, but property ownership clearly identifiable, respectively items locatable, then fundamental motive for theft and fencing eliminated. item cannot sold, traded marketed because identifiable lost stolen and locatable, simply looses its value. additionally, identifiable ownership and locatable items drastically increase the risk being caught when marketing such items. this fact further adds the risk crime itself the point making unattractive simply put, too risky. instead developing product for which demand must first generated creating need, sfe has developed solution for existing demand and reacts urgent global need. memorandum for the sale token the sfe network basic functions the sfe network the core offering sfe network, that offers the following basic functions all users free charge: registration user the sfe network. registration, management and transfer property rights the object inventory. search, verification, identification objects the network (i.e. when found intended for purchase). reporting discovered identified objects (with lost stolen ownership status the network). registration user users register through the sfe app access the interface, where they can import existing (digital) wallet generate one locally manage their sfe token. order register, users must provide common identification information. soon this process completed, users can register, organize report objects and manage their token. registration, management and transfer ownership rights users register and manage objects through options the interface. order register object unique identification vectors, like serial number and specific object description must provided and assigned corresponding object category. alternative, when serial number available, visual features the object can collected via photo and video enable pattern recognition. upon object registration users must confirm that they are legal ownership the registered object. this regulation shall prevent users from registering objects, that are not their legal possession. this could the case, users seek register found stolen objects their name and would imply intentional fraud. nevertheless, improbable that users will attempt register found stolen objects their property, because doing would imply voluntarily informing global network that they are illegal possession such objects. cases doubtful incomplete ownership and object information, cases registration attempts with identical object information, sfe will request additional proof ownership form bills, contracts any other type ownership proof, order clearly confirm ownership status. soon object has been registered the network, users can instantly report theft loss through the sfe app. once object reported lost stolen, will immediately (real-time) tagged such the sfe network and will recognizable lost stolen object users worldwide. addition, users can transfer property ownership their objects, i.e. when object sold over the sfe network. personal information users and object owners only visible for sfe and other network users with the explicit approval the owner the information. registration the network, well the registration, search and identification objects anonymized and encrypted compliance with data privacy and protection regulations. memorandum for the sale token the sfe network search, verification and identification users search, verify and identify objects through the search function the sfe app. providing unique identification information through the various upload options, the network can browsed for matching objects. this function available any time and any where, which crucial for sfe's practicability: user finds object intends purchase (private sale) the ownership status the object can verified immediately. this function prevents unintended purchases stolen lost property and reduces fencing crime. addition, the finder can initiate the return lost objects they discover. so, users report discovered objects through the reporting option the sfe app, which available during the search process. (this option becomes available, search has resulted the identification matching object. such cases users can choose inform sfe about their discovery.) reporting the discovery lost stolen object requires the submission information proving that the discovered object has fact been located, and that identical the object reported lost stolen the network. for this reason, reporting the discovery object will only recognized the network, its unique identification information provided proof serial number and visual confirmation through photo and video. through this process unjustified and inaccurate reports discovered items are kept minimum. basic functions registration, search, verification and reporting transfer ownership rights user register user search and verify objects register objects report objects (owner) sfe network user value creates growth sfe's mission and vision protect value creating value. therefore, there paywall (mandatory payment for services rendered) for the basic functions. nevertheless, the full functionality and operability the network can provided and secured through these free basic functions. through participation the network free charge users are animated activity and value created. this strategy enables rapid growth the network, thus increasing its effectiveness, which further increases user value: the more users participate the network, the higher its coverage is. this results increment prevented and resolved cases and this means increased property security. memorandum for the sale token the sfe network extended functions the sfe network sfe aims protect property and reduce crime making theft and fencing less attractive and more risky. this mission can only fulfilled, the network has high number users. addition, the effectiveness the network determined the activity the network participants. therefore the goal animate many users possible participate the network and actively participate the network.. achieve this, the sfe rewards program based smart contracts was developed extended function the network. this program designed encourage users participate and engage activity receiving reward sfe token from legitimate owners for reporting discovered objects marked lost stolen. the amount each reward will set the owner when they report the loss theft item. the smart contracts are depicted sfe token within the system and are required for participation the sfe rewards program, the token depicts the escrow contract between sfe and the donor (owner) and recipient (finder) the reward. this escrow contract certifies the contractual conditions and ensures that the tendered reward the donor can only granted two conditions are fulfilled: identification the object confirmed the object returned when the contract activated and the reward tendered, commission the reward automatically deducted and credited the sfe network. addition, the reward donor must determine period for which the reward will tendered. soon the contract activated, the tendered reward remains bound the escrow contract after deduction sfe's commission until: the period specified has expired. the reported object was found returned and the reward was paid out. the notification status the object canceled. (this can the case, object that was believed have been lost stolen was found the owner himself.) the transfer the reward the sfe escrow account ensures that the tendered reward can paid out the finder the property necessary. the use the token smart contract ensures that subsequent changes can made the contract conditions. the sfe rewards program divided into two rewards: flag reward and success reward. the tendered reward divided between these two rewards according the following key: flag reward granted the identification the object has been confirmed. success reward granted the object was returned the owner. soon the respective condition has been fulfilled, the corresponding reward granted. the fulfillment the requirements must confirmed the owner the object (reward donor) that the reward can paid out the recipient's wallet. memorandum for the sale token the sfe network sfe rewards requirements the flag reward granted user has identified object reported lost stolen. for this purpose, the user must report via the app where and what condition the object located, who owns or, applicable, offers for sale. addition, the identification features must verified entering serial numbers uploading photos and videos. possible, the location should determined and transmitted via the geodata the mobile phone. the owner the object receives the finder's information via the sfe app and can then confirm reject it. any exchange object information takes place via the communication function the sfe app. thus the identity the users always preserved. the information confirms that the detected object lost stolen object, the user receives the flag reward. this case, sfe will initiate series processes return the object its rightful owner. this can done, for example, making information available the responsible authorities. the procedure depends the nature the object, its location and other individual circumstances. after reporting discovered object and initiating appropriate measures, users have the opportunity earn the success reward: the success reward granted the information provided leads object being returned its rightful owner. this can done, for example, the object being taken into custody authority and being returned the rightful owner. this reward only granted after the owner has received the object back and marked received the system. basic functions and rewards program deposit rewards sfe escrow pay out rewards commission user report loss theft search and verify objects tender reward report objects (owner) sfe network user return object through sfe the rewards program ensures that sfe can provide the basic functions the network free charge. the same time the economic interests the company are safeguarded through the participation paid rewards. memorandum for the sale token portfolio additional sfe products and services (non-commercial users) order diversify the product portfolio and use the know-how available the company, sfe offers range other products product lines addition the sfe network: sfe online shop the online shop serves generate further revenues from the number users the network leading users the online shop order purchase products there. furthermore, the online shop serves the marketing own products which sfe has already developed which are development. the online shop divided into areas for private and commercial users: private users can purchase security products from sfe and third parties. this area also accessible users not registered the sfe network. commercial users have access specialized services offered sfe via business area. this area exclusively accessible commercial cooperation partners sfe. sfe the sfe coding system that allows users protect almost any object with code. the individual code generated the app, giving users two options: print the personal code sticker (adhesive foil) and attach the object. print the personal code and have applied the object through laser engraving.* the object can then registered with its sfe cde (further) identification feature the personal inventory. the sfe also serves marketing tool, which will used for promotional purposes. for this purpose, forgery-proof stickers with individual codes are distributed free charge. these can then attached any object and registered the sfe network. sfe trckr the sfe trckr planed two different versions: positioning transmitter based satellite positioning technology that allows the sfe app locate almost any type object which tracker can attached. rfid technology based transmitter that enables the sfe app identify and verify any object which the tracker mounted. these technologies have already been developed production maturity third-party suppliers and will become part the product portfolio sourced products. addition that, sfe will dedicate itself intensively the further development these technologies order make them smaller and more efficient while also making way develop specialized products and applications: e.g. bike tracker, key tracker, pet tracker, etc. sfe also committed the development new technologies for the production its products. laser engraving process that widely offered. sfe will create directory with providers the course the market introduction the sfe cd, order guarantee simple, transparent and convenient procedure for users. memorandum for the sale token portfolio additional sfe products and services (commercial users) sfe decentralized network that generates and processes large amounts data. this data generally divided into three overlapping categories: data from registrations object data: specific properties the registered objects geographical distribution: where which objects are registered grouping: which objects are frequently registered conjunction with other objects data from objects value: specific values individual objects and total value individual inventories state: individual states objects age: age and usage period specific objects frequency: the quantities how many certain objects exist. data from movement theft: which objects are stolen loss: which objects are lost recovery: which objects are recovered discovered geographical distribution: where which objects are stolen lost rediscovered data from users gender classification: which gender register which objects age classification: which age groups register which objects distribution: how objects are distributed among specific owners grouping: which groupings exist among specific owners theft: which users (groups) suffer theft (location, time, frequency) loss: which users (groups) suffer losses (location, time, frequency) replacement: which users (groups) discover objects (location, time, frequency) all data generated and processed completely anonymously. neither sfe nor third parties can view any identity personal data. all data processed strict compliance with the general data protection regulation (gdpr). data that sfe makes available commercial partners does not allow any conclusions drawn about the identities the original producers this data. memorandum for the sale token portfolio additional sfe products and services (commercial users) the above listing data only exemplary excerpt the total data volume, several thousand possible data records and data combinations can generated. search algorithms can then used generate specific statistics from existing data sets. there are almost many possible search algorithms there are data sets. therefore, few examples are listed below: which objects are most frequently registered? which objects are most frequently lost? where (town, city, district, etc.) are which objects stolen most frequently? how often are certain objects (e.g. bicycles) stolen certain location (e.g. zurich)? which objects still register owners bicycles? what the average value mobile phones lost users aged this list search algorithms can continued and this important for sfe, because such data has very high value for many companies. the one hand, because the procurement such data very complex, the other hand, because the generation such specific data very cost-intensive least for enterprises which are not specialized the generation such data. the possibility access such data sets with individual search algorithms are interest and high value, especially for companies dealing with risk assessment and forecasting. first and foremost, insurers should mentioned this context: they can use such data sets, for example, determine where most vehicles are stolen. consequence, they could then refuse insure vehicles from these areas and thus reduce claims settlements. the unique data quality the data generated sfe not only great use for internal purposes: due its almost unlimited combination possibilities, such data also enables the development diverse applications: e.g. tour operator could offer app that shows which city district the crime rate particularly high. this would prevent tourists from getting into such areas unknowingly. the other hand, insurer could use the same data determine which type trips which places tourists most frequently report theft and then offer special insurance for this purpose. consider the value social media portals, which can estimate means photos and entries which hobbies the platform participants have, which places they like travel, for example. sfe's data sets have significantly higher quality, because they can provide, for example, information about which model certain object particularly popular with which age group, and which other objects the owners this object usually own. this much more valuable information than the knowledge about the identities the owners generated social media platforms. monetization data obviously, the monetization user data big and much-discussed problem. social media platforms particular have discredited this field business constantly disregarding all laws. sfe cannot violate any laws because all data cryptographically encrypted. thus any negligent handling identity data impossible. moreover, the business model not based identity data but anonymous movement and property data objects, combined with classifications, such age gender groups, which neither allow conclusions drawn about identities nor contain any sensitive data. memorandum for the sale token identity protection encryption personal data the network previously stated, all object and owner data, i.e. identity data, cryptographically encrypted and thus anonymized. this the reason why sfe based blockchain technology which also enables reliable cryptographic encryption. anonymizing data, impossible for network participants associate any objects with their owners and vice versa. this not only important for data protection reasons, but also for the security the network participants: excludes the possibility criminals being able spy potential victims. sfe also does not know the individual object and owner data, with the exception the login data basic data provided the user during registration. this data used exclusively for administration and communication with users. conclusions about objects registered users their portfolio cannot drawn from this basic data. release personal data the network the sole responsibility the users the owner their personal object and identity data decide their release. the release such data may necessary, for example: owner and finder object want communicate directly (both agree) the owner and finder agree that the finder will return the object directly the owner. owner wants release data for use communication with authorities owner wants sfe act intermediary for the repatriation the property returning objects due the anonymity the network participants, not possible return objects their owners they refuse release their identity data. for this reason, users can use sfe intermediary sending the objects sfe (or sfe contractor). since sfe has the basic data, objects can sent the addresses stored this data. general, owners and finders can establish direct communication via the sfe app and organize the return object between themselves. this particularly useful there geographical proximity. this could the case, for example, someone loses object which found minutes later. the owner and finder the object could therefore organize themselves uncomplicated way and agree the return. since shipping costs will incurred for the return objects certain cases, the principle freight collect always applies: depending the country and individual circumstances, shipments must marked freight collect handled according this principle. this means that the recipient always bears the costs the return. freight collect shipment not possible and the finder pays the costs, sfe will ask the recipient reimburse the finder for these expenses. this reimbursement also takes place through sfe token. sfe can also act intermediary organize the return the object the event disagreement regarding the return conditions. memorandum for the sale token cooperations implementation sfe with official authorities sfe intends establish long-term cooperations with public official authorities, organizations and institutions that are, the broadest sense, connected with the fight against crime. this due the wellknown problem that the networking international authorities has various weaknesses. this particularly concerns the free flow information and cross-border, shared access data (databases). incompatible legislation and slow administration intensify the problems and not foreseeable when and mutually agreed solution will reached international level the near future. nevertheless, even large number authorities involved investigation and prosecution were join forces the shortest possible time, this would not solve the problem the identifiability property ownership objects, since networking international databases does not include those actually affected: the owners. for search network like sfe work, owners must have the ability register, verify and report lost, stolen and discovered objects. this possibility does not exist the part official authorities: there practicable application for this, which also globally networked and can only estimated how long would take for all participants international project this magnitude agree system procedure. also questionable whether all authorities and institutions could agree develop system based blockchain technology ensure the anonymity users. addition, unlikely that representatives public authorities would agree rewards program similar the sfe rewards program. but this fundamental basis generate network participation and activity, without which such system almost inoperable. sfe therefore valuable service for public authorities from third party that not dependent public decision-making processes and can therefore quickly implement effective solution the problem. cooperation with public authorities, sfe pursues clear goal: equip many officers, patrols, investigators, and customs officials possible with the sfe app. technically this already feasible many countries, since today almost every officer has mobile phone. case suspicion, this would make possible check the property status objects carried every traffic identity check the spot real time. possibility that was previously unavailable. using sfe, the investigation and prosecution theft criminality and fencing will become much more efficient and the reconnaissance rates will increase. this, turn, the primary motive any authority involved fighting crime: high rate solving crimes. not only internal processes, such promotions, depend this, but many countries the success rates also determine the amount funds granted the state. addition, the use sfe can significantly reduce administrative costs and the workload public authorities. this also important argument for the implementation sfe. memorandum for the sale token cooperations strategy for official cooperation partners the expansion sfe will make more difficult for criminals move stolen property: the risk being caught increases dramatically with sfe. the increasing risk being caught acquiring possessing stolen property also affects the willingness potential buyers stolen property buy, the risk being caught acquiring stolen property also increases. these facts promote the success rates the authorities and are argument for the implementation sfe. encourage participation the network, sfe pursues two-stage strategy: sfe incentives public authorities through the rewards program and the increase the crime solving rates (besides the animation through the above mentioned added values). authorities encourage their staff use sfe with the rewards program and the prospect increase the number resolved cases. through this strategy, sfe can provide the authorities decision-makers with convincing arguments and the same time present arguments that will result the actual use sfe service. basic functions and rewards program for official cooperation partners deposit rewards pay out rewards sfe escrow commission user report loss theft search and verify objects tender reward report objects (owner) sfe network authority (interface officers) return object through sfe officers revenues from cooperations with official authorities are also generated through the sfe rewards program, which sfe participates through commission. the difference private users lies the fact that authorities (their employees) will not register their own objects users, but will use the network for searching, verifying and identifying objects. the rewards program and the rewards granted can used public authorities, for example, create incentives and reward their employees for success but only they are allowed so. otherwise, distributed rewards may donated used for charitable purposes. memorandum for the sale token cooperations implementation sfe with commercial partners commercial partners will also benefit from implementation sfe, they will able diversify their portfolio connecting the network and offer added value their customers. addition, commercial partners benefit from image transfer through the implementation: offering service such sfe creates image gain. manufacturing partners can protect their products along the entire supply chain and beyond: preventing theft and product piracy. the benefit also transferred the end users who have the ability verify the authenticity their product. implementation sfe for commercial partners particularly interesting from the point view costbenefit make buy analysis: the cost that would necessary develop such system would much too high compared the implementation existing system. for this reason, sfe has developed cooperation model which the network can seamlessly integrated into the corporate identity the cooperation partners white label. this model provides for one-time setup costs for the implementation and for the operation the network mapped via subscription, e.g. for product registration manufacturing companies. return, sfe offers turnkey system that can integrated low cost. this makes sfe attractive for various reasons: portfolio diversification: partners can expand their portfolio and thus broaden their base. added value: partners can offer their customers added value conjunction with their own products. image gain: partners profit from the image gain innovators. make buy: partners bear development costs and the system can seamlessly integrated. profitability: partners can generate profits relatively quickly. product protection: partners (manufacturers) can protect products along the entire supply chain. brand protection: partners can protect products against counterfeiting (piracy). customer protection: product protection transferred customers through product verifiability. commercial cooperation partners can e.g. insurance companies, manufacturers, wholesalers and retailers, companies from the tourism industry, gastronomy, hotels any form company that trades goods affected theft and loss the broadest sense. since the given framework not sufficient and the added value that implementation sfe generates can transferred other forms business comprehensible way, some the advantages insurance cooperation partner are considered here examples: among other things, insurance companies can encourage existing and new customers participate the network granting them discounts policies they register their property the network. this results recognizable added value for all parties involved: existing new customers can incentivized rewarded recruited with attractive offers. all customers benefit from the possibility secure their property. the offer product quality (portfolio quality) the insurer increases. the insurer benefits from increase customers satisfied customer base. the insurer can generate additional profit. image transfer image gain for the insurer. addition these added values, the implementation sfe provides insurance companies with further, vital added value: the reduction internal costs, because the reduction damage claims also reduces the costs for compensation and administrative expenses. memorandum for the sale token cooperations strategy with commercial cooperation partners order maximize the effectiveness the sfe network, high number participants important. this encourages not only individual and public users but also commercial users and cooperation partners participate. this done via two-stage strategy: sfe incentivizes commercial users participating the rewards program (in addition the animation through the previously mentioned added values). commercial users animate their customers (users) with attractive offers combinations with their product portfolio. the combination this strategy with the above-mentioned strategies for animating individual and public users results overall strategy that covers almost all social strata. commercial partners are particularly important for sfe, they already have customer bases and can thus drive the growth the network the shortest possible time. the mutual added value cooperation with commercial partners immense advantage when comes acquiring partners, and considering the number potential partners worldwide, rapid growth seems very realistic. basic functions and rewards program for commercial cooperation partners deposit rewards pay out rewards sfe escrow commission company (interface customers) report loss and theft search and verify objects tender reward report objects sfe network user return object through sfe customers commercial cooperation partners are regarded individual users, they, contrast official cooperation partners, will also register objects. the difference that they may register larger quantities objects, that several users (customers the partner) are assigned cooperation partner users. this depends whether they register their own objects, e.g. inventories company equipment, whether they want offer the service their customers. memorandum for the sale token benefits who will profit from sfe? although the benefits the sfe network are comprehensible, the following section will look few scenarios that briefly highlight individual use cases: owners can secure objects and, necessary, report them the network lost stolen. tendering reward, all network participants receive incentive search for and identify the reported property, which increases the chances discovery and return. addition, owners who register objects the sfe network enjoy higher sense security and have less fear loss theft the network spreads, due the decrease theft crime. users can search, verify and identify (stolen lost) items they find intend buy the sfe network order receive the tendered rewards. they can also help return these items their rightful owners. addition possible reward, users also benefit from significantly greater security their purchases, they can avoid unknowingly acquiring stolen goods the form lost stolen objects. authorities such police, customs any investigating authority can achieve significantly higher investigative efficiency accessing the network anywhere and any time inspect objects. with appropriate distribution, this would result almost full-coverage network officials and investigators who would able carry out object verification practically any street corner. airports particular, where millions objects are visually inspected every day, the success investigations and the identification rate stolen goods would rise considerably. none this possible today and would amount quantum leap the investigation strategy. addition, the network its use would expand relatively quickly, contributing its efficiency. another decisive factor side effect that sfe would achieve through high degree awareness: the danger being caught with stolen property quite low nowadays. however, this risk would increase considerably and potential thieves would think twice about buying, transporting selling stolen property. this effect would cause significant damage crime. using sfe's service, authorities can optimize and better evaluate their strategies. this can dramatically reduce the cost ownership investigations simplifying the associated administrative processes. addition, the sfe rewards program can used create incentives and increase budgets. memorandum for the sale token benefits who will profit from sfe? companies benefit from integrating the sfe network into their portfolio very different ways, depending the industry: the tourism industry can attract customers, for example, offering them registration their property added value when traveling staying hotel. the insurance industry can offer its existing customers added value granting discounts policies and new customers can courted with this added value. addition, the internal cost settling claims reduced the number losses and thefts decreases. manufacturers can better monitor their entire logistics and, through the official use sfe alone, act deterrent potential thieves. this reduces damages, administrative efforts and costs caused theft and loss. using the sfe trckr product piracy can virtually eliminated and the products can tested and identified beyond the manufacturing and supply chain. thus, the benefit transferred customers who can, for example, check the authenticity products private sale. wholesalers, retailers and distributors can also protect their inventory through the sfe network, the cd, the trckr, and benefit from the same effect: one will steal objects known that all inventory registered. they can also offer their customers free added value integrating the system. general, the use sfe generates multiple benefits: objects are protected registration and are identifiable lost stolen. partners who integrate the system into their portfolio benefit offering existing and new customers free added value and reduction costs. products can authenticated beyond the manufacturing and supply chain. the application sfe has psychological effect: known that such system exists, for example, through signs shop windows warehouses, etc., the fact that these products are registered and protected sfe will make this extremely effective deterrent. this even the case the use the system not recognizable, because criminals can never rule out that property objects are registered. therefore, they cannot sure whether objects are registered, and this dramatically increases the risk being caught theft. this reduces the willingness commit theft. the same effect occurs when trading stolen property, i.e. fencing, because this dependent buyers. if, however, buyers become aware that their purchase stolen property could uncovered the next traffic identity check, then the willingness purchase stolen goods decreases. this why all users and society whole benefit from sfe, because everyone benefits from reduction crime. memorandum for the sale token marketing strategy sfe marketing-mix order achieve the company's goals, sfe will focus decisive part its activities the initial phase building the brand and bringing the attention the public, i.e. the users. the effectiveness and efficiency sfe will increase proportionally the number users. therefore crucial importance accompany the market entry with intensive marketing measures. once user base has been established target market, marketing expenses are reduced dynamic develops based the fact that sfe offers high level value, added value, security and service. this will lead viral effects such word mouth and social media sharing, which have much higher advertising value than any marketing campaign. sfe will constantly encourage users use the system promoting the sfe rewards program. addition, the various cooperation partners will provide further impulses inviting users use the system gain added value reward. the aim reduce marketing costs quickly possible order increase operational efficiency and channel available resources into research and development and service. sfe has developed marketing campaign that includes all common digital and analogue media. the campaign particularly focused social media, where the dynamic effects are most pronounced. general, the strategy divided into two segments: classic marketing dynamic marketing classic marketing sfe pursues proven brand building strategy based decades management experience international brand introduction and roll-out that has proven itself repeatedly. this strategy duplicated for each country which sfe implemented, taking into account local conditions. part this strategy, sfe will position publications relevant online offline media and acquire media coverage. establish cooperations with online affiliate networks and sales channels. issue press releases and provide media packages the local language. organize promotions regional events, festivals, (city) festivals and other major events. acquire cooperations with commercial and official partners. acquire cooperations with airports, railway stations, etc. hubs for passenger and freight transport. enter into agreements with public figures (vip role model opinion leader etc.) memorandum for the sale token marketing strategy dynamic marketing addition the classic marketing strategy, sfe will use the advantages dynamic marketing, which today almost completely merged with the term social media marketing. this strategy uses the dynamics that can arise social media platforms such facebook, twitter, reddit and the numerous blogs and forums the internet when topics are placed there. the strategy achieve the effect indirect advertising placing brand offer and stimulate the participants discussions. this can also done through incentives similar remuneration. soon topic discussed, more and more people perceive and the brand product thus becomes known. this effect highly dynamic and the product delivers convincing added value benefit, then the users such platforms will more concerned with the product even use it. naturally, however, this strategy has one disadvantage: negative information spreads faster than positive information. therefore crucial importance position the brand and the product such platforms only when product quality, security and functionality are fully guaranteed and the platform participants can clearly recognize and understand that sfe offers them advantageous added value and benefit. like the classic strategy, the dynamic strategy based management's experience successfully placing brands social media channels. general, the strategy pursues the following goals: official sfe presence relevant social media platforms. proactive communication with platform participants and operators. affiliate programs for blogs forums portals. agreements with social media personalities and multipliers. user incentives through customer referral programs. placement the sfe app relevant portals regional app stores. cooperations with content relevant portals from areas such travel, hotel industry, gastronomy, events, rental, security, insurance etc. the combination these strategies will make sfe visible broad spectrum potential users all age groups and social strata, thereby achieving visible market presence. offering effective and comprehensible added value for all users will add further momentum this strategy and management believes that large part the target audience will choose use sfe. memorandum for the sale token business model canvas real solution for real problem sfe fights rapidly increasing problem the real world providing practicable solutions the real world. direct, comprehensible and transparent solution obvious problem: user problem loss and theft partner there are very few (if any) practicable property objects difficult protect protection services property objects not locatable found stolen objects cannot identified risk buying lost stolen objects inventory objects etc. are difficult protect ownership found objects are not product piracy major problem always identifiable insurance companies pay high indemnities time-consuming reporting process loss theft number thefts increasing unpractical and unpleasant processes insufficient database communication low probability reconnaissance time-consuming processes acquiring new customers often difficult user solution partner loss can clarified and theft reduced can offer protection services property can protected localized found stolen objects can identified risk acquire lost stolen objects protection for inventory objects ownership found objects identifiable reduction compensation payments real-time notification loss theft with theft crime reduced one click piracy can contained practical and convenient process efficient database communication significantly higher probability clarification practical and convenient processes acquiring new customers through innovation and unique selling proposition memorandum for the sale token business model canvas important partners developers, engineers, inventors, networks, communities, social media actors. insurance companies, authorities, offices, institutes, organizations, associations, trade unions. important resources technology, artificial intelligence, innovation, experts, cooperation partners, employees, excellent working environment, networks. users can use basic functions sfe free charge. property can protected identified and localized. rewards for finding returning property. protection against purchase trade lost stolen property. risk become the victim theft decreases. probability retrieve lost stolen property increases. customer relations channels partner companies can win new customers and expand their product portfolio. companies can reduce internal costs and expenses. companies benefit from image transfer. authorities emergency services can verify and identify property any time anywhere. authorities officials can increase the crime solving rate. authorities can cooperate internationally more effectively. customer segmentation anyone who owns, objects, documents, wishes protect information. insurance, trade, manufacturers, authorities, officials, task forces, institutions. offer and value user users interact with sfe via app, email, website and call center. sfe communicates actively via relevant digital (online) and print media (offline). expanding services, expansion into international markets. enter into cooperations and alliances. promoting innovation, developing products. improve system efficiency. acquire experts and know-how from the relevant fields industries. interaction through social media, forums, blogs, marketing, consulting and information. sfe communicates with users via newsletter, (press) releases, updates and advice about security, videos and tutorials. hot-lines, chats and email support. important activities cost structure revenues commissions rewards public cooperations commercial cooperations online shop staff research and development consultant and legal counsel products and suppliers marketing and promotion memorandum for the sale token swot analysis strengths weaknesses innovative business model first mover market customer segments already developed system sound business model service society high scalability solving global problem market demand may stagnate high logistical costs for returns rising product costs (blockchain) complex administration for regulations high system utilization (blockchain) volatility cryptocurrencies negative image trend the crypto market opportunities threats immense, unserviced demand increasing crime worldwide global potential expansion potential new developments innovations cooperations alliances viral marketing effects growth and role the cryptocurrency market further development cryptocurrencies changing regulations possible imitators competitors negative reporting (crypto market) rapid growth dependence blockchain attacks network opportunities aggressive strategy turnaround strategy weaknesses strengths diversified strategy defensive strategy threats memorandum for the sale token why sfe? innovation company driven innovation, sfe responds global, urgent and previously unserviced demand with network that brings clear benefits all stakeholders and sets new standards crime prevention. service society sfe does not claim provide service society order create catchy marketing slogan. this statement supported the system and the service itself, well the fact that sfe offers these services free charge. high added value participating the sfe network, private, official and commercial users benefit from high added value. property protected, products and brands are protected, the rate solving crime increased, costs are reduced, profits are generated and administrative efficiency improved. active participation crime prevention participating the sfe network, each individual user contributes the prevention global crime. everyone participates, then theft and fencing have almost chance. this way, each individual and the community can render valuable service society. expansion sfe planning worldwide expansion the network the form regional representative offices order able work actively site with relevant stakeholders and other important market participants. experienced team more than years combined experience, passion and determination well numerous successes the team members their individual careers and network recognized consultants and experts distinguish the sfe team. business plan memorandum for the sale token general business plan purpose this business plan the objective this business plan provide interested parties with structured and success-oriented plan and proforma financial data that reflects the projected future growth the company, its products and services. furthermore, this plan serves management template for implementing the company's objectives order achieve optimal results management, marketing, sales, distribution, development and brand building. mission sfe's mission initially introduce the brand, products and services; and then expand globally reduce the crime associated with theft and fencing and build profitable business. the long term, sfe's mission reduce the problem crime and the forefront crime prevention worldwide. order achieve this goal, sfe will use all resources for the permanent improvement products and services, quality well manpower and working conditions. goals business plans serve define specific quantitative and qualitative goals the company precisely possible. the sfe management, after thorough research and conservative assessment the market potential, well the derivation the share which appears achievable from it, has reached the following target planning: short-term introductory phase expand existing management team and network consultants based available resources, specify strategy and set down strategy plans, optimize system function and service offering, launch marketing campaign, introduce brand and service and build user base. medium-term expansion phase expand user base, increase brand awareness and market share, expand service and product offering, generate profits, expand into countries. long-term consolidation phase establish sfe market leader, reach users, increase resolution rate reported cases, product and service offerings. memorandum for the sale token general business plan general strategy sfe profit-oriented company that pursues the short, medium and long-term goals described above order steadily increase the value the company. the general strategy create value through brand, customer base, systems, results, products and services. furthermore, sfe will enter into cooperations and partnerships and, necessary, participate companies order ensure the successful distribution its products and services. the general management strategy recruit experts and highly qualified personnel the relevant specialist areas and offer optimal working conditions, this regarded decisive factor for the further development and growth the company. operative strategy sfe will provide innovative solutions, products and services that deliver high value and customer satisfaction. sfe will protect intellectual property well the trademark. sfe will invest research and development constantly offer new products, innovations and services the market. sfe will introduce, control and maintain stringent customer king strategy all measures, processes, products, services and service. sfe will create excellent working conditions through incentives, training, development and career options ensure the highest levels employee satisfaction, creativity, performance and loyalty. financial planning and forecasts the following forecasts and calculations represent analysis the market, well the possibilities and dangers for the company, prepared the best our knowledge and sound research. there can guarantee that the forecasts made accurately reflect the actual development the company and that the market potential can exploited accordance with the assumptions. unpredictable forces the market, the economy social developments that can influence marketing, products, services pricing make precise predictions sales figures, profits and costs extremely difficult and unpredictable. the financial projections this document represent the projected results for the projected period. accordingly, the assumptions made reflect the judgment management and its advisors based assumptions made the time this document was prepared january general, there are differences between forecast and actual results, forecast events often not occur expected. please note that such differences may material. memorandum for the sale token financial plan the business model detail sfe has developed product for previously unserved market and therefore first mover this segment. although sfe's philosophy provide useful service the public and the individual, this does not change the fact that sfe also profit-oriented company. sfe not sponsored any government, agency institution and must therefore self-financing, profit-making company. ensure the company's long-term and profitable existence the market, sfe pursues number entrepreneurial goals: generate profits all product and service lines continuous increment net profit expansion into international markets establishing cooperations and building valuable relationships and networks providing employees with safe and productive workplace developing products and driving innovation forward sfe was developed with the aim protecting property and preventing theft and fencing. since this protection property and protection against crime can regarded fundamental needs and rights, sfe offers the basic functions necessary achieve this goal free charge: registration, reporting, verification and identification property objects. previously described, sfe's business model based diversified product portfolio, through which the company will generate revenues. the following overview how the individual products the portfolio will convert the existing market potential into sales profits: note: all network transactions resulting from the transfer fees, rewards, commissions payable services are made sfe token. all usd amounts are for comparative purposes only and are therefore reported usd. transactions take place sfe token the corresponding daily exchange rate. calculative assumptions for commissions the sfe rewards program with over million lost objects germany every year and over million lost objects the usa every year, seems realistic assume that the worldwide number lost objects each year over billion. should also borne mind that these figures only represent the reported losses, not the actual number unreported cases. already mentioned, average only the losses are officially reported. nevertheless, the existing volume approximately billion lost objects worldwide per year also represents potential for sfe: potential billion transactions. memorandum for the sale token financial plan the business model detail even the number stolen objects worldwide disregarded, the potential still immense: assuming that sfe would achieve clearance rate only .%, there would volume million transactions rewards, which sfe participates each transaction. addition this very conservative assumption, realistic assume that billion due the currently low reporting rate the annual volume lost properties worldwide rather the range billion. this would correspond volume million transactions for sfe. for the purpose determining realistic assessment basis for the revenue forecast, the following assumptions were made: depending the value object reward will different, i.e. the more valuable object is, the more owners are willing pay for its discovery and applicable, for its return. while watch worth usd may only its owner worth award token equivalent usd, watch worth usd will probably its owner worth award token equivalent usd. can assumed that large proportion the objects reported will high-priced electronic devices such smart phones, tablets and laptops, followed jewelry and similar valuables. since the average value such items often well over usd seems reasonable assume that large number rewards will worth approximately usd this certainly applies the bulk cases, but certain that much more valuable objects such vehicles, machines, boats, bicycles and other high-value objects with values usd even usd will registered the network. rewards several thousand usd are likely offered for such properties. although rewards worth over usd are therefore expected, conservative approach was taken the calculation and average reward worth usd was assumed. this results average commission usd, which represents annual turnover usd for sfe with volume million transactions. these figures are the result assumed market share only .%. view the benefits sfe, the service provided sfe the public and the planned marketing and sales activities, the achievement market share can considered realistic. this would mean million transactions, which would result sales volume usd. these figures are important when determining the potential success the company. what these figures not express, however, the volume theft and receiving crimes prevented sfe. this volume could represent several hundred million usd avoided damage. memorandum for the sale token financial plan the business model detail order achieve its corporate goals and constantly increase the volume crimes prevented, sfe pursuing the vision equipping many police officers, law enforcement officers, investigators and agents worldwide with the sfe app the near future. although still difficult predict this stage what the transaction volume will through cooperation with public authorities, the number officers, investigators and agents involved crime general from all authorities around the world makes the potential for the sfe app almost unimaginable. converting this potential would promote the achievement the set objectives three ways: high reconnaissance rates and high preventive effect fulfill the goal fighting crime. high transaction volume means high turnover and fulfills the goal generating profits. high network demand means high usage and meets the goal stable sfe token demand. sfe pursues similar strategy cooperation with commercial partners. the benefits the system can transferred many industries: manufacturers, distributors, freight forwarders, retailers and wholesalers, rental companies, hoteliers, travel and event organizers, well companies that are affected loss and theft the broadest sense: everyone benefits from the integration the system. the effects are the same with official cooperations: increased spread the network leads high rates awareness, high degree prevention and high transaction volume, which turn results high demand for the token. since sfe will enter into cooperations with companies all over the world, this strategy should also result transaction volume several million transactions, which sfe participates through the commission paid out rewards. addition, sfe generates revenue through subscription models that commercial partners use register their inventory products general. for the calculation such models average registration fee usd was assumed. this fee applies each registered object. calculations for the use the sfe trckr and technology are not considered. however, cooperation with commercial partners not limited exclusively the active use the network. described above, sfe also offers risk assessment and forecasting services. there large global market for this service, the number companies that rely such data whose business model based such data increases daily. this product division currently beta phase, corresponding data master must first generated. even though this part the product portfolio currently does not play significant role generating revenues, will gain importance network usage increases. the big data market constantly growing and sfe's strategy position itself key player this market segment. due the product maturity this division, sales forecasts for this area are not currently included the financial planning. sfe pursues the introduction this service with high urgency, since substantial profits for the company are expected this product division. memorandum for the sale token financial plan the business model detail addition the profit centers built around the sfe network, sfe plans open online shop market its own products well third-party products and services. the assumptions used for this business segment are based statistics from online shops that sell security products. these indicators, which are more less identical internationally, indicate conversion rate approx. and average purchase amount approx. usd due the high technical relevance such shops. sfe plans establish the network and the shop countries within years and forecasts user base million users. based this forecast, the volume transactions the shop would despite the aforementioned average purchase usd the calculations assume equivalent value usd which would mean sales volume around usd for this business segment. like the other business segments, the online shop will significantly increase token demand and usage, users will able make purchases the shop with rewards they receive addition using their token for purchases the shop, users the sfe network can also sell their token trading platforms that support sfe token trading. user deposit rewards pay fees user (private) receive rewards sfe network purchases shop receive rewards purchases shop sfe online shop use services sfe services trading platform for token commercial official memorandum for the sale token financial plan basis the forecasts the sum the product lines described above the foundation sfe's potential success. addition, the forecasts are based extremely low key figures, which illustrates the conservative planning the management. order produce comprehensible and realistic forecasts the form established industry calculation, the assumptions listed below, which are based the research the management and its consultants, were used for the planning period years presented. overview the -year plan available separate part this document. all usd values represent comparative values that are converted calculated into sfe token the time the respective transaction. assumptions user volume year: year: year: transactions (lost stolen objects) user volume: year: year: year: transactions commissions value average commission: equivalent usd transactions registration (objects commercial partners) year: year: year: transactions fees average value registered object (commercial): equivalent usd shop-sales user volume make purchase equivalent usd cost goods blockchain cost: usd per transaction shop product cost: turnover operative cost hr: incl. costs for recruitment, release and takeovers. rent: based offers. transport: incl. travel expenses, rental vehicles, company cars. it: incl. all relevant expenses, services and assignments (internal external). research development: all product developments software hardware. marketing: including all costs for commissions, affiliates, sales, incentives product and service related marketing activities. insurance: all company-related costs, excluding hr. legal advice consultants: all external consultants, service providers and freelancers. other equipment cost: cost operating and office equipment. investments down-payments, deposits, office equipment extraordinary expenses fees for legal affairs, patents, licenses, acquisitions cash flow calculations based initial capital usd memorandum for the sale token financial plan profit loss cash flow sfe group management florian sopa sfe foundation ceo (chief executive officer) grunder diego mourad chairman the board florian sopa general manager sfe foundation grand cayman ky- cayman islands info@sfe.org www.sfe.org sfe rolf seeger chairman the board gunther fischer ceo (chief executive officer) sfe feldstrasse fl- vaduz liechtenstein info@sfe.ag www.sfe.ag memorandum for the sale token sfe team amino watermann coo (chief operating officer) siegfried nagele senior key account manager rene lammlin customer relations manager narek terteryan husen cutpiecewala aziz kaukawala vladimir anoyan haykaz kotanjyan tigran khachiyan cto (chief technical officer) front end developer sasun sakanyan full stack developer lead smart contract developer blockchain developer devops engineer abdulqadir cutpiecewala smart contract blockchain developer smart contract blockchain developer film director sfe token sale memorandum for the sale token important notice for token buyers general information the token offered herein not constitute shares, stock interests profit participation certificates and have not been registered under the securities laws any country. the token sale described this document has not been reviewed approved securities and foreign exchange commission any other government commission regulatory authority, nor has any the aforementioned authorities confirmed the merits this offer the accuracy usefulness this document. the information contained this document confidential and the property the company. intended for future token buyers solely for their confidential use and subject the express consent that such persons shall not disclose these documents the information contained herein without the prior written permission the company make photocopies thereof use this document for any purpose other than evaluate possible acquisition token the company. future token purchaser agrees receive this memorandum, obliged immediately return this document and any other documents information has received this connection decides not participate the sale the token. this memorandum does not claim complete contain all the information that prospective token buyer may wish have order evaluate the company. each token buyer must make his own assessment and rely the company and terms the offer, including the merits and risks associated with the purchase token. the purchase token only suitable for buyers who can bear the economic risk investing for indefinite period and who not require liquid funds from this purchase. each buyer must clarify the applicable tax and legal issues. the token offered here only offered accordance with the conditions and descriptions stated this memorandum, subject prior sale. they are subject the company's right withdraw modify this offer without prior notice and refuse any token sales whole part any order under certain other conditions. the company will provide all token buyers and their advisors with the opportunity ask questions and obtain answers regarding the terms and conditions this offer and any requested documentation other information (to the extent that the company possesses such information can obtain without unreasonable effort expense) necessary confirm the accuracy the information provided. this memorandum contains the summary of, and references to, certain documents and records relating the company. these documents are either attached appendix are provided the company request. all references and information contained herein are all respects consistent with the contents these documents and records. this memorandum does not constitute offer sell the solicitation offer buy any securities the company any jurisdiction which such offer solicitation unlawful and not offer solicitation any person any jurisdiction which such offer solicitation made. person entitled pass information make representations connection with this sale other than the persons mentioned this memorandum. the case such information representations from other parties, they must not regarded authorized the company. the token offered herein subject high degree speculation and contains material risks. the sale token described here involves considerable economic risk and only intended for persons who understand these risks and can afford take such risks. when deciding the purchase, the token buyer must make his own assessment the company and its offer conditions, including the risks and benefits contained therein. may difficult impossible for token buyers convert their token into cash the desired time. memorandum for the sale token important notice for token buyers risk factors purchase the token offered herein entails considerable economic risks and only suitable for persons who have substantial resources and can afford bear such risks and not need achieve liquidity with this purchase. each token buyer should carefully consider the risk factors before purchasing the token and seek advice from their own legal, tax and financial advisors. all risks below are considered the company relevant. however, the following explanations are not exhaustive and their order does not reflect their importance. addition the other factors contained this memorandum, token buyers should carefully consider the risks summarized below: business plan the company's business plan described this document description assessment and analysis the potential market and the opportunities and difficulties the company faces. this presentation has been prepared the best the company's knowledge. there can assurance that the information contained herein accurately represents the company's opportunities and potential for success. the competition and economic forces distribution, the level and prices the company's services make extremely difficult and unpredictable forecast sales, revenues and costs. competition and market conditions the market very fragmented and competitive. competitors could significantly expand their operations the marketplace and the company's ability perform its business and growth strategy could adversely affected. ability sustain expansion the company's ability execute its strategy for continuous growth depends its ability expand the size and quality its distribution base. this requires the company able aggressively market its services and offer programs that are attractive buyers and provide consistent quality service that ensures the maintenance satisfactory business relationships. unfavorable economic competitive developments other events that could erode the company's current and future distribution base could impede the company's operations and impair its ability achieve continued expansion. dependence initiators the company assumes that the development and growth the company date are primarily due the abilities the current initiators. although the company expanding its management and team connection with the expected growth, the loss initiator services could have material adverse effect the company's business the foreseeable future. need for additional financing the company assumes that the capital inflow generated this offer (based proceeds from the sale almost all token offered) together with the earnings the company will sufficient meet the company's immediate needs. the company may require additional financing the future. this could result change the value the token the token buyers participating this sale. memorandum for the sale token important notice for token buyers risk factors control the company the current owners control the voting shares the company. therefore, among other things, they are position elect the board directors and the management the company and manage the business the company. the owners decide sell shares the company, this means reduction the voting shares the company. nevertheless, the event sale shares, the current owners the company will only sell many shares that control the company can maintained. management discretion use proceeds the net proceeds from the sale token are used implement the company's business plan described this document. the company reserves the right use the proceeds from the sale the token for other purposes not currently considered and the best interests the company and its shareholders adapt changing circumstances and opportunities. consequence the foregoing, the success the company depends significant extent the decision and judgment the board directors with respect the application and distribution the net proceeds from this sale. corporate plan statement purpose the primary purpose this document provide token buyers with organized, structured and successoriented business and market development plan for -year budget that will ensure the future development the company, its products, services and brand names. addition, the purpose this business and market development plan apply professional planning techniques and methods develop meaningful, flexible and dynamic management strategies, the assessment, analysis and evaluation which helps management achieve optimal goals marketing, application, sales, production and financial results. the purpose this business and marketing development plan not only provide the tactical, timely and financial capabilities necessary assess, monitor and manage sfe's success and products, brands and range products, but also develop long-term strategic perspectives for the company's impact the market. mission statement sfe's mission focus product design, production, marketing, distribution, sales and expansion. sfe's long-term mission develop, produce, market, sell, license and distribute its products and services detailed this memorandum. the ultimate mission develop, cultivate and maintain strong, lasting business relationships with users, customers, sales and representation offices, sub-licensees, etc. use marketing business relationships (i.e. loyalty) valuable means build brand loyalty. the philosophy this mission, the business relationships, structures, programs and mutual exchange must developed promote and implement unusually high standard product quality. goals sfe's business and marketing development plans are based the ability determine specific quality and qualitative objectives precisely possible. without the definition responsible and realistic goals, research, analysis, preparation and documentation success-oriented plan possible. detailed planning, analysis and methodical procedures are based the objectives. sfe endorses and believes detailed strategies, plans, activities, budgets, milestones and people well the capital necessary achieve these goals. memorandum for the sale token important notice for token buyers risk factors general strategy sfe profit-oriented company that pursues the agreed objectives the areas marketing, sales, production and business development plan the short, medium and long term increase value for the company. sfe's overall value creation strategy build and develop market value, user and customer base, distribution system and relationship marketing. sfe owns, manages and holds the trademark rights and establishes business relationships: these include, but are not limited to, joint ventures owned the company, companies financed from share capital, contractual agreements, relationships with sub-licensees, representation offices, etc., necessary market, sell, package, produce and distribute the company's products and services. sfe's overall business strategy includes the recruitment and hiring highly qualified, professional managers with entrepreneurial background marketing, sales, distribution and market promotion. these employees form the basis for future development and expansion. the capital development and management strategy sfe based the use investments implement short-term developments the business start-up phase. this capital investment used until the positive capital flow from companies sustained capital flow and earnings are achieved. this point, the income then distributed ratio (to determined) reinvested the development the company (e.g. capital formation) and/or distributed the owners the company. sfe's general business strategy plan for marketing and development based internal profits (after capitalization) means self-financing long-term growth. sfe's capitalization strategy may include wide range options, including public tender continuous opportunity finance strategic acquisitions and provide second opportunity for investment returns. memorandum for the sale token disclaimer please read this disclaimer carefully. you are uncertain about the contents this document your proposed actions, you should seek advice from your financial legal counsel. this document issued the sfe foundation (hereinafter referred sfe), company registered the cayman islands under the companies register number gc-. the information this document well the following information does not claim complete and does not represent contractual agreement any form. although the management sfe always ensures that all information given this document accurate and up-to-date, the contents this document not constitute professional advice any way. the information this document has not been reviewed approved any regulatory body. the publication and distribution this document does not imply that any applicable laws, regulations, guidelines rules have been complied with. neither sfe nor its representatives, agents representatives shall liable for any damages incurred connection with this document the purchase sfe token. such damages may be, but are not limited to: any direct, indirect, incidental consequential damages including, but not limited to, losses and financial damages losses any kind, including third parties, foreseeable damages and damages force majeure arising out the use any information this document, the sfe app, website, any information related sfe and particular the use sfe token. for the avoidance doubt, sfe expressly disclaims any and all responsibility for any direct indirect damage that may caused any manner whatsoever: (i) rely the information contained this document, (ii) make any errors, misinterpret omit any information, (iii) act consequence the information contained herein, (iv) purchase use any products services from sfe. you acknowledge and agree that you will not acquire sfe token for investment, speculation, trading, immediate resale any other financial purpose. sfe token not represent securities, assets securities any jurisdiction. this document does not constitute prospectus solicitation for investment. sfe token are not for speculation purposes and not imply create any claim right any intellectual property, intangible property, other owners, tangible assets, capital assets and forms. sfe does not offer any advice, opinion, recommendation assistance whatsoever regarding the purchase, sale any other transaction with sfe token. this document represents neither basis nor recommendation for any purchase decision and should therefore way used interpreted basis for contractual financial decisions. citizens, residents (tax registered not), green card holders and/or holders residence permit the united states america and north korea are excluded from purchasing sfe token for the sale described this document. this document and any copies thereof may not sent transmitted any form any country where the distribution dissemination such documents prohibited law. memorandum for the sale token disclaimer all participants are strongly advised seek the advice independent legal counsel regarding participation the sale the token described this document order verify the validity and applicability any laws, regulations requirements applicable your country. prospective buyers sfe token are strongly advised carefully evaluate and consider all risks and uncertainties associated with the purchase sfe token. case purchase sfe token, expressly pointed out that the purchase neither exchangeable, exchangeable nor refundable. sfe expressly points out that there assurance that there any demand for sfe token the market that the issue sale price any way indicative future market price that can achieved exchange trading platform for cryptocurrencies. sfe does not provide any security for the success the token sale for the business project which still has developed described this document. the value the sfe token, well the demand for it, depends strongly the business results the company business project and the continuous commitment the users. there assurance that the token sale will successful, whether the business project still developed will successful. sfe has prepared all information, particular assumptions, estimates and forecasts, with the greatest care, and has taken extremely realistic key figures into account the planning all areas considered. nevertheless, there assurance that the cryptocurrencies collected through the token sale will sufficient implement the company's business model. view the aforementioned information and for reasons which are unforeseeable this time, pointed out that the development and market launch the sfe token and the sfe network, including all functionalities, services and products, may not completed implemented and that there promise that market launch the sfe network will implemented. recommended obtain independent financial advice prior any business venture. memorandum for the sale token the sfe token legal status the sfe token the sfe token payment token issued the sfe foundation that has been specially developed for use the sfe platform enable users access the network and the services and functions offered. token buyers are not investors and the token not investment. the token pure payment token within the network. the token purchase enables access the software and the data provided. dividends are distributed and this not planned. the token not bond and interest other payments are made the token holders. the token does not serve any way generate any profits. the circulation the token unlimited. users are entitled buy tokens from third parties and sell them third parties. the first version the software available the time the token sold. the sfe token issued payment token and all payment transactions the network take place sfe token. the prerequisite for the purchase sfe token participation the kyc (know your customer) aml (anti money laundering) process. kyc aml process sfe token are sold via trading platforms for token. these are legally obliged take measures prevent organized crime and money laundering. order participate the sale token, all participants must therefore through process unambiguously verify their identity, which requires video recording (webcam smart phone camera) uploading scan: live video valid document. live video the valid document next the face the holder. image proof address (utility bill: electricity, gas telephone) the subscriber the tax residence. based this information, identity verification carried out taking into account data protection and privacy. the result this verification determines whether the participant eligible for the token sale. token sale contract memorandum for the sale token (sample) between sfe foundation, grand cayman ky-, cayman islands hereafter ,,token issuer seller" and hereafter ,,token buyer" the following purchase contract concluded: purpose and description sfe: sfe the world's first blockchain technology-based global database for the registration and identification (stolen lost) items. the database accessible everyone and allows users register items the blockchain identify items serial number. such items may electronic devices, jewelry, collections, valuables any kind, documents, sports and hobby equipment, vehicles and machines, any imaginable item value the owner. even with today's technology, not possible register report (stolen lost) items real time and convenient, user-friendly way and make this information available worldwide. for this reason, the chances recovering stolen lost items are extremely low most cases. furthermore, this fact makes impossible identify stolen lost items, e.g. when they are found offered for sale. the reasons for this problem are, far they exist, very slow administrative processes, varying international jurisdictions, laws, database formats and access rights. the combination these factors completely hampers the exchange and accessibility information about the ownership lost and stolen objects. further information can found the sfe foundation memorandum for the sale tokens. purpose use the next steps this start-up phase are the realization the first marketing activities market the sfe app, promote the further expansion the sfe system through your contribution. the funds will used exclusively for specific purposes. token sales contract the token buyer purchases erc- token the amount of_______________chf the equivalent of_______________btc (bitcoin). the funds will accepted exclusively bitcoin ethereum. conditions the issue price the token chf _______________ per sfe (sf) token. the token buyer acquires the token via independent crypto currency exchange, for example www.latoken.com. grant the token buyer the right buy back the purchased token the purchase price the token does not exceed the usd limit within months the purchase the token. the token reaches the usd mark once within months after the conclusion the contract, this repurchase grant null and void. compliance the token buyer hands over the following documents the person signing this contract: passport/id copy confirmation residence, not older than months (invoice for electricity, water, telephone...) source funds (bank portfolio overview, bank statement with wage payments, tax receipts, sales contracts, inheritance documents, etc.) the token buyer confirms that aware the risks associated with the purchase the token, particular the token buyer acknowledges and agrees that token are speculative and that may lose the value the token large part thereof. the token buyer confirms that has sufficient experience and knowledge cryptocurrencies and that knows that cryptocurrencies cannot liquid, i.e. that must reckon with long-term holding period, that understands the speculative character token and that able bear possible losses. the token buyer assures that will not use any funds for mediated token, which serve his present foreseeable future subsistence, which are likely urgently needed certain point time. the token buyer belongs the following category according his own estimation (please mark with cross): ,,business angel": experienced investor with time available and useful knowledge relationships the company who invests and cares for one few companies. ,,portfolio investor", who, due lack time experience other reasons, does not take intensive care his investments and therefore prefers larger number smaller investments speculations for risk diversification. place jurisdiction and applicable law zurich shall the exclusive place jurisdiction for all disputes arising from this contract, unless otherwise stipulated mandatory law. zurich, zurich, signature token buyer signature token issuer seller (c) sfe foundation sfe foundation grand cayman ky- cayman islands info@sfe.org www.sfe.org visit sfe at: www.sfe.io