safehaven.io whitepaper safe haven the solution digital inheritance safehaven.io executive summary cryptocurrencies and digital assets are new and evolving concept that promote future with decentralized stores value and peerto-peer transactions. however, with any new and revolutionary idea comes skepticism and distrust. digital currencies are volatile, unpredictable, and easily lost. once our valuable stakes digital assets are gone, they cannot ever retrieved regardless reasons (simple forgetfulness, loss keys saved passphrases, some instances, death). losing cryptocurrencies contributes the many problems hindering the advancement and widespread utilization digital assets the modern world. safe haven offers solution this problem providing safe, secure, and transparent means for one's digital assets inherited anyone they choose, any time they choose, while remaining full control their investment. safe haven's complex, yet effective platform uses the advanced technology smart contracts combined with legal entities from across the globe. this combination empowers safe haven digital asset (sha da) holders ensure secure inheritance widespread digital assets. any group organization can utilize safe haven's platform. the safe haven solution requires minimal involvement, which results the initiator remaining control. the initiator may retrieve his her token any time throughout the process. through secure encryption, the initiator's keys are split and encoded the lockchain. the number times the key split varies, and depends the number times the key split varies between each case. enlisting legal entities worldwide via our tan (trust alliance network) each individual case legally noted, and conditions for inheritance are given individual level, dependent the wishes the initiator. involving both legal entities and secure, encrypted transactions all while leaving the initiator completely control, our solution transparent, easy use, and unprecedented. whitepaper safehaven.io whitepaper safehaven.io whitepaper safehaven.io whitepaper table contents introduction four-step solution basic principles blockchain smart contract techniques conceptual mathematics polynomial interpolation key escrow secret sharing two-man rule tfc shares distribution protocol tfcsd case child and validator tfcsd case children and validator tfcsd case children fail-safe and validator tfcsd case children and validators tfc fail-safe share(s) the validator's share process. multiple validators possibility sh-trust alliance network articles legal documents legal entity profiles tan usage legal entity perspective user perspective tan services integration tan rewarding system sha protection plans token utilization fuel locking staking funds allocation roadmap safehaven.io whitepaper introduction nearly every day, someone some news outlet releases story about lost bitcoin, litecoin, various other digital assets. typically, the loss can pinned carelessness, misplacement private keys, death, and even blockchain mistakes. the crypto-space young, both age and investor demographic. with comes lack concern regarding the loss digital assets due unforeseeable circumstances. consider bitcoin's loss statistic: million bitcoin are assumed lost forever due general human and transactional error. mentioned earlier, the youth and pace this space does not allow time individuals necessarily plan for future life circumstances. failure recall the private key passphrase results permanent loss digital currency. this also means that the access point your assets shut off indefinitely should your heirs unaware you holding digital assets, they lack access your keys. even cases where heirs have access the investor's keys, the heirs may not have the skills retrieve the digital assets themselves. these facts may justify some the hesitation traditional investors have choosing cryptocurrency investment store value. there's also the issue investor's lack confidence with sharing his her private key with heirs. storing this information insecurely could lead physical loss it, theft, even manipulation assets. there are many investors the cryptocurrency market and the vast majority invest with the long-term goal securing their future and family's financial stability. digital assets are prone loss; either error death, but that does not mean one has bear all the risks she wishes share the profits. the safe haven digital asset (sha da), was built protect one's digital legacy and ensure one's family has access his her assets, when necessary. the sha the only truly secure and inheritable digital asset date. safe haven's platform incorporates cutting edge features and revolutionary technologies such the ethereum blockchain, smart contracts, and our own patented trust alliance network, which allows sha tokens extremely secure and inheritable, while still granting the investor liquidity and complete control over his her funds they grow value. southurt, october how "dumb mistakes" can lead costly bitcoin losses. coin desk. retrieved march from https://www.coindesk.com/ dumb-mistakes-costly-bitcoin-losses/ roberts, j., rapp, november exclusive: nearly million bitcoins lost forever, new study says. fortune. retrieved february, from http://fortune.com////lost-bitcoins/ roberts, september what happens cryptocurrency when you die? fortune. retrieved february/march, from http://fortune. com////crytocurrency-bitcoin-death/ safehaven.io whitepaper safehaven.io whitepaper four-step solution safe haven gives contributors the opportunity secure their digital assets without locking themselves out. thanks our tfc share distribution key, escrow protocol, and the trust alliance network (tan), seeds/private keys/passphrases can shared amongst stakeholders family members transparent and secure manner. our protocol distributes the shares way where the investor keeps (at all costs) the power over his assets. the unfortunate day that he/she should pass away, registered member the trust alliance platform (notary) can retrieve the remaining share the blockchain pass the contributor's legacy down his/her children stakeholders. step the example user protects his legacy (crypto assets) and plans distribute his seeds/private keys passphrases using safe haven's secure and transparent blockchain solution amongst his three children. the initiator the process goes registered member our trust alliance network; this group legal entities that have secure relationship with safe haven. together, they process the necessary validation steps. safehaven.io whitepaper step the legal entity, referred the validator, divides the data protect and distribute (see tfc shares distribution protocol) the obtained shares the children using the safe haven application specifically developed for this use. the software used for this will not keep any data memory centralized databases. only the validator's share (see section validator's share process) will sent the blockchain. the security algorithm encrypt and decrypt the share, before getting deployed through smart contract, will not revealed for obvious security reasons. safe haven will only have mapping place identify the validator's and the smart contract; the mapping will deployed decentralized blockchain database. this will also the case for the backup validators (see multiple validators possibility tfc fail-safe share(s)). safehaven.io whitepaper step the shares distributed the children are managed the notary the form legal certificate. the share (which being protected), coming from the parent/initiator, will encrypted the safe haven application (only accessible members the trust alliance) and sent the blockchain the form smart contract. the child's shares can shared through the creation certificate and/or through the integration hardware ledger our protocol. are currently working out the details order achieve this, based our own hardware ledgers. details are not made public yet are still the ico phase our project. safehaven.io whitepaper step the case sudden death case the contributor not able handle his/her assets his/her own, the children stakeholders can obtain the missing share introducing the necessary legal documents the notary. stakeholders will then, once verified safe haven, able retrieve the missing share from the blockchain. our protocol handles fail-safe share and the possibility have backup validator. for further details check out our tfc fail-safe share(s) multiple validators possibility section safehaven.io basic principles blockchain the blockchain software innovation for establishing digital trust between users who facilitate transactions value over network. the blockchain enables trust distributed throughout network, without the need for central intermediary track, verify, and approve the digital exchange value. the notion authorizing trust from central intermediary currently underpins both private and government institutional structures; however, this proving costly, slow, and also vulnerable attack. the blockchain overcomes these issues operating decentralized distributed database, maintaining continuously growing list records called blocks. whitepaper safehaven.io whitepaper smart contract on-chain computer code "smart contracts" are computer protocols that facilitate, verify, and enforce the performance contract, making contractual clause unnecessary. smart contracts often emulate the logic contractual clauses. smart contracts can exchange money, property, shares, anything value transparent, conflict-free way, while avoiding the services middleman. ordinarily, process would require payment middleman, government agency, bank, lawyer notary, and then processing time before the receipt goods services. however, smart contract technology automates this process. smart contract technology can compared automated vending machine: money deposited into the machine and the desired item drops for collection, long the correct amount deposited. comparison, with smart contract, the money deposited into escrow the blockchain for receipt transfer token (e.g. digital certificate title for house), which instantaneously transferred into counterparty's control once the conditions are met. smart contracts not only define the terms and conditions around agreement the same way that traditional contract does, but also provides enforcement those obligations. safehaven.io whitepaper techniques conceptual mathematics polynomial interpolation polynomials can used approximate complicated curves, for example, the shapes letters typography. relevant application the evaluation the natural logarithm and trigonometric functions: pick few known data points, create lookup table, and interpolate between said data points. this results significantly faster computations. definition: given set data points (xi, yi) where two are the same, one looking for polynomial degree most with the property. the "unisolvence" theorem states that such polynomial vandermonde matrix, described below. exists and unique, and can proved the safehaven.io the theorem states that for bisection. whitepaper interpolation nodes (xi), polynomial interpolation defines linear where the vector space polynomials (defined any interval containing the nodes) degree most polynomial interpolation also forms the basis for algorithms numerical quadrature, numerical ordinary differential equations, and secure multi-party computation, and secret sharing schemes. secret sharing schemes are what use achieve our goal. safehaven.io key escrow are not immortal, and would shame our assets disappeared with us. the sudden loss shareholder could problem order retrieve the complete passphrase this document will continue use the example family circle friends order highlight the different case scenarios. one answer this problem what called the key escrow, which allows third party "under certain conditions" access these shares. but what third party? under what conditions? and how give our moral but also technical confidence? the escrow authority must able securely guarantee the confidentiality the escrow keys. first, would encrypt the data, this can private key seed with secure encryption algorithm (like sha-) and using passphrase. this passphrase could then divided into shares and distributed our tfc protocol. whitepaper safehaven.io secret sharing whitepaper cryptography, secret sharing scheme method for distributing secret amongst group participants, each which allocated share the secret. the secret can only reconstructed when the shares are combined. individual shares are use their own. more formally, secret sharing scheme there one dealer and more players. the dealer gives secret the players, but only when specific conditions are fulfilled. the dealer accomplishes this giving each player share such way that any group (for threshold) more players can together reconstruct the secret, but group less than players can. such system called (t, n)-threshold scheme. (t, scheme one can prove that makes difference whether attacker has valid shares his disposal none all; long has less than shares, there better option than guessing find out the secret. good passwords are hard memorize. clever user could use secret sharing scheme generate set shares for given password and store one share his address book, one his bank deposit safe, leave one share with friend, etc. one day forgets his password, can reconstruct easily. course, writing passwords directly into the address book would pose security risk, could stolen. secret sharing scheme used instead, the thief must steal many shares from different places. typical application this scenario the secure implementation encrypted backup system. assuming data recoveries are rarely needed, backup data can public-key encrypted; this can done automatically and without user interaction while the private recovery key protected via secret sharing. dealer could send shares, all which are necessary recover the original secret, single recipient, using different channels. attacker would have intercept all shares recover the secret, task which may more difficult than intercepting single message. the director bank could generate shares for the bank's vault code and hand them out his employees. even the director unavailable, the vault can opened, but requires certain number employees together. some cases secret sharing: (see sha protection plans safehaven.io whitepaper twoman rule the two-man rule used sensitive areas such command send nuclear missiles prevent accidental malicious skidding. cryptography, americans use the phrase "two-person integrity" (tpi) when comes preventing single person from having access cryptographic keys for secure communications (comsec). this concept helps resolve these issues trust and security with the escrow authority. requiring that two individuals collaborate reveal the data escrow, holders protect themselves from isolated, malicious act. for example: holder would divide the passphrase the escrow key and distribute the pieces group trusted people called, the family circle (tfc). break the passphrase, simply distribute pieces between members tfc, forcing them meet together use the private key escrow. two points are enough define line, three define parabola, four for cubic, and on. now want share secret, say the value between six individuals and three them are needed find the secret, will randomly choose parabola among those passing through the point and will give the coordinates six his/her points these six individuals (see figure safehaven.io only two them, numbers and came share their coordinates, they could not find the original parabola and therefore the value the secret point (see figure whitepaper therefore, necessary that third individual agrees share his her coordinates order define one, and only one, parable and reveal the secret value (see figure safehaven.io tfc shares distribution protocol the family circle conglomerate members belonging group; this group can include family members, company's group stakeholders trust, simply circle friends. the tfc sdp protocol developed safe haven order establish circle trust our ecosystem. consider our techniques described above, have dealer (the person that wants protect his legacy) and players (his children and the validator [notaries]). the dealer gives secret the players, but only when specific conditions are fulfilled. the dealer accomplishes this giving each player share such way that any group (for threshold) more players can together reconstruct the secret but group less than players can. such system called (t, n)-threshold scheme. whitepaper safehaven.io whitepaper tfc protocol base rules: the secret split shares (can maximum bit). you want protect secret larger than bits, hybrid technique must applied. the secret must encrypted with block cipher and then apply only the secret sharing the key (openssl and gpg are valid tools). the secret security level can imply upper bound for the length, short secrets/seeds/keys will padded with some salt bits. can use hexadecimal digits place ascii characters for i/o, binary data can protected/split into shares well. while splitting combining the shared secret, the protocol locks its virtual address space into ram privacy reasons. the number distributed share entities is, technically speaking, limited limit this even further while each entity can have more than but less than the validator has always share less than the (players/ children). need the least player and validator establish complete network trust safe havens ecosystem. multiple validators can added. safehaven.io tfcsd case child and validator based our secret sharing scheme formula: (y.n (x.n) threshold the minimum shares needed reconstruct the secret. the validator the process, our case it's registered member the safe haven's alliance program the share holders (y.n (x.n) (y. (x.) (.) key (min. shares that are needed obtain the complete shared) max shares will for the child and (-) for the validator. whitepaper safehaven.io whitepaper take for instance the secret: "my shared passphrase" obtain the following split shares. -bcbaeadcedbfbfacaceff -ecfdecffadbfbdef -fbbcbcfeafdedffeeafec have share representation there only one feasible scenario for success. child and validator safehaven.io tfcsd case children and validator based our secret sharing scheme formula: (y.n (x.n) threshold the minimum shares needed reconstruct the secret. the validator the process, our case it's registered member the safe haven's alliance program the share holders (y.n (x.n) (y. (x.) (.) (min. shares that are needed order obtain the shared key). max shares will for the children and (-) for the validator whitepaper safehaven.io whitepaper suppose take the secret: "my shared passphrase" and obtain the following split shares. -bcbaeadcedbfbfacaceff -ecfdecffadbfbdef -fbbcbcfeafdedffeeafec -cdffbafaded -fedbcacafbcbbfbaaefc -bfccdedaaaefbcdde -feacbceadccfabfdbe -dbadedbceddeaa will need out reconstruct the secret. take the shares children (valid) children validator (not valid) children validator (valid) safehaven.io ..tfcsd case children and validators based our secret sharing scheme formula: (y.n (x.n) threshold the minimum shares needed reconstruct the secret. the validator the process, our case it's registered member the safe haven's alliance program fail-safe share the shareholders (y.n (x.n) ((y.) (x.) ((.) (.) (min. shares that are needed order obtain the complete shared key) max shares will for the children and (-) for the validator suppose take the secret: "my shared passphrase" obtain the following split shares. and will need out reconstruct the secret. so, take the shares whitepaper safehaven.io whitepaper -bdafabdcaebaf -ccddecccaca -ddedcfcaceaeb -aedadaeaecafebaacfb -cafcccecfdbcaaeaffaaf -aacdbfdfccdfcce -aeeccbdcaaac -ededadecbcd -ddbebebfaebfaaf -acaefdecbdcbeccfcee -ffbebbfcbdbbded -fbdaeddcfedebacadf -fcdbacceabb children (not valid) children validator (not valid) children validators= (valid) safehaven.io whitepaper tfc failsafe share(s) tfc fail-safe protocol: the remaining shares will used fail-safe share. this can useful the case that one the (players/ children) lost his share, becomes unable act, dies. our protocol provides separate "backup" smart contract the blockchain with different conditions written in. the fail-safe shares can't given under any circumstances, one the (players/children) this would jeopardize the complete operation setup the dealer (parent), use case children validator) the children can't construct the secret share without the validators share (through blockchain smart contract query) but when you give the backup shares, they will able so. the only case where don't have fail-safe share when need consensus the stakeholder, for instance the use case child validator) safehaven.io whitepaper safehaven.io whitepaper the validator's share process the validator's share process consists pool legal entity validators, which are members our trust alliance network. the validator does not store, own, see the shares meant sent the blockchain; their role transparent. they distribute the shares the (players/children/stakeholders) formal way delivering legal certificate and validating the transaction towards the blockchain. the validator's share the share the person that initiated the process begin with; he/she safeguards the blockchain via validator order keep full rights the complete secret share. his assets are his long lives. the validator(s) is/are the only one(s) that can retrieve the share previously sent the blockchain... the following conditions are met: the total number shares the (players/children/ stakeholders) have present, not and needed, the failsafe share can retrieved the validator well the backup smart contract conditions are fulfilled. the case that the initiator (parent/dealer) dies, the validator must validate the rightful medical forms order initiate the retrieve process the share stocked the blockchain. the initiator/ parent's share also transferable another legitimate person when needed. safehaven.io whitepaper safehaven.io multiple validators possibility tfc multiple validators possibility: one immortal, that's why provide the opportunity establish network trust containing more than validator. when you chose several validators involved, push backup smart contract the blockchain that holds the necessary shares, (players/children) that can used second validator. this offers system security, which completely derived rom share distribution and validation. whitepaper safehaven.io whitepaper sh- trust alliance network the tan autonomous social networking hub for blockchain-related legal affairs. the goal connect lawyers and notaries that specialize cryptocurrencies crypto investors and enthusiasts. the tan will become hub for legal related blockchain information, articles, laws, etc. the tan will world's first legal reference for distributed ledger/ blockchain applications, users, and legal entities will able offer their services and highlight their fields specialization potential clients. profile page will available for each legal entity containing their contact information, remunerations details, and short description themselves and their services. also, users will able chat between themselves and legal entities via our platform. safehaven.io whitepaper articles blockchain law-related articles will published the platform, the average contributor can stay informed. legal entities and users will able share their thoughts well commenting the articles. legal documents the tan will updated with legal, blockchain-related articles. the subject these articles can range anywhere from taxes simple regulations. legal entities will able publish them and comment/upvote them. users will also able comment articles and up-vote them. legal entity profiles the tan will contain profile page from each subscribed legal entity. this page will contain contact details such the address the legal entity, remuneration details, cost hour, day, etc safehaven.io whitepaper tan usage safehaven.io legal entity perspective the tan, legal entities will able subscribe order sell their services their customers. every legal entity will have page describing their expertise and services (prices/ hours/location). those subscriptions will for free, want motivate them come our site, and will also help the tan's growth over time. the goal that those legal entities add, their own language and for their own country, district, state, all documentation related crypto law, ranging from tax affairs inheritance. the goal that the tan will become sort "wiki" for blockchain law, but only with credible documents and articles. once service like safe haven becomes available the tan, legal entities will able add those services their portfolio. the legal entity must pay annual fee, and lock sha tokens order offer safe haven's services potential customers. more details will released the following months. whitepaper safehaven.io whitepaper legal entities can login/subscribe the tan free charge legal entities can invite other users the tan legal entities can comment articles the tan legal entities can publish articles and legal documents (references and clarifications about crypto law) legal entities can moderate legal documents. legal entities need pay annual fee offer safe haven's services his/her clients. legal entities need lock minimum amount sha tokens able use the safe haven platform safehaven.io user perspective users will able view legal entities' profiles and use their services safeguard their legacy through one safe haven's protection plans. users will also able consult the tan for free. users can sign up/subscribe the tan free charge users can invite other users the tan users can comment articles the tan users can consult legal entities via safe haven's platform whitepaper safehaven.io whitepaper tan services integration safe haven service committed making digital assets inheritable; they offer digital inheritance services that are completely decentralized the blockchain with the tan involvement. this means safe haven will integrate the tan into its platform. other services not related inheritance will added over time. likely example would identity services and lending circles, any other blockchain project that needs our tan some dispute handling. safehaven.io tan rewarding system included rewards system (tan tokens) provide for and secure the growth the tan over time. grant stakes for actions performed legal entity and/or user our platform. the tan token minable proof work token. more details about this will become available the next upcoming weeks/months. https://github.com/safehaven-io/tan-chain whitepaper safehaven.io whitepaper sha protection plans created different protection plans serve the needs various stakeholders. the family circle plan (tfc) the family circle plan for those who wanton the day they pass away, their children able access their assets. the possibilities are almost endless; shares can divided flexible way, while safekeeping the secret secure and transparent manner. the fact that add validators our process keeps the process suitable for the most important matters, like our families. add the wonderful world "block-chaining" our process, which keeps the share decentralized. the decentralized database validator (smart contract mapping) adds extra security feature combined with state-of-the-art, simple, secret sharing protocol. the business continuity plan (bcp) the business continuity plan quite similar the tfc. the main difference that speak about stakeholders instead children and that the validation process different terms share unlocking. bcp the notary does not need medical rustication documents obtain the missing share through our services, but rather notarial acts prepared himself. the initiator can also choose whether include our tan (trust alliance network) have entirely automated process. the advantage this solution that not store the shares the blockchain, only small part, depending the different options chosen the initiator. order fully understand the different shares processes and our tfc protocol, kindly invite you read our white paper section the release and/or execution the shares protected smart contracts rely third-party involvement, more specifically known our trust alliance network. safehaven.io the investment circle the investment circle for those willing create fund amongst friends, family members, business stakeholders. for example: five friends want invest crypto-currencies, and each buy for what are their options? creating multi-sig wallet not option with all the flaws discovered lately. even when completely secure, one will always need trust within the group... how can this fixed? simple: through safe haven's share distribution protocol. holder encrypts the private key and safe haven splits the passphrase into shares. the stakeholders will receive equally the same number shares. consider this formula (without failsafe mechanism), have (y.n (x.n) (.) shares distribute where will protected the blockchain via the validator's (legal entity) share. the conditions liberate/release this share can anything from price thresholds, milestones, simply having consensus so. again, the possibilities are endless. the group may choose whether not they include our tan well. whitepaper safe haven vault strong passwords are hard memorize and cannot transferred, not legal manner anyway, from holder his her relatives. you want sure that your digital legacy does not die with you, and that relatives can access those accounts even when after death, store them through safe haven the blockchain using one our share distribution protocols. with safe haven's vault, you have the possibility protect any digital asset (crypto keys/seeds/passwords) our blockchain. the release the shares happens the initiator him/herself, he/she can even add watchdog mechanism that transfers the shares another user our platform autonomous way. one example the conditions that can set "keep-alive" functions. smart contracts are triggered once the contracts are overdue and monitoring stops. safehaven.io whitepaper safehaven protection plans with third party involvement: description tfc bcp investment circle vault decentralized yes full process automation yes third party involvement (tan) yes yes yes upgradeable smart contracts yes yes yes proof stake options yes yes yes safehaven protection plans without third party involvement: bcp investment circle decentralized yes yes full process automation yes yes upgradeable smart contracts yes proof stake options description third party involvement (tan) tfc n.a. vault n.a. safehaven.io whitepaper token utilization order use safe haven's services and platform, the initiator will need deposit sha tokens time-locked smart contract (i-tlsc). the sha tokens will released over-time relative the conditions written the smart contracts after validation within our trust alliance network (tan). those locked tokens will become inheritable soon the release procedure initiated. legal entity will need lock more tokens than standard user order use the tan foresee his customers with services. these tokens will locked into legal entity time-locked smart contracts. the number tokens that will need locked depend the terms conditions the smart contract. without the sha da's, our ecosystem will not function. order for legal entities subscribe our tan, they must lock certain amount sha for days. locked sha will become inheritable soon the conditions the associated smart contracts are fulfilled, and doing this sha will become the world's first inheritable digital asset. tokens locked for our investment circle will distributed amongst all stakeholders from the moment that all associated smart contracts conditions are fulfilled. safehaven.io whitepaper safehaven.io funds allocation total token offering the tokens are available for offering ,,,. sha. the total token supply will sold the initial token generation event for $,m usd. the total token supply will sold special auction raise december for total sha $,,.. community and media the token supply will used reward our most dedicated community members for various contributions the project. advisors and partners the token supply used incentives alignment mechanism for strategic partners, influencers and advisors. enterprise and title partners the token supply will used for enterprise and title partners that sign onto the safe haven platform. these partnerships will help accelerate the platform forward. team and founders the token supply reserved for the core contributors. these tokens will distributed based merit system and the discretion the foundation. reserve for development the token supply will reserved for future development the safe haven platform. whitepaper safehaven.io whitepaper ticker: sha total supply: ,,, vechainthor based token ico start date: tba exchange rate private sale sha/vet exchange rate private sale sha/vet exchange rate authority mjilnor node: sha/vet exhange rate thunder strength node: sha/vet exchange rate community public: sha/vet minimum cap: ,,usd maximum cap: ,,.usd safehaven.io roadmap whitepaper