safex (blue paper) peer-to-peer marketplace and fungible digital cash system guiding document safex developers, advisors, and early adopters ========= daniel dabek, ivana todorovic january abstract delineate the conclusion beta, and the start safex cash mining. future documentation will summarize the innovations that have taken place during the beta development phase and will published prior launch. this document the initial one and there will more follow, development progresses, which will describe depth each process reaches finalization code. purely peer-to-peer marketplace with embedded cryptocurrency that anonymous, has emission rate based merit, and easy obtain and use wide group people would allow mass adoption decentralized cryptocurrency. safex establishes network where digital currencies are fairly distributed through proof work mining. the emission rate such that the currency desirable earn through productivity and trade. every action: transfer currency and trade goods and services that take place the ecosystem via series linked transactions that are recorded regular intervals blocks. the chaining transactions balances forms blockchain. security brought technologies that enable privacy which allows all participants enjoy embedded trust and transparency. this provides people with secure enclave for building digital wealth. token introduction safex tokens provide means for people license themselves with the blockchain network. any activity users that intends lasting, and attached with form digital pseudonym, must established through usage safex tokens. there are ,,, safex tokens that will ever exist and they serve number important utilities for safex. this moment (january safex tokens exist the bitcoin blockchain, but they will moved their own blockchain during the launch phase the safex blockchain. while the safex blockchain could "vanilla" cryptocurrency and blockchain, the further progression safex establish decentralized marketplace. therefore, this document outlines the beta phase the development cycle. this blue paper outlines the foundation which the safex development team will build upon. the conversion safex tokens from the bitcoin blockchain into the safex blockchain will about the safex tokens that exist currently the bitcoin blockchain. the origins the safex project begin with the token being instantiated and traded the bitcoin blockchain. adheres the omni protocol, and identified the the series assets and its name safe exchange coin. the initialization the safex blockchain also enables the holders safe exchange coin, found the bitcoin blockchain the series omni protocol tokens, convert their bitcoin based tokens into safex blockchain based safex tokens. only the safex tokens that have been redeemed the safex blockchain are eligible for the properties for earning incentives and for establishing accounts. safex accounts earn incentives. establishing account with safex tokens requires the user encumber them such way that they can never removed the future. the network charges provision for trading the marketplace and therefore whoever has established account receives their share the provisions based their holdings relative the safex token supply. besides establishing account and encumbering only the minimal amount safex tokens, individuals can also create incentive transaction, which enables them receive incentives their entire holdings. these special transactions can unencumbered the future. migration safex from bitcoin blockchain. the migration safex from the bitcoin blockchain into the safex blockchain marks the start the safex blockchain. all safex tokens that are the bitcoin blockchain will passed through one way burn function and credited the safex blockchain and will forever only exist the newly established safex blockchain. incentives come from marketplace trades. incentives are established from charging marketplace fee, this provision all sales offers goods and services the platform. the conclusion payment the provision allocated proportionally all locked safex tokens. safex tokens are used establish accounts the safex network. safex tokens are required establish profile the network that establishes pseudonym which could used create brand recognition and also maintain consistent identity. this identity would valuable for establishing reputation and for making easy find specific user the network for interaction. further description safex accounts found the subsequent section. dealing with larger number incentive distributions. due potentially high volume incentive distributions, entire block will allocated regular interval order allocate incentives their respective beneficiaries. the beneficiary will able then spend from this block towards other offers the marketplace send another address. two types ways get incentives. the safex blockchain pays incentives two different forms safex tokens encumbrance. the first, safex tokens are used make alias (account) the network. payment incentives are still made those tokens spent forming the account. the second place, someone with safex tokens can "lock in" their tokens and begin receiving fees from the marketplace. the second not permanent, the tokens can unlocked from the blockchain. cash safex cash the currency the safex marketplace. safex cash necessary pay all transaction fees the network. every action that takes place the blockchain network requires the payment some network fee. safex cash obtainable through proof work mining well from staking safex tokens. safex cash also the principal payment method when fulfilling the purchase products and services the marketplace. cost performing incentive lock in. performing lock transaction will cost safex token which burned but counts towards the incentives the lock in. unlocking the safex tokens will cost additional safex token. money supply safex cash. the main function for safex cash act intermediary instrument between parties, that is, facilitate the business the market acting common medium exchange (mises, order achieve that goal, should meet the demand for currency enable all transactions the marketplace. taking into consideration that safex cash should generated from the start the safex blockchain, the emission the money supply must adjust according demand for money supply. demand for safex cash depends platform growth growth new active users (both buyers and sellers) and the number transactions. consequently, the emission curve for safex cash designed follow the rate marketplace adoption. safex marketplace the innovation applies new ideas (encryption, cryptocurrency) and new, more effective technology (blockchain) commerce. therefore, the adequate model that represents future growth the safex marketplace known "diffusion innovation". process which innovation communicated internally over time among the members social market system (rogers the diffusion follows s-shaped curve which means that the innovation requires lengthy period from the time becomes available until mass adoption achieved. our case, after the marketplace released, only class innovators are interested using (represented with slow, and deliberate start). communicated social system, other groups consumers begin adopting the marketplace (represented with accelerated growth). the last phase, growth rate diffusion decelerates and eventually reaches the saturation level. the safex cash emission curve going follow shape. there limit billion (,,,) safex cash that will emitted the next years minute per block). half the coins will mined first years, while the other half will emitted the following years. figure safex cash emission curve figure annual mining reward per block the purpose safex cash airdrop. order seed the network with activity and able cover fees for the initialization the marketplace, percent safex cash will airdropped. one half that amount (.% the money supply million coins) will obtainable the holders safex tokens during the start the safex blockchain. the other will assigned the safex development team. airdropped coins have key role the marketplace operation the first months launch, but they will also highly affect the future growth the safex platform. initial condition for using the marketplace the existence certain amount currency. without circulation the currency, operations wouldnt possible. so, airdropped safex cash are literally enabling usage the platform. the best way put money circulation distribute those who want use it. con sequently, coins will distributed safex token holders and the development team. one smaller amount the teams currency will used cover development costs. the main part will invested marketing and promotion order increase the number market participants galvanize trading the platform. also, safex cash will used finance future development the project using the safex marketplace mechanisms service providers. the amount dividends that safex holders will earn are directly dependent the gross merchandise volume. this creates strong incentive for safex holders promote the marketplace and spend (and earn) their safex cash from the platform. that why significant amount airdropped safex cash will used for marketing purposes and for buying goods and services. there will rewards available those who are adopting the network. emission new coins follows the marketplace adoption model. for example, years that are expected have exponential growth users and transactions, money supply growth will also exponential, and vice versa. this means the when there higher demand for money, mining rewards will higher. total supply safex cash limited one billion coins and when reaches the maximum miners will depend the transaction fees alone which will ample with widespread usage the currency. table safex cash mining schedule. year airdrop safex cash divisibility. safex cash divisible decimal places. names divisible quantities: safex cash dabek safex cash todor safex cash cortez safex cash cabral proof work mining. safex cash distributed using egalitarian proof work mining algorithm. the algorithm based the cryptonight algorithm (seigen, unrealistic think that hardware manufacturers will incorporate more expensive methods produce application specific machines for mining the coins. therefore, general purpose computers such the average home computer and best graphic card arrays will efficient mining safex cash. this means that the ability for ordinary people participate the support the network and acquisition safex cash more evenly distributed. for this reason and the money supply distribution that throughout the entire lifetime the safex marketplace and its blockchain block height mining reward total supply ,,, marketplace the main value proposition the safex blockchain its embedded marketplace. the world has found that cryptocurrencies are highly effective for making international payments and purchases (nakamoto, however, there are many shortcomings due offsite clearing the payments. safex blockchain addresses this providing fully functional marketplace mechanism where people are capable offering their goods services directly the blockchain and all payment clearing and processing takes place atomically via blockchain transactions. there are number advantages such system: title market curated and centrally managed marketplace vendors and participants). title market listing that backed staked participant. order post listing, such participant would need verified the title operator the controller the title. these listings are enabled provide identity; for example the title market for apples could be: apple, and within are all verified sellers listings apples, their prices, and terms redemption. the curator would then enable settings provide the proper means for the vendors fulfill their objectives trading their respective markets. the curator can enable disable anyone from participating this particular title, for instance, should apple vendor begin sell electronics the market for apples. longer people need host complex services provide purchasing mechanisms for cryptocurrencies. the advancement permits fewer risks service breach that leads theft and compromised payment systems involving cryptocurrencies. safex marketplace eliminates the web server altogether because all payment and clearing carried out cryptographically over decentralized network. discovery trading partners becomes more efficient that you can find products and services readily. escrow and arbitration. curators can also set arbitration rules, and the forms escrow that are permitted their market segment. this means that when merchant decides offer their product specific title market, they are enabling all the rules set forward the person who established that title. costs establishing title market. the cost establishing title market and becoming its curator requires basic account pay and burn safex tokens the time establishment. the curator the market can set fee for utilizing their segment and they will earn the fee from all sellers within their marketplace. the safex marketplace collection markets and sale listings. people can interact with the marketplace term agreements. within term agreement are the parameters which transaction will fulfilled. among the attributes include: arbitration, escrow, digital receipts, timestamp proofs, cash delivery. the possibilities expanded data structures cryptonote transaction allows the network implement various advancements utility (werner, encrypted marketplaces. any user has the ability fully encrypted their market, and order participate that market, the user must acquire the decryption key. finding and interacting with hosted markets. the transaction hash, the "web address" the blockchain where title marketplace listing void market listing can parsed from. void market (when someone has category marketplace listing). the safex marketplace permits any person pay listing fee which enables digital contract embedded and executed the blockchain network. these market listings bare title, and are free formed with arbitrary parameters. while the blockchain marketplace cannot censored any way, the way people experi ence the marketplace can regulated (voluntarily). thus, layer above the blockchain could act registry these transaction hashes that represent the destination specific product service within the safex marketplace. these addresses can then filtered and curated website application. full confidentiality established encrypting the marketplace listing. also possible that users will want privately share their marketplace listings. order facilitate this, users can encrypt their marketplace listing. only those characteristics which are required for the blockchain process escrow remain visible. the conditions and descriptions the product service remain encrypted via pgp. accounts users the marketplace can establish profile via safex account. safex account able display its identity and stored the blockchain. basic account consists name, avatar, website url, unique id, and array pgp keys. the most important aspect the fact that basic account could receive and give reputation. effectively, account capable applying its sell orders title market the void and represent its wares that marketplace approved the title market curator. basic account may not create title market. this type account can already begin acquire reputation and give feedback other transactions. the cost basic account burn safex tokens. these tokens are staked and earn residual dividends for the account. treasury safex needs way finance future development and maintenance. since safex completely decentralized community and software that has been demanded and built worldwide collective effort, also will need have some form ensure the maintenance its future. other decentralized technology platforms such dash (balazs, have found great success proliferating their message and development contributions offering bounties. safex will need permit for such provision that innovation remains constant trajectory, and for there unbiased reserve finance permit incentives made which the community could call demand improvements and the development new features. safex network fees are paid safex cash. each action that involves manipulating data related the marketplace takes the form transaction. these transactions bear network fee that must paid safex cash. treasury funding comes from trades the marketplace. provision all transactions will charged from all sales events .%. this amount will sent repository maintained the safex software. each trade enables feedback event for building reputation. when someone concludes trade with another party, long the trade took place with account, each person may grant feedback the other party. both buyer and seller can award reputation score between well text comment. part the provision from trade allocated that people need not worry about additional payments for the data costs when leaving feedback. community appointed chief architect. the community could appoint chief architect who could allocate the finances based monthly balance average without approval from the community. the chief architect will submit key that the blockchain software will recognize for spending funds. all expenses must proposal and should put towards critical infrastructure bounties developers, and other necessary expenses for the safex software. block utilization increases does the limitation order accommodate ever expanding user base. nominating chief architect. nomination chief architect could take place once every months. also majority participating voters will determine the outcome the vote. encrypted communication via the blockchain. anyone can store pgp key the safex blockchain for fee. therefore, messages can encrypted using the identifier the pgp key and stored the blockchain for retrieval the future the recipient. proposal for spending from the treasury for community initiatives. anyone with account could make proposal and anyone with safex tokens before the proposal was formed could cast vote whether approve decline expense. majority participants will determine the outcome the proposal. ring confidential transactions ensure fungible currency. critical element cryptocurrency that must mutually interchangeable. one unit safex cash must the same perception another safex cash unit. this defines the "cash" term the safex currency. therefore, the safex blockchain employs the use ring confidential transactions order preserve the fungibility the currency that each safex cash viewed the same way. this also means that when spending purchase agreement sending transaction the recipient has knowledge the purchasers other balances and has knowledge the purchasers spending habits (noether, blockchain the safex blockchain focuses addressing critical issues related community adoption and sustainability. this means that people who find themselves using the currency mined this blockchain must able maintain their sovereignty protecting their balances such way that adversaries cannot analyze and make targets the users. therefore, the currency must employ anonymizing features protect the people who use it. secondly, users should able exercise activities over the blockchain, this case exposing marketplace where people can buy and sell the things that they want and need from other people without leaving the confines the safex peer peer network. addition, the sustainability aspect depends the blockchain not being constrained and prone spam attacks due full blocks the case with bitcoin. ringct for securing private wealth. utilizing ring confidential transactions means that only the sender and the receiver know which transaction correct from the set inputs used form transaction. one the one hand the sender who formed the transaction has information about the real transaction and the other hand the recipient able sign off future transaction with their private key. these features are essential maintain privacy that one should expect with their finances when utilizing fully transparent and decentralized blockchain. dynamic block size deals with full blocks. common flaw and the subject intense controversy the capacity blocks many blockchain networks, particularly bitcoin. the safex blockchain employs dynamically adjusting block size limitation that conclusion have outlined path that will solve the most important issues that face cryptocurrencies today. those fair currency distribution, rigorous incentive model for promotion the ecosystem more participants, the means remain secure when spending funds within the digital realm, and finally mechanism through which people can engage meaningful trade among each other. from here the development team able produce minimum viable product that can the market and serve the people conduct crypto commerce. the future will full innovations beyond the initial implementation and only because took the first steps will those enhancements and optimizations possible. the early adopters are the first the market and will veterans utilizing our novel platform and leaders the new economic model that cryptocurrencies have presented us. have found the best way distribute money support real utilization, while maintaining the incentive for people participate fairly along the way. this project intends stand the test time and should considered global infrastructure that being cultivated for the long term. references balazs, (.) governance and budget system, https://dashpay.atlassian.net mises (.) the theory money and credit, yale university press, new haven, ct, usa nakamoto, (.) bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system, bitcoin.org noether, (.) ring confidential transactions, https://eprint.iacr.org rogers (.) diffusion innovations (rd ed.). new york: free press glencoe, usa seigen al. (.) cryptonight hash function, cryptonote.org werner al. (.) cryptonote transaction extra field, cryptonote.org