decentralized insurance for the blockchain era www.safeinsure.io contents abstract introduction statistics the problem fraud paper trails friction one size fits all lack self-service irrelevance safeinsure platform individually tailored partnerships masternodes safeinsure coin coin distribution wallet abstract safeinsure decentralized insurance marketplace bringing equitable price discovery and global access insurance policy shoppers worldwide. safeinsure puts power back into the hands consumers with honest, accountable, and democratic insurance marketplace high-performance blockchain. first for the insurance industry, safeinsure will provide access point between policymakers and consumers with great modularity and bespoke options instantaneous and nearly feeless manner without controlling intermediaries. using the safeinsure marketplace, customers will piece together custom insurance options for themselves according their needs without having pay for features and options they don't require. the safeinsure blockchain securitized masternodes, creating financial incentive for node operators safeguard the network and keep decentralized possible. masternodes will also function secondary source revenue for insurance policy providers they can become masternode operators using the income they generate the safeinsure marketplace. introduction long ago, ancient merchant ships trading the seven seas would pool resources together cover one another that one their ships would sink and lose its cargo. this archaic form insurance still effect today, and the vestiges these old policies are seen everywhere. best practices protecting against insurance fraud are absent, resulting artificially high premiums policy consumers. claims, payments, and contracts are all still done paper and telephone resulting erroneous information, lost data, and network inefficiencies. these inefficiencies and long settlement times are all passed down the consumer who pays higher and higher premium for each mistake. the introduction blockchain technology means these remnants the past can now stay there, and with safeinsure, the insurance industry can finally evolve. safeinsure harnesses blockchain technology create new digital accountability network for insurance buyers and providers, initiating new era which our distributed ledger technology can keep both consumer and provider utterly accountable without the need for intermediary. with transparency, honesty, and accountability guaranteed intermediary-free network, the safeinsure marketplace can bring competitive price discovery and modular insurance plans consumers worldwide. statistics the amount fraudulent insurance claims, resulting billion losses/ year the amount americans who trust insurance companies insurance companies who believe blockchain important insurance companies don't have plan place respond blockchain $.t the total amount insurance premiums paid the problem the insurance industry stands today faced with mounting issues. these issues have laid dormant for years, but time can longer cover them up. according the most recent pwc report the insurance industry, massive changes brought disruptors such safeinsure are inevitable. higher percentage insurance ceos than those any other industry are extremely concerned about the threats their growth prospects from the speed technological change, changing customer behavior and competition from new markets. the entire insurance business model being disrupted. pwc's financial services audit and risk committee forum, one-third insurance attendees cited technology and customers' expectations for -hour service the most disruptive forces the insurance business. currently, the insurance industry facing intense pressure adapt new modes uptime, evolving customer preferences regards the packages insurance they consume, and the need for cheaper operating costs. this end, accenture, fortune global management consulting company, has identified that the greatest source disruption heading from the insurance industry coming from blockchain. legacy industry businesses are dinosaurs world that has long since outpaced their ancient habits. the ancient habits insurance giants may seem elusive first, but once take deeper look, realize that they are problems many deal with all too often. the following are major problems the legacy insurance industry along with safeinsure solutions. fraud the insurance industry rife with fraud and has effective plan combat it. instead, major companies accept fraud fact doing business and hike insurance premiums cover their losses. recent years, all insurance claims were found fraudulent, totaling losses over billion/year the usa alone. globally, this figure much higher. safeinsure's blockchain solution stops fraud its tracks making impossible. rather than store user data and claims across centralized systems and paper, safeinsure stores all policies, claims, provenance, and ownership authenticity documents decentralized, tamper-proof blockchain. the safeinsure blockchain can queried any moment deliver factual data that mitigates the possibility fraud. billions dollars losses are avoided using the safeinsure solution, bringing insurance premiums down for our users, and making insurance policies much more fair and accessible all. paper trails the insurance industry steeped endless pages paper. unfortunately, this habit doesn't seem primed end any point soon, either. insurance giants' dependence paper severe that often the reason behind long delays service, missing records, inaccurate and exorbitant fees, and other inconveniences small and large. payments between insurers that are initiated clients such car companies with claims against each other are normally handled with paper payments such cash, check, electronic transaction with huge paper trail behind it. using safeinsure's blockchain solution, all these inefficiencies are instantly remedied paperless, direct way that involves total zero intermediaries. https://www.pwc.com/us/en/industries/insurance/library/top-issues.html https://insuranceblog.accenture.com/ultimate-guide-to-blockchain-in-insurance suppose company has claim against company company y's insurance brokers the payment and sends along check company x's insurance company, and much later, company receives compensation. between, there mountain bureaucracy, routing, time, and ultimately, friction. using safeinsure, company pays company x's claim directly via digital blockchain transaction that happens instantly, immutably recorded the safeinsure blockchain, and publicly auditable that all parties involved are satisfied with the honesty the entire procedure. paper, complicated trails employees offices spread around the globe, and centralized agency deal with. instead, everything happens the blink eye and indisputably trustful manner. welcome the age insurance autonomy, brought you safeinsure. friction the analog operating systems legacy insurance giants add untold amount friction daily operations. simply put, when even the smallest operational details have minute amount friction them, the larger operations are doomed extremely inefficient. let's use the claims process example. without safeinsure's blockchain solution, the claims process not only non-transparent, but hidden behind walls administrative tape thick that get answers regarding the status your claim requires calls made different departments, employee schedules, who remembers what, and finding specific page paper that "never made into the system." anyone who has dealt with insurance companies due car accidents, injuries, homeowner issues, and other unfortunate incidents know just how much the very companies that are supposed help times need become the source new type frustration when need least. safeinsure ends the era friction and brings forward new paradigm, one efficiency. with our blockchain solution, every step every claims process indisputably recorded our blockchain and observable this way, you need bit information regarding the status your claim, need recall information from past case, you can automatically and without waiting the phone for call that never arrives. one size fits all the insurance industry thinks everyone the same. that why their practice having "one size fits all" policy the industry standard. fortunately, times are changing rapidly and people everywhere understand that what works for their neighbor doesn't necessarily work for them. risk assessment, product packaging, and ratings are all generated from accumulated data that looks big numbers rather than individual people. the obvious problem with this arrangement that people end with insurance policies that don't fit them all. think going shoe store and being sold the same size shoe everyone else that came in. the shoe store doesn't make another size because they seem think that everyone can make the same size work. well, that isn't the case. today, consumers demand modular, custom options that fit their lifestyle and not that people halfway around the world. instead going the one-size fits all shoe store, consumers are demanding personalized service and product that molded and tailored their specific needs. safeinsure's policy marketplace the bespoke insurance tailor that the world needs. with safeinsure's marketplace, customers can add and drop everything they need and whatever they don't, creating unique policy that fits them like glove. apart from being suited exactly your needs, the policy you create the safeinsure marketplace will come significantly more affordable price than off-the-shelf options. lack self-service have you ever wished that you could skip the digital queues, skip the call center representative, and get straight the point when looking for information your policy? perhaps you've often wondered why there much unnecessary infrastructure between you and your policy. usually, the online portal provided your insurance company doesn't answer all your questions and requires signing into multiple locations, talking support staff, and tracking down obscure information longforgotten page. once you finally get the information you need, making the change another story. since the change you're after will almost certainly require someone's time, you can sure that administrative fee will tacked your next bill. safeinsure ends this frustrating chapter with the safeinsure portal. our experience designed keep you securely control such way that you can handle every change your service yourself and extra cost. how this done? blockchain technology brought new type contract with smart contracts. think smart contracts tiny programs that are triggered when certain conditions are met and execute their intended function instantly and without fail. that means zero downtime and reliability when you need most. for instance, you need change policy detail, you can simply log your safeinsure portal, select your policy, and toggle the options the policy toolbox. when you've given the the change, the smart contract charge that change will automatically into effect and instantly the work that used take entire company people handle. irrelevance insurance companies are notoriously irrelevant. they don't stay top customer needs, and because that, they simply don't know what you need. people's lives change. age, marry, move, retire, change professions, and have unexpected events occur. insurance companies pick these details late or, often the case, not all. the result insurance that outdated the speed our very own lives. when your insurance outdated, the policies handed you are irrelevant and that major concern. your policy does not attend your specific of-the-moment life needs, then sense, you aren't actually covered all. blockchain-based insurance policies safeinsure providers stay connected you need them be. using your safeinsure portal, toggle the information you'd like your policy know that changes, too does your policy. call this adaptive form insurance safeinsure your insurance always with you. safeinsure platform the safeinsure solution relies uniquely developed blockchain technology based masternodes. essentially, safeinsure makes tailored insurance options without the baggage we've unfortunately become accustomed when using traditional solutions. what this means your insurance policies are: individually tailored the days paying for one-size-fits-all insurance are over. with safeinsure, build your insurance with exactly what you need and nothing you don't practice, the way works simple. enter your safeinsure portal and register your information. toggle your preferences construct the insurance product you've been dreaming of. once finished, our blockchain systems will pass your information through risk assessment. the end this quick process, your custom product portfolio will ship out our providers who will compete with each other deliver the product you want extremely affordable rate. insurance products offered safeinsure come without the bloat giving you lean product and leaner pricing. after you've selected the right policy for you, pay for your policy using our native coin, sins. your payment processed instantly with all its information posted the safeinsure blockchain. once finished with your payment, you're officially insured the blockchain! sign submit application complete risk assessment payment receive quotes blockchain insurance policy partnerships partnerships are the essence growth, but unfortunately, legacy insurance providers haven't caught this key fact. sharp contrast traditional insurance verticals, safeinsure tirelessly working behind the scenes onboard many partners possible. the reason for this simple: with more partners comes more competition for your business, and with more competition comes better pricing. aggressively pursue partnerships because our untiring dedication bringing you the best insurance plans the leanest prices. with the sins you save from switching safeinsure, you'll able start masternode and generate passive income for yourself. masternodes keeping your information private massively important cornerstone the safeinsure blockchain platform. traditional insurance providers take your valuable data and, instead using give you better service, pass third parties who use your data ways that don't benefit you all. essence, your data providers insurance companies with second stream revenue that has nothing with delivering better service you. safeinsure makes that impossible with the use masternodes. safeinsure masternodes are, essence, decentralized nodes which host wallet containing collateralized amount sins. these collateralized nodes perform several tasks including: adding privacy layers transactions increasing network transaction speeds allowing masternode owners governance rights the network providing financial incentive for node operators giving return investment (roi) for transactions validated safeinsure masternode operators receive passive income for accomplishing the work securing the network. the amount collateral and masternodes owned determine your roi. furthermore, safeinsure incentivizes insurance policy providers use our blockchain platform giving them the option using their sins revenue operate masternodes their own. this way, insurance companies will earn revenue from selling custom policies our users, and they will earn additional revenue from using their marketplace income operate masternodes that generate roi. safeinsure coin the safeinsure platform operates using sins: indispensable, protocol-layer coin necessary for every action using safeinsure. sins are required for every ransaction and every instance which smart contract executed. furthermore, asternodes require collateral held sins. sins are, therefore, integral the everyday operation the platform. importantly, sins will not sold presale, pre-ico, ico. instead, will distribute sins exchanges, creating instantly liquid source for the coins wherein users can purchase the requisite amount sins for the policies they want purchase. algorithm quark type pos masternode max coin supply sins block generation seconds coin distribution the safeinsure coin distribution event places premium research, development, and adoption. these three points are the pillars safeinsure's forward-looking approach, buoyed additional funding for other key areas such legal counsel, operating costs, and business partnership development. with balanced coin distribution model, safeinsure sets the foundation for success. fasten adoption promo business partners dev, founder, team advisior development research leagal advisor operational cost marketing wallet our safeinsure wallet built securely store your sins for two main purposes. securely store sins for insurance policy payments hold collateralized sins for masternode operation receive passive income from masternode operation with these critical use cases mind, we've developed simple, ironclad, beautiful wallet available every major operating system. find safeinsure has presence every major social media channel out there. want make easy for you connect with and ask any questions you may have make sure that safeinsure right for you. join the discussion at: https://discord.gg/rduewm https://twitter.com/safeinsure https://www.facebook.com/pg/safeinsure-/ https://github.com/safeinsure/sins-coin www.safeinsure.io