the purpose white paper introduction safecoin was born the premise that cryptocurrency and associated coin needs serve purpose. the crypto market awash with dozens coins wishing commercialise and capitalise the emerging blockchain technology and leverage off the promise the technology stack's disruptive capabilities, yet; believe they fail providing real-world applicability, resolving current problems serve any potential purpose. describing the purpose safecoin, worth revisiting the history coinage and money and why they were brought into being, and finally revisiting their purpose. coinage precious metals had been widely used for commercial purposes and used means payment, facilitating barters and trade. typically weighed and cut, the intrinsic value rest the relative rarity the metal material. trade practically, this solved the immediate need for barter facilitation addressing agreed-upon intermediary store value and means payment peer-to-peer exchange goods services. however, dependent the localised geographies, the rarity would differ vastly with different materials representing differing values due scarcity and desirability. around the trade expanded civilisations mediterranean and trade routes expanded their reach, this further exacerbated the underlying problem facing network markets, their perceived value for the medium exchange and broad acceptance means payment. this led the evolution coinage. the use these payment methods and store value widely known have existed many civilizations globally throughout history, but the use coinage understand today, can traced back lydia, circa the seventh century. concept, coinage issued issuing authority through minting process and recognized standard across area that authority. coinage sardis, the first stamped coins were struck made natural occurring alloy called electrum (elektron greek) comprised both silver and gold and few lesser precious metals. importantly, the coin weight well the ratio the coin's metallurgical composition was consistency applied ensuring standardization value. coinage was introduced solve difficulty within lydia, its subject territories well neighbors, providing consistent value for transactions. quickly, lydia evolved and was recognized being the forefront retail and trade the region, part, due the facilitation trade through coinage. surrounding territories minted and stamped their own imagery their coins reflection their area influence but the relative rarity electrum and its natural occurrence the phenomenon was limited only the lydia meant that lydia and subject territories. was century that the concept minting coins silver and gold respectively, saw the monetary innovation introduced and widespread adoption take place. historian (c. quoting from herodotus greek -c. bc), "so far have any knowledge, they (the lydians) were the first people introduce the use gold and silver coins, and the first who sold goods retail". coinage the importance this historic event that introduced the first known example bimetallism; monetary system wherein the issuing state fixes the relative exchange rate between the gold and silver coins. monetary systems from these events, ancient civilization daric, shekel and others were born. whilst differing currencies were born reflective their respective issuing state, the resultant premise their purpose described below: results mutually-agreed medium for trade store value means payment for goods services means payment for taxes and tributes (dependent governing authorities, specific coins were accepted only) coinage the stakeholders this bygone era enjoyed financial independence they could selectively choose the trade their choice they entered into barter. the trades were private that there was mediating financial institution the peer-to-peer transaction and each individual stored their own hoard providing them the privacy they wished for well the coins itself could not traced history transactions other individuals there was identities records the transactions having taken providing anonymity. place, anonymity, privacy and independence are all attributes directly enjoyed through the use coins, cash-based system trade. cash does not require the disclosure personal information between both parties involved transaction. governments and financial systems often cite the lack tracking and auditing means facilitating illegal activities. this regard, the villainization the use cash relentlessly pursued increasing number transactions. countries have imposed caps cash conversely, the limiting coin cash based transactions, removes the rights trading participants holders value the rights their financial independence, privacy and anonymity. privacy vs. anonymity often these terms are used interchangeably but they differ significantly. transaction "anonymous" one knows who you are while transaction "private" and for what amount, are unknown. what you purchased, credit are not anonymous and they are not private. card transactions your information fully available the issuing bank, the merchant, the credit card network, and law enforcement the first cryptocurrency, identities bitcoin subpoenaed. visible with his the personal this regard, anonymous but not private. are not revealed the block chain transaction connecting blockchain. information but every bitcoin user centralized exchanges using on-line wallets, has now inadvertently given his right both privacy and anonymity. little difference anonymity between using bank transact. result, there coinbase and using why bitcoin and many cryptos fail bitcoin the first digital currency achieve widespread adoption. rose prominence due the fact that unlike traditional e-cash schemes requires trusted parties. modern times, financial transactions are "agreed to" through mediator bank that decides the fate the transaction. contrast, bitcoin leverages distributed ledger known the block chain store transactions made between users. because the blockchain massively replicated mutually-distrustful peers, the information contains public. necessity for central authorizing bitcoin financial removes the agency and replaces with tamper-proof distributed peer-accepted model. however, fails offer even modicum the privacy provided traditional payment systems, let alone the robust privacy anonymous e-cash schemes. why bitcoin and many cryptos fail increasingly accepted that possible surface the identity crypto currency owners using information the block chain itself, such the structure the transaction graph well the value and dates transactions. understanding that bitcoin with this not anonymous itself, different methods and techniques have been utilized for those with sufficient motivation obfuscate their transaction history with the help mixes tumblers. mixer allows users entrust set coins pool operated central party and then, after some interval, retrieve different coins pool. mixers (with the same total value) from the suffer from the following limitations: the mix can trace coins the mix may steal coins the delay reclaim coins must large allow enough coins mixed given the limited utility some crypto coins, these risks may acceptable some users. why bitcoin and many cryptos fail believe that legitimate users wishing keep their spending habits private from others, not wish spend additional effort ensuring their own privacy. further, many others may not even aware that their privacy typically compromised. the crypto community should offered different option and remain offered instant, safe. people using safecoin are risk-free transacting and privacy, guaranteeing the shielding their data and their transactions from publicly accessible means was the case with safecoin the advent ensures that money described anonymous earlier. transactions guarantee the market value coin independent its history, thus ensuring legitimate users' coins remain fungible. mutual exchange safecoin origins many cryptocurrencies preceding innovations that have safecoin have pioneered network architecture, yielded distributed ledgers and consensus mechanisms for storage, transmission and security. safecoin these innovations establishing has selected the best safecoins technology stack and platform, ensuring evolve from established development safecoins the efforts and innovate further ensuring longterm viability. safecoin team thanks and acknowledges the foundational projects: bitcoin, dash, komodo, supernet, zcash zencash community-driven ensuring that and and furthers these crypto-curreny safecoin projects innovations add the global community pool knowledge remaining owned the public domain, shared vision. satoshi why safecoin? ico, unfair distribution, cashgrabs mining tax, treasury, dev fees and node tax transparent and published small pre-mine for bounties, airdrops, marketing and initial coin listing exchange community voting and funding rounds for additional listings on-going focus privacy and building value the communities anonymity rights, whilst safety isn' expensive; it's priceless safecoin privacy evolved zksnark coin mixer tor tor shielded transactions zcash can fully encrypted the blockchain, yet still verified valid under the network's consensus rules using zk-snark proofs. komodo jumblr coin mixing tor network anonymous communication enhanced deeponion improved traffic end-to-end integration connection obfs obfs obfuscating encrypting the data between the user and the tor node, making impossible analyze the packets and detecting that the tor used tor for and safecoin trade evolved gui wallet wallet staking interest safe.nodes cross-coin atomic swops fiat payment gateway fair.exchange decentralised exchange safecoin specifications component details hash algorithm equihash consensus pow, *dpow, *pos privacy zk-snarks jumblr nodes *safenodes block time seconds total supply million soft cap block reward coins halving (+/- days) wallet pos interest yearly cumulative pre-mine million future releases www.safecoin.org all product names, logos, and brands are property their respective owners. all company, product and service names used this website are for identification purposes only. use these names, logos, and brands does not imply endorsement. the information and graphical content contained the white paper and website should not construed guarantee and subject change any time without prior notification. the information contained herein intended for familiarization, and should not utilized reproduced any form full part. the white paper has been prepared the best our knowledge and research, however should not relied upon for any future actions including but not limited financial investment related decisions. the company, founders, advisors affiliates shall not liable for any losses that arise any way due the use this document the contents contained herein.