ico like other ico saifu taking cryptocurrencies the masses. invest now and help make difference hello@saifu.ai saifu.ai ico.saifu.ai disclaimer please read this disclaimer section carefully. you are any doubt what you should do, consult your legal, financial, tax, other professional advisor(s). the information below may not exhaustive and does not imply contractual relationship. while have made every effort ensure that all information this whitepaper accurate and date, the material way constitutes professional advice. saifu does not guarantee, and accepts legal liability whatsoever arising from connected to, the accuracy, reliability, currency, completeness the information this whitepaper. investors and potential saifu token holders should seek appropriate independent professional advice prior relying on, entering into any commitment transaction based information published this whitepaper, which purely published for reference purposes. saifu tokens are not intended constitute securities any jurisdiction. this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. saifu does not provide any opinion advice important purchase, sell, otherwise transact with saifu tokens and this white paper shall not form the basis of, relied upon connection with any contract investment decision. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment relation the sale and purchase saifu tokens, and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper. the primary purpose purchasing saifu tokens for the use saifu services. while saifu has system place that may result the growth value saifu tokens and secondary market for saifu tokens may available, saifu does not take legal responsibility for any loss value saifu tokens. please understand that the saifu token not security, but meant for use within the saifu ecosystem pay for all saifu services. saifu tokens may have value and there guarantee representation liquidity for saifu tokens. saifu and its representatives are not and shall not responsible for liable for the market value saifu tokens, the transferability and/or liquidity saifu tokens and/or the availability any market for saifu tokens through third parties otherwise. citizens and residents (tax otherwise) singapore, other singapore persons are not eligible purchase saifu tokens. "singapore person" defined natural person, residing singapore any entity organized incorporated under the laws singapore. citizens and residents (tax otherwise) the people's republic china (>), other prc persons are not eligible purchase saifu tokens. defined natural person, residing the people's republic china, any entity organized incorporated under the laws the prc. saifu tokens are not security and not provide any equity ownership, dividends otherwise control over saifu, which applicable information for citizens, green card holders and residents the united states america. however, you are unsure the regulatory requirements, which frequently change, consult your legal financial advisor. why the world needs saifu doesn't have this way the growth cryptocurrencies changing saifu, started with couple the way that some people store and exchange questions: "why should cryptocurrencies value. but right now, cryptocurrencies are only the exclusive domain the technically accessible relatively small community. skilled?" and "why can't make for most people cryptocurrencies can difficult buy, hard keep safe and it's difficult use cryptocurrencies for many dayto-day financial transactions, such shopping. businesses are also considering how they can benefit from using cryptocurrencies but many feel locked out these new currencies. poor integration between cryptocurrencies and traditional financial systems means that buying and using cryptocurrencies often regarded only being viable for 'geeks' and technology enthusiasts. cryptocurrencies easier access safer use and available much, much wider community?" and now we've got cryptocurrency business that's already and running and, this ico, you can invest saifu's planned growth. established business, saifu already providing range cryptocurrency services individuals consumers. however, we're also planning introducing services for businesses and services for banks and also extending the range services that offer consumers. make easier and safer for consumers, businesses and banks buy and use cryptocurrencies. saifu gives customers the simplicity one account for all their currencies and cryptocurrencies. our service secure, regulated and easy use and that means almost anybody can run saifu account: secure: key points about the saifu ico why saifu what do? because we're taking cryptocurrencies much wider customer base, believe that the potential for growth massive. unlike icos that ask investors trust unproven concept that has not yet 'gone market', saifu has moved far beyond the concept stage. saifu already operating and already has customers (in limited beta testing). our multi-layered, bank-grade security helps keep our customers' money safe. regulated: unlike most cryptocurrency exchanges saifu has license and monitored external regulators. easy: saifu fast and easy use our customers don't need any special skills. secure our customers can leave the security worries own business security. they seem think that the customer's tried and tested security 'the customer's problem'. the core our system based don't think that's good enough. e-money payment platform that's been believe it's unfair expect customers security years. the platform complies with: experts. instead, don't just take care our own business security... also use some the banking industry's most tried tested technologies help keep customers' money safe. saifu the first service that brings world-class, banking-grade security the cryptocurrency world. use combination hardware and software technologies deliver multi-layered security that does more protect each customer's saifu account. our customers can enjoy the freedom and flexibility that cryptocurrencies offer while take care day-to-day security issues. secure many cryptocurrency exchanges only appear focus their tried and tested the market for over e-money directive //ec payment services directive //ec ifrs standards addition using some the industry's most effective and secure technologies, we've also developed our own solution for securely managing cryptocurrencies. using established technologies from thales world leader banking security technologies more protect access each customer's saifu account. each account has access key that stored within our thales hardware security module. each key created the thales hardware security module... and spends its entire life the module. because none the keys can leave the security module, hackers can't steal them. even the unlikely event our systems being hacked, customer keys can't stolen. our system also uses series 'cold vaults' and 'hot vaults' help protect each customer's money. transactions can only proceed and account keys can only accessed when trusted member the saifu team inserts smartcard into the security module. for day-to-day operations, this process transparent for our customers even though they're benefitting from extra level security, 'behind the scenes'. multi-layered security our multi-layered security measures include: multi-factor authentication help block unauthorised access account data encryption help protect sensitive information web application firewall hypervisor and internal firewalls anti-malware anti-ddos (distributed denial service) intrusion detection prevention system security patch management operating system file integrity monitoring secure awareness training programs for saifu employees secure hardening unified security management using advanced security information event management (siem) system secure architecture, including: source code audits penetration tests access rights management incident response plan regulated delivering service our customers can truly trust regulaed our reputation everything that's why choose regulated. unlike downtime help ensure customers can access many cryptocurrency operators, saifu fully our services whenever they want to. regulated financial institution and that means more help protect customers' money and deliver service that customers can depend on. because hold licences from the czech national bank (cnb), have comply with some very rigorous rules and procedures. even our organisational structure has been reviewed and approved regulator. our security measures are reviewed independent regulator. the interests fund protection, operate two types bank account: customer account used store our customers' funds. operational account used for our operational funds payments. monitor all blockchain transactions against risk indicators. have in-depth risk management strategy. adhere strict anti-money laundering (aml) and know your customer (kyc) procedures. our business and its day-to-day operations are regularly audited one the world's largest accountancy firms. our systems are designed help minimise easy cut out the cryptocurrency complexity whereas many cryptocurrency exchanges can difficult use saifu's online banking interface and mobile app have been developed make customers' lives easier. easy cryptocurrencies whether they're home, the office out and about, customers benefit from convenient way manage their cryptocurrencies and traditional currencies. because each function has been designed intuitive use... customers don't need any special technical skills banking skills. customer already knows how use online banking service mobile banking app... they'll find that using saifu piece cake. the saying goes: 'time money' that's why we've worked hard make saifu simple use. there are lots icos how you choose the one that's worthy your investment? saifu's business model not just great idea it's fully functioning business that's already and running (in limited beta testing) but why this important you? the answer's simple... helps reduce risk. moving from concept reality believe that too many fledgling potential investors: because the business businesses are using icos raise the funds hasn't yet started trading, there could they need implement the initial stages very long wait before investors start their business plans: see return their investment and the risk buy the first elements their infrastructure failure could very high. including their first systems. this second point key factor for investors. purchase leases their first premises. today's highly competitive world, recruit the initial personnel team. great idea may not enough ensure this can present two major problems for successful and profitable business. because there are many diverse tasks involved moving from initial concept fully functioning business, for example: recruiting personnel acquiring systems commissioning systems and implementing security here's where the saifu ico different the saifu executive team has already invested its own prototyping the business's new product service money and time driving the business forwards: refining the new product's service's performance establishing the business rolling out back office business processes there are lot things that can wrong. any stage the move from 'concept reality', failure could totally acquiring and commissioning the core systems acquiring payment institution license implementing bank-grade security measures scupper the business's chances success. winning initial customers and operating the business. addition, the new business may have severely because saifu already established business underestimated how much money needs raise establish day-to-day operations and that could (in limited beta testing) that's already serving customers saifu has already moved see the business having raise more money from far beyond the concept stage. investors. some cases, the business could fail that sets apart from many other icos and helps result having insufficient working capital. reduce risk for our investors. there's risk that won't convert the saifu business concept into reality... because it's already done. the reality saifu functioning business... we're just looking for ico investment help develop the business even further. saifu already operating business, why have ico? the funds raise during the ico are essential element helping grow our business faster rate, can accelerate our plans to: expand into new territories introduce additional services and products serve wider range customers, including: consumers businesses ...and even banks that want easy way add cryptocurrency services the products they offer their own customers. ico that's about more than money financial profit the lifeblood every successful business. without it, investors may see little return their investment... and business may cease exist. course, saifu, profitability vitally important factor ensuring can grow and deliver value our investors. however, firmly believe that can combine financial gains that will underpin our longterm sustainability plus strong element corporate social responsibility (csr). making cryptocurrencies accessible the many not just the chosen few believe we're helping the wider population enjoy the flexibility and potential financial benefits that cryptocurrencies can offer. for too long, cryptocurrencies have been the exclusive preserve the financially sophisticated and the technically skilled. but now saifu taking cryptocurrencies the masses. doing good can also good more ethical investment? course, making cryptocurrency believe that saifu's ico will appeal many purchases and transactions reality for investors that are interested investments that wider range consumers, businesses have the potential more than just deliver and banks, believe can tap into financial returns but can also help some truly massive market. good for the wider community. believe that the potential scalability helps build compelling argument for investing saifu. so, think it's kind virtuous circle: because we're committed taking cryptocurrencies the masses that helps spread the potential benefits cryptocurrencies more people which, turn, can give massive potential grow our business and that can help grow our profits. the future for saifu? there are three main phases our business development roadmap. phase already completed and phase already progress. phase coverage: initial services for individuals consumers status: completed we're already making easy for people get enabled wire transfers traditional currencies both involved cryptocurrencies without our customers into and out consumers' saifu accounts (via both needing have any specialist technical skills. sepa and swift) our customers can manage both their traditional currencies and cryptocurrencies single account. it's easy flexible... and it's all protected bankgrade security. enabled account topping-up consumers can use their existing visa mastercard (from any bank) add funds their saifu account. enabled outward transfer funds consumers can transfer traditional currencies from their saifu account and their existing visa mastercard (at here's what we've already done: any bank) issued saifu debit cards our customers. these gained licence small payment institution cards can linked traditional currencies set ibans accounts for our customers for both cryptocurrencies traditional and cryptocurrencies. set trading robot for cryptocurrencies enabled payment operations for traditional developed new online and mobile bank user currencies and cryptocurrencies interfaces that are designed for ease use set exchange operations for traditional currencies set internal compliance functions for traditional and cryptocurrencies currency and cryptocurrency operations including: set and commissioned security platform that anti money laundering (aml) delivers bank-grade security for our customers' know your customer (kyc) cryptocurrencies and transactions counter terrorist financing (ctf) phase coverage: initial services for business customers and additional services for individuals consumers status: progress for individuals consumers: setting new platform that makes easier and safer for individuals buy and hold crypto tokens we've already started work developing without users needing have specialist technical skills services that will enable businesses benefit from enabling mobile payments, including: being able process cryptocurrency transactions. we're also working extending the range services that offer consumers. apple pay android pay samsung pay here's what's included phase and some issuing saifu branded debit cards that are linked the these items are already being worked on: customer's saifu account for businesses: for our general operations: setting services help businesses store and further development our trading robot for use both cryptocurrencies and traditional currencies cryptocurrencies using artificial intelligence (ai) for their business operations. and big data cryptocurrency custody services for companies obtaining principal licences for visa and mastercard establishing payroll programs for businesses both achieving authorized payment institution cryptocurrencies and traditional currencies electronic money institution licence enabling cryptocurrency acquisition and payments connection the swift banking system (the society for both online and offline business for worldwide interbank financial telecommunication) issuing saifu branded debit cards that are linked integration with sepa (single euro payments area) the business's saifu account phase coverage: additional services for consumers and businesses plus the provision services banks status: planned for implementation after ico for banks: establish interbank platform for cryptocurrency clearing operations service for banks for consumers and businesses: introduce deposit accounts for consumers and businesses that want save both traditional currencies and cryptocurrencies issue saifu credit cards both consumers and businesses for our general operations: obtain commercial bank licence introduce open api help enable open banking what your investment could for the business even though saifu and running business, have very aggressive growth strategy. achieve accelerated growth, we'll need devote funds to: marketing and business development operational development, including: technologies people licences and compliance operational development grow our customer base and expand into new regions we'll also have scale our back office and front office resources... cope with the planned growth demand for saifu's services. we'll use part the ico funds invest in: technologies our existing systems and security systems will need scale order handle the planned increase the volume transactions and customers. people marketing and business development saifu's back office and front office teams will need grow help ensure can deliver high quality service and customer care growing customer base across greater number territories. organic growth whereby satisfied customers tell their friends about saifu's services very important helping 'spread the word' and grow our business. however, accelerate our growth, it's important that also invest time and effort spreading the word about saifu's services and the benefits they can offer customers. the ico will enable increase our budgets for marketing and business development activities that will help to: grow our customer base our existing territories expand into new territories licences and compliance expand the range services that offer and the range customers that service including businesses and banks we'll need comply with wider range regulations and controls. saifu token ico overview ico pre-sales soft cap: minimum purchase minimum purchase hard cap: price level: price level: price level: btc btc dates: dates: jan mar dec dec jan jan initial trading: march btc token details purchase saifu tokens now that you can use them for our services. saifu tokens are used pay for all transaction fees the saifu website and app. you can buy tokens now discount get cheaper services once the services are and running, when will issue the tokens officially. buying and holding our tokens will also get you benefits using our service through our rewards system, which gives bigger discounts the more tokens you hold. token economics there are three core activities that will contribute token appreciation: demand from new and existing customers loyalty program for each transaction, burning tokens saifu reserves the right all transaction fees and other revenues customers will receive rewards the form burn daily saifu token revenues, earned saifu will saifu tokens. saifu tokens depending the number addition the right use company funds fees are determined currency, and are saifu tokens they have their accounts. buy tokens the market and burn them. paid saifu customers saifu tokens. customers are divided into gold, silver and these features allow saifu support the tokens can purchased directly, earned bronze programs based the number price the tokens decreasing overall through rewards, siafu will automate the saifu tokens users have their accounts, supply the market, also resulting purchase for the purposes each individual which receive incremental levels rewards. token appreciation. transaction, that users don't have even customers with saifu tokens their themselves. saifu's customer base grows accounts get small rewards. and more transactions are conducted using the service, demand for tokens will rise, increasing the value the token. additional features key services that require saifu tokens are: exchange fiat crypto currencies for individuals and companies ease use customers not hold sufficient saifu tokens their accounts, the crypto-exchange module inside the service will manage conversion external fiat exchange crypto fiat currencies and crypto currencies tokens and back. will for individuals and companies automatically and transparently without any user fiat money payments for individuals involvement. and companies future expansion fiat fiat currencies exchanges accommodate third-party goods and services that for individuals and companies could bought for saifu tokens, which would create saifu card issuing and monthly fee currency conversions for card transactions when card one currency (e.g. eur) linked account another currency (e.g. btc) access trading robot feature and its success fee the future, saifu's internal marketplace could grow additional demand. token bonuses for the company, founders, team and advisory board the total ico, awarded the founders, team and advisory board, with additional retained saifu for market making and rewards prices and settlements purposes. the founders and team are required hold all prices and settlements are determined fiat and the tokens for least six months before selling. cryptocurrencies. during each transaction, the market price will used determine the amount tokens pay platform fees. for example, transaction might carry fee ($.), which the platform would buy from market take from the user's account the disclaimer equivalent saifu tokens. because prices are set fiat, the saifu token not any way security, and growth the token price will not affect user fees. should not purchased such. token value customer looking use our service, understand you want confident that the tokens you buy now will hold their current value, and possibly give you future benefits they gain value. saifu provides the following ways helping maintain the token's value: demand from new and existing customers loyalty program loyalty program all transaction fees and other revenues for each transaction, customers will saifu reserves the right burn earned saifu will saifu tokens. receive rewards the form saifu tokens daily saifu token revenues, addition the fees are determined currency, and are depending the number saifu tokens right use company funds buy tokens paid saifu customers saifu tokens. they have their accounts. customers the market and burn them. these features tokens can purchased directly, earned are divided into gold, silver and bronze allow saifu support the price the tokens through rewards, siafu will automate the programs based the number saifu decreasing overall supply the market. purchase for the purposes each individual tokens users have their accounts, which transaction, that users don't have receive incremental levels rewards. even themselves. saifu's customer base grows customers with saifu tokens their and more transactions are conducted using accounts get small rewards. the service, demand for tokens will rise, increasing the value the token. the loyalty program has two ways helping the token maintain and/or grow its value: first, token demand increased via rewards; and second, users will seek hold the token get higher status and discounts fees for the company's services. saifu team alexander legoshin evgeny vigovsky zach murray chairman the supervisory board, co-founder coo cto, co-founder head communications evgeny senior executive, with vast zach has years experience alexander has over years experience experience successfully creating and bringing high- management, finance and strategic marketing and history tech products and services the global market. communications, with mba from successful investments. turned evgeny has been blockchain enthusiast since cass business school london. his attention the new and growing cryptocurrency market. over the next few years, alexander became partner several successful businesses various sectors. saifu, responsible for skilled global business development, information security and technology, fintech, blockchain, products and services management, development and marketing. strategic development, regulator relations saifu evgeny charge operational side and global business development. the business, development new products for has worked for top global financial institutions new york, london and moscow, and well connected the global world finance. saifu, zach runs communications for ico participants, businesses and users. corporate and private clients, well technological development and security the service. eizens slava victoria kolosova head back office head customer service eizens started his career the banking industry victoria has strong background the banking back the latvian parex bank. holding and finance industry. she started her career senior positions, was developing the loans russia's largest bank sberbank working and leasing business the bank the local with credit cards. after moving the latvian and international markets. for over two years, expobank she held various positions was the head key accounts department, vice the client services, business development and president the latvijas krajbanka (latvian savings compliance. she became the corporate bank). eizens left the banking industry business development manager the bank's become ceo and then chairman the board representative office hong kong. her latest the payday loans company via sms group job was business consultancy for payment operating six european markets. before joining facilitator the czech republic. saifu, victoria saifu where the head back office, was supervising customers service operations. engaged loans and mortgage brokerage. saifu taking cryptocurrencies the masses. invest now and help make difference