sakura bloom (skb) white paper skb product intelligent contract technology based ethereum. digitized the assets the physical world and implemented through the latest erc tokens. has greater security and the advantages faster transfer money than other kinds tokens. ethereum technology the ethereum learns from the technology bitcoin block chain and expands its application scope. the bitcoin uses the dedicated calculator with block chain technology the ethereum will use the general-purpose computer with block chain technology. briefly speaking, the ethereum block chain intelligent contract. intelligent contract the intelligent contract program not just computer program that can automatically executed. it's system actors. responds the received information. can receive and store value and also can send out information and value. this program like trusted person who can hold assets temporarily and always follow the rules advance. the following diagram intelligent contract model. piece code (intelligent contract) deployed shared and duplicated ledger. can maintain its own state. controls its own assets and responds the received external information assets. intelligent contract model: it's computer program that runs duplicated and shared ledger. can process information, receive, store, and send value. erc erc tokens erc token code the erc token code set agreed intelligent contract function and event name. what token? token (token) way defining value block chain that used demarcate financial digital assets. https://github.com/ethereum/eips/issues/ contract erc function totalsupply() constant returns (uint totalsupply); function balanceof(address _owner) constant returns (uint balance); function transfer(address _to, uint _value) returns (bool success); function transferfrom(address _from, address _to, uint _value) returns (bool success); function approve(address _spender, uint _value) returns (bool success); function allowance(address _owner, address _spender) constant returns (uint remaining); event transfer(address indexed _from, address indexed _to, uint _value); event approval(address indexed _owner, address indexed _spender, uint _value); through these function sets, you can get the functions total number tokens issued, balance, transfer and distribution the tokens, and approval the currency. with these specifications, there basis for designing and developing wallets that can supported the wallets developed. erc token characteristics the tokens defined the erc code have the following major features: decentralization determination total assets assets transferable decentralization "decentralization" phenomenon structure. can only present system with many users nodes. each user can connect and affect other nodes. generally speaking, everyone center. everyone can connect and affect other nodes. this flat, open-sourced, equality the phenomenon structure called "decentralization". the same time, "decentralization" one the typical characteristics block chain. uses the distributed storage and computing power. the rights and obligations the entire network node are the same. the data nature the system maintained the whole network node, thus the block chain longer dependent the central processing node realize the distributed storage, recording and updating the data. each block chain follows the uniform rules. this rule based cipher algorithm rather than credit certificate. the process data update requires the approval the user, thus laying the block chain does not require intermediary and trust agencies endorsement. determination total assets based the erc tokens, once issued, its total can longer modified avoid the issuers arbitrarily increase the total amount tokens, which results the instability tokens value. assets transferable the tokens each address represent the assets the address holders. these assets have some value. when you need transfer these assets others, you only need transfer money the addresses others the wallet exchange.