(c) hts contents important notice executive summary background what are salarium and salpay? revenue model salarium salpay lening platform salarium customers salarium team salarium investors company background the problems salpay tokens are addressing businesses need pay employees beoynd bpo and the philippines remittance for freelancers and service bitcoin cryptocurrency remittance philippines the solution: salpay token and exchange network getting corporates blockchain the financial flow salpay tokens purchase salpay tokens companies salarium and salpay salpay exchange network salpay wallet and card technical overview the token disbursing funds sale salpay tokens ico structure sale sale period conditions closing token distribution pre-sale bonus use funds liquidity licenses development value token holders roadmap conclusion salpay token important notice this document (the "whitepaper") does not constitute include recommendations with respect to, advice on, any opinion with respect the sale purchase tokens (the "salpay tokens") issued issued salpay tokens pte ltd subsidiary salarium pte. ltd. ("salarium")) including relation legal, accounting, regulatory tax matters, nor does constitute any solicitation any offer the distributor other vendor the salpay tokens (the "distributor") purchase any salpay tokens, nor shall any part nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract, purchase, sale other similar decision prospective participant. each prospective participant urged consult with its own advisors with respect legal, regulatory, financial, accounting and tax consequences the purchase, holding and/or sale the salpay tokens. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment relation the sale and purchase the salpay tokens and form payment (including, without limitation, cryptocurrency) accepted the basis this whitepaper. prospective participants who wish purchase salpay tokens need contact the distributor (an affiliate salarium) and amongst other things will required to: (a) provide details and information (including certain "know-your-customer" information) required open electronic wallet (the "salpay wallet") with salarium (to the extent not already opened); (b) submit properly completed and executed token sale agreement which contains the terms and conditions applicable the salpay tokens (the "sale agreement"), delivered the address and otherwise the manner set forth therein prior the closing (as defined this whitepaper) such other date salarium may determine; and (c) remit the purchase amount for the salpay tokens (the "price"), cleared funds the amount and the manner set forth the sale agreement prior the closing such other date salarium may determine. salpay tokens will only offered persons meeting the eligibility requirements set forth the sale agreement which separate agreement between the prospective participant and the distributor. particular, noted that persons who are citizens, residents (for tax purposes otherwise) green card holders, applicable, the united states america, the republic singapore the people's republic china are not eligible purchase otherwise hold salpay tokens. any such person receiving copy this whitepaper should return and/or destroy any copies has made. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules relevant jurisdiction have been complied with. the responsibility any prospective participant satisfy itself full compliance with the applicable laws regulations any relevant country, province, state territory, including taking actions may required any jurisdiction where resident where receives this whitepaper the sale agreement, obtain any requisite consents and observe any formalities required such jurisdiction with respect the purchase, holding, exchange and/or sale salpay tokens. this whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not taken transmitted any country where distribution dissemination this whitepaper prohibited restricted. part this whitepaper reproduced, distributed disseminated without the prior consent salarium and any event, without including this section and the sections entitled "disclaimer liability", "no representations and warranties", "representations and warranties sale agreement", "cautionary note forward-looking statements", "market and industry information and consent other persons", "terms used", "no advice", "no further information update", "restrictions distribution and dissemination", "no offer securities registration" and "risks and uncertainties". there are risks and uncertainties associated with salarium, the distributor, their respective businesses and operations, the salpay tokens and the salarium initial coin offering (each referred this whitepaper). participants must rely their own examination the terms applicable the salpay tokens and the salarium initial coin offering, including the merits and risks involved. (c) pay disclaimer liability the maximum extent permitted applicable laws, regulations and rules, salarium and/or the distributor shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance actions taken based the information this whitepaper any part thereof. representations and warranties neither salarium nor the distributor makes purports make any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this whitepaper. this whitepaper qualified its entirety reference the sale agreement which contains the terms and conditions applicable the salpay tokens (and certain other documents which salarium and/or the distributor may require prospective participant execute prior the issuance the salpay tokens). this whitepaper contains summary the terms applicable the salpay tokens, however does not purport complete and the sale agreement, together with any other documents executed prospective participant prior the issuance the salpay tokens should reviewed for complete information. the event any inconsistency between this whitepaper and the sale agreement, the sale agreement shall prevail. with respect salarium and/or the distributor, only representations and warranties made them the sale agreement shall have any legal effect. representations and warranties sale agreement the sale agreement will require prospective participants (referred below "you") make certain representations and the prospective participants' ability confirm the following material representations should considered. the event that prospective participant unable make any the following representations warranties, the salpay tokens are not suitable for that participant, the prospective participant should return destroy any copies materials related the salpay tokens that holding and salpay tokens will issued it: (a) you agree and acknowledge that the salpay tokens are being issued the basis that they not constitute securities other regulated instruments any form any jurisdiction; (b) you agree and acknowledge that the whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities other regulated instruments any jurisdiction solicitation for investment securities other regulated instruments; (c) you agree and acknowledge that regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out the whitepaper and action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction with respect the issuance salpay tokens and the publication, distribution dissemination the whitepaper does not imply that the salpay tokens have been approved registered any jurisdiction will registered any time; (d) you agree and acknowledge that the distribution the whitepaper, the undertaking and/or the completion the salarium initial coin offering future trading the salpay tokens any cryptocurrency exchange, shall not construed, interpreted deemed you indication the merits salarium and/or the distributor, the salpay tokens, the salarium initial coin offering the salpay wallet; (e) the distribution dissemination this whitepaper, any part thereof any copy thereof, receipt possession the same you, not prohibited restricted the applicable laws, regulations rules your jurisdiction residence, (c) pay the place where you received this whitepaper otherwise may applicable, and where any restrictions relation receipt possession this whitepaper are applicable, you have observed and complied with all such restrictions your own expense and without liability salarium and/or the distributor; (f) you agree and acknowledge that the salpay tokens are not classified, construed, interpreted treated as: (i) any kind currency other than cryptocurrency; (ii) debentures, stocks shares issued any person entity (including salarium and/or the distributor); (iii) rights, options derivatives respect such debentures, stocks shares; (iv) units collective investment scheme; (v) units business trust; (vi) derivatives units business trust; (vii) any other regulated instrument any applicable jurisdiction including any security class securities; (g) you are fully aware and understand that you are not eligible purchase any salpay tokens you are citizen, resident (tax otherwise) green card holder, applicable, the united states america, the republic singapore the people's republic china; (h) you have sufficient degree understanding the operation, functionality, usage, storage, transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology make your own determinations with respect the salpay tokens including their merit and suitability for you, you have taken your own professional advice including with respect legal, regulatory, accounting and tax implications and have not relied salarium and/or the distributor (except the extent any specific representations warranties set out the sale agreement) any way connection with the salarium initial coin offering, the salpay tokens and/or the salpay wallet; (i) you are fully aware and understand the risks set out the whitepaper connection with any purchase salpay tokens, including those risks associated with salarium and the distributor and their respective business and operations, the salpay tokens, the salarium initial coin offering and the salpay wallet; and (j) you agree and acknowledge that neither salarium nor the distributor liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any possession documentation connection with the salpay tokens, including the whitepaper, the purchase holding salpay tokens, the salarium initial coin offering the salpay wallet. cautionary note forward-looking statements all statements contained this whitepaper, statements made press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made salarium and/or the distributor their respective directors, executive officers employees acting behalf salarium the distributor (as the case may be), that are not statements historical fact, constitute "forward- looking statements". some these statements can identified forward-looking terms such "aim", "target", "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "if", "intend", "may", "plan", "possible", "probable", "project", "should", "would", "will" other similar terms. however, these terms are not the exclusive means identifying forwardlooking statements. all statements regarding salarium's and/or the distributor's financial position, business strategies, plans and prospects and the future prospects the industry which salarium and/or the distributor are forwardc (c) pay looking statements. these forward-looking statements, including but not limited statements salarium's and/or the distributor's revenue and profitability, prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters discussed this whitepaper regarding salarium and/or the distributor are matters that are not historic facts, but only predictions. these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements salarium and/or the distributor materially different from any future results, performance achievements expected, expressed implied such forward-looking statements. these factors include, amongst others: (a) changes political, social, economic and stock cryptocurrency market conditions, and the regulatory environment the countries which salarium and/or the distributor conducts its respective businesses and operations; (b) the risk that salarium and/or the distributor may unable execute implement their respective business strategies and future plans; (c) changes interest rates and exchange rates fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies; (d) changes the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth salarium and/or the distributor; (e) changes the availability and fees payable salarium and/or the distributor connection with their respective businesses and operations; (f) changes the availability and salaries employees who are required salarium and/or the distributor operate their respective businesses and operations; (g) changes preferences customers salarium and/or the distributor; (h) changes competitive conditions under which salarium and/or the distributor operate, and the ability salarium and/or the distributor compete under such conditions; (i) changes the future capital needs salarium and/or the distributor and the availability financing and capital fund such needs; (j) war acts international domestic terrorism; (k) occurrences catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts god that affect the businesses and/or operations salarium and/or the distributor; (l) other factors beyond the control salarium and/or the distributor; and (m) any risk and uncertainties associated with salarium and/or the distributor and their businesses and operations, the sal tokens, the salarium initial coin offering and the salpay wallet (each referred the whitepaper). all forward-looking statements made attributable salarium and/or the distributor persons acting behalf salarium and/or the distributor are expressly qualified their entirety such factors. given that risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements salarium and/or the distributor materially different from that expected, expressed implied the forward-looking statements this whitepaper, undue reliance must not placed these statements. these forward-looking statements are applicable only the date this whitepaper. neither salarium, the distributor nor any other person represents, warrants and/or undertakes that the actual future results, performance achievements salarium and/or the distributor will discussed those forward-looking statements. the actual results, performance achievements salarium and/or the distributor may differ materially from those anticipated these forward- looking statements. (c) pay nothing contained this whitepaper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance policies salarium and/or the distributor. further, salarium and/or the distributor disclaim any responsibility update any those forward- looking statements publicly announce any revisions those forward-looking statements reflect future developments, events circumstances, even new information becomes available other events occur the future. those anticipated these forward- looking statements. nothing contained this whitepaper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance policies salarium and/or the distributor. further, salarium and/or the distributor disclaim any responsibility update any those forward- looking statements publicly announce any revisions those forward-looking statements reflect future developments, events circumstances, even new information becomes available other events occur the future. market and industry information and consent other persons this whitepaper includes market and industry information and forecasts that have been obtained from internal surveys, reports and studies, where appropriate, well market research, publicly available information and industry publications. such surveys, reports, studies, market research, publicly available information and publications generally state that the information that they contain has been obtained from sources believed reliable, but there can assurance the accuracy completeness such included information. save for salarium, the distributor and their respective directors, executive officers and employees, person has provided his her consent the inclusion his her name and/or other information attributed perceived attributed such person connection therewith this whitepaper and representation, warranty undertaking purported provided the accuracy completeness such information such person and such persons shall not obliged provide any updates the same. while salarium and/or the distributor have taken reasonable actions ensure that the information extracted accurately and its proper context, salarium and/or the distributor have not conducted any independent review the information extracted from third party sources, verified the accuracy completeness such information ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon therein. consequently, neither salarium, the distributor, nor their respective directors, executive officers and employees acting their behalf makes any representation warranty the accuracy completeness such information and shall not obliged provide any updates the same. advice while salarium and/or the distributor have taken reasonable actions ensure that the information extracted accurately and its proper context, salarium and/or the distributor have not conducted any independent review the information extracted from third party sources, verified the accuracy completeness such information ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon therein. consequently, neither salarium, the distributor, nor their respective directors, executive officers and employees acting their behalf makes any representation warranty the accuracy completeness such information and shall not obliged provide any updates the same. (c) pay further information update person has been authorized give any information representation not contained this whitepaper connection with salarium, the distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the salpay tokens, the salarium initial coin offering and the salpay wallet and, given, such information representation must not relied upon having been authorized behalf salarium and/or the distributor. the salarium initial coin offering shall not, under any circumstances, constitute continuing representation create any suggestion implication that there has been change, development reasonably likely involve material change the affairs, conditions and prospects salarium and/or the distributor any statement fact information contained this whitepaper since the date hereof. restrictions distribution and dissemination the distribution dissemination this whitepaper any part hereof may prohibited restricted the laws, regulatory requirements and rules any jurisdiction. the case where any restriction applies, you are inform yourself about, and observe, any restrictions which are applicable your possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be) your own expense and without liability salarium and/or the distributor. persons whom copy this whitepaper has been distributed disseminated, provided access who otherwise have the whitepaper their possession shall not circulate any other persons, reproduce otherwise distribute this whitepaper any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit cause the same occur. offer securities registration this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper. any agreement relation any sale and purchase salpay tokens governed the sale agreement and other document. the event any inconsistencies between the sale agreement and this whitepaper, the former shall prevail. you are not eligible purchase any sal tokens the salarium initial coin offering you are citizen, resident (tax otherwise) green card holder the united states america citizen resident the republic singapore citizen the people's republic china. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that the salpay tokens have been approved registered any jurisdiction will registered any time. risks and uncertainties prospective purchasers salpay tokens (as referred this whitepaper) should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with salarium, the distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the salpay tokens, the salarium initial coin offering and the salpay wallet (each referred the whitepaper), all information set out this whitepaper and the t&cs prior any purchase salpay tokens. any such risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business, financial condition, results operations and prospects salarium and/or the distributor could materially and adversely affected. such cases, you may lose all part the value the salpay tokens. (c) pay executive summary the salarium group companies has been providing payroll and financial solutions since may salarium mainly operates the philippines with first its kind model: providing companies with free time saas, attendance, and payroll software acquisition and funding source for salpay, its financial product. salpay (operated the philippines under salarium payments corp.) complete ecosystem with e-wallet, debit mastercard, and financial services suite used employees and their families. helping them pay bills, transfer funds around the philippines, and providing noncollateral micro-loans through fully managed loans platform. salarium has been providing payroll software since and salpay, its innovative fintech solution, since june today, the company currently helps over businesses and more than employees get paid monthly. november salarium only provides its payroll and financial services within the philippines, with plans expand regionally clients use salarium's free payroll solution calculate the hours their employees compliance with philippines' labor laws and tax regulations. once the calculation complete, they can disburse their employees' salaries directly from salpay's web terminal, which instantly sends the credits the salpay wallets employees using the salpay solution. use salpay pay employees, businesses load their corporate wallets depositing cash the salpay account system using any major bank the philippines. after salpay's treasury team verifies the transaction, businesses will able view their available balance their corporate salpay wallet and use the funds carry out salary disbursements. once the funds are the employees' wallets, they can use with their debit mastercard, pay bills, transfer family and friends, and buy pre-paid load. salarium and salpay cater all industries and work with any sized company but nearly salarium's clients are from the business process outsourcing (bpo) industry one way another (their income derived from outside philippines). for these business clients, (or the vast majority) their philippines-based employees' salaries and local operational funds have remitted into the country fortnightly basis. making these transactions, salarium's clients have historically been required open and maintain local corporate bank accounts where they deposit funds before loading them into their employees' salpay wallets. each transaction has historically attracted bank fees, poor forex rates, and long processing times. result, salarium's clients are requesting given more options fund their salpay accounts from outside the philippines. salpay tokens and the salpay exchange network provide solution these issues, they will form uniform base currency which can transmitted through exchange network allow employers and companies quickly pay their employees the philippines and easily transfer funds [in the form token credits] from their home countries without opening local corporate bank accounts. companies will purchase salpay tokens either from salarium (during the salarium initial coin offering) subsequently using payment exchanges operated salpay (or partners) that are accessible them (including those operated abroad) and will transfer those tokens salpay which will place them the client's salpay wallet and convertible pesos, ready for making salary disbursements employees. once the client's salpay wallet has been credited, salarium will able carry out salary disbursements for the client the same way does present. the salpay tokens, along with salarium's payroll platform, will enable employers and clients outside the philippines inexpensively, securely and quickly pay the salaries local employees and freelancers. the existing salpay ecosystem will continue provide the financial services suite the employees give them free and complete access their funds, and able withdraw their salaries from any atm the philippines local currency. salarium already experienced successfully building and operating this type financial service. now, based customer demand, salpay leveraging blockchain technology and cryptocurrency solve its clients' problems. the expansion the salarium platform obviously builds the existing business and minimal tech development needed complete the additional functionality. (c) pay building upon the salpay current payment ecosystem, and having salarium's clients commit use the service, the company secures demand for salpay tokens and use the utility from day one. salpay will need buy back certain quantity tokens post-ico provide this transfer service its clients. the demand the business should continue increase salarium and salpay get more clients the philippines and opens the wallets and cards any filipino, and expands its service into other countries. next target martkets will australia and singapore and eventually the entire asean region. since the quantity the tokens will fixed amount (,, sal tokens), this allows for basic supply demand principles provide the elements for healthy financial ecosystem. (c) pay background what are salarium and salpay? salarium and salpay are new approach building economic system that tackles the funding and acquisition users the most natural way possible: through their salary. financial inclusion model that works. financial flow salarium and salpay client/employer bank freelancer/ employee client/employer salpay wallet salarium mastercard debit bank transfer today, employers use salpay's web interface and deposit funds (philippines pesos only) through any major bank the philippines load their corporate salpay wallet. they use salarium's cloud payroll software for free order manage employee data, schedule work, record time entries, run payroll, and make salary disbursements using their salpay wallet. once the employees' salaries are credited their (employee) salpay wallets, they are able spend the atm withdrawal funds using physical debit mastercard, which linked the balance their salpay wallet. salpay's system already linked bank atm network the philippines (bancnet), which gives users over atm points the country where they can withdraw their money. employees can also transfer funds from their salpay wallet any major bank the philippines, pay bills many the country's utility providers, buy prepaid mobile phone credits, and send money the largest network pawnshops the philippines (cebuana lhuiller). (c) pay revenue model salarium currently, salarium has several revenue streams. earns its revenue charging fixed amount companies per disbursement instruction processed. the majority clients process payments month. the majority its revenue comes from the financial services provides salpay wallet holders, which include: fees derived from atm and pos transactions using the salpay finance debit mastercard; fees charged transfer funds from salpay wallets other banks the philippines; fees derived from sale digital goods like prepaid mobile phone credits and bill payments; together with fees from micro- finance, micro-insurance, and micro-mutual financial services (as briefly described above). salpay lending platform salpay helps power financial inclusion through its mobile wallet. salpay has partnered with accredited lenders that offer non-collateral loans employees that are paid through salpay. credit scoring done automatically, certain loan products are pre-approved while others are approved minutes. funds are transferred instantly the borrowers and repayment collected automatically from employees during payroll. salpay has given out thousands loans its platform and its easy loan product has one the lowest default rates for micro-loans asia, less than because salpay's default rates are lower and the cost provide the loans lessened the platform, the employees receive some the best interest rates and fastest approval their loans. salpay receives commission from the lending company and collection fee for facilitating this service. (c) pay salarium customers today, salarium helps over companies and more than employees the philippines get paid their salaries using its software and financial service. these companies are mostly smes working variety industries including bpo, manufacturing, retail, and it. (c) pay salarium team salarium fully operational company with over employees. headcount per department finance engineering hr&a business dev operations marketing product support sales (c) pay onboarding salarium management judah hirsch russell shepherd eduardo gutierrez noel nuguid founder ceo cto communications director head dev ops jayson antig paul bautista jorrel ang fadzly yusof blockchain engineer principal engineer principal engineer project director salarium investors john orrock vincenzo ciummo jean henri lhuiller founder and ceo barhead ex-founder cloud sherpas (acquired accenture managing partner futurenow ventures founder ceo growth partners ceo cebuana lhuiller financing (largest pawnshop network the philippines) (c) pay company background jan salarium releases first commercial payroll jan salarium insurance brokerage incorporated philippines jun salarium raises million round led futurenow ventures oct salarium partners with gcash (mynt) power salpay nov salarium receives approval from the central bank philippines begin running salpay dec salpay starts offering micro-financing loans may salarium ltd begins its operations feb salarium wins the seedstars world startup may salarium raises seed round dec salarium payment corporation (salpay) incorporated the philippines dec first version salpay app released march salarium establishes its regional headquarters the philippines nov salarium launches its ico companies employees (c) pay monthly payroll volume number micro-loans the problems salpay tokens are addressing businesses need pay employees this simple fact has enabled salarium and salpay gain thousands customers and provide next generation digital banking solutions them. philippines the number bpo spot the world due its young and vibrant population, high percentage secondary education graduates, and its strong affinity for the english language and western culture. these factors have made the perfect location for many bpo companies operate in. the bpo sector has steadily grown the philippines for the last years and projected continuously rise. definition, these companies not earn revenue the philippines (or, they do, they earn minor percentage), but their home countries parent companies, which pay for the services that their filipino staff provide. they include some the world's largest and most-loved brands. the formal bpo sector employs million filipinos, making the country the contact center capital the world. large call centers like peoplesupport, convergys, sykes, and accenture account for about this direct employee pool. the remaining workers are working for small and medium-sized contact centers, representing billion funds sent from outside the philippines inward for these salary payments every year. how big bpo the philippines? bpo expected employ manila million filipinos that's close the manila population the number filipinos who work call centers that quantity can fill approximately football fields bpo revenues reached billion that's equal gross domestic product philippines *source: asean briefing (c) pay least every weeks, these companies must remit the account the philippines where they will receive their philippines the funds necessary pay their employees. funds. they must open these accounts and maintain since bpo margin-business (revenue margin minimum daily balance, and other bank charges. top cost), cash flow prevents companies from the sector from sending more funds than those needed for these clients are demanding faster and cheaper way this payroll. transmit these funds directly into their salpay wallet pay their employees. every weeks they are forced pay bank transfer fees, deal with poor forex conversion rates and incur long these small and medium business owners are transfer times. technologically capable, but are typically unfamiliar with cryptocurrency buying and selling, and are hence need they are also required have local corporate bank smooth end-to-end user experience. sending through bank actual value remittances sending bank fees receiving bank fees forex conversion rate amount received php banking days php difference php (about and days transfer beyond bpo and beyond the philippines though bpo the largest employee sector terms revenue, there are also thousands mncs (multi-national corporations) every country the region; salarium already works with several the philippines. remitting funds from from profit centers cost centers balancing act, and costs these companies time and money. these mncs often require multi-country solutions and are looking for innovation both the enterprise and finance space. they are looking south east asia their growth areas for the next years. (c) pay remittance for freelancers and service though the primary use case salpay tokens after forex conversion. recently, some bitcoin startups transferring system for businesses fund their payroll, have begun providing remittance services, capturing there also large demand for international remittances small fraction the total market. the philippines, nearly the population works outside the philippines and sends home part their overseas workers require fast and cheap way move monthly salaries. this amount reached billion* funds into the philippines. once the funds are their last year, making the philippines the number remittance country origin, they want modern banking experience market the world. that allows them have access their funds anytime, well purchase digital and physical goods for their most filipinos use money-transfer services like western families back home. union and moneygram, paying fees between and bitcoin and cryptocurrency remittance the philippines philippines may one the friendliest countries towards cryptocurrency the region, allowing for exchanges fully licensed and regulated similar foreign currency exchange business*. philippines also one the largest international remittance countries the world billion usd and cryptocurrency has gained popularity growing much million usd per month remittance this almost exclusively bitcoin and dominated one exchange the philippines, coins.ph. while they are excellent fintech solution and are helping spread wide adoption digital payments, they operate with very healthy spread and the actual price exchanging make impossible used solution. the average actual price (fees included) bitcoin australia today aud* the sale price bitcoin the philippines php (coins.ph). actual price aud php difference php this paves the way for brand new cryptocurrency used for remittance large network allowing for reduced fees for transferring. *source: central bank the philippines *source bsp *averaged from bitcoin.com.au, cointree, coinloft, coinjar (c) pay solution: salpay token and exchange network address these problems, salarium will create salpay tokens (an erc token working ethereum) which will offer via token sale. salarium will establish network exchanges operating the philippines and the region (aus, sg, jpy, eu, us) allow for the buying and selling its token. the primary utility salpay tokens serve salarium's existing customer segment; small and medium-sized bpos who need transfer funds pay their employees through salpay. initially the philippines where salpay already operating with salarium, with expansion into the region salarium's solution extension its current business. using the blockchain, cryptocurrency, and network operated exchanges, salpay token will offer secure, fast, inexpensive way move money from the markets where salarium's clients earn into the philippines. getting corporates blockchain the utility the token and the exchange network help move funds around the salpay financial ecosystem. while the salpay tokens will available global exchanges, the key cryptocurrencies success removing the barrier entry everyone. many salarium's corporate clients are unfamiliar with cryptocurrency and how buy and store it. for corporate clients the solution perfect, will wrap the entire experience for them that mimics their current user experience with salarium and salpay. they will buy pesos locked-in price matching the mid-market rate, salpay will take small fee and execute buyand-sell order between the originating exchange and the philippines. putting pesos into the wallet salpay's corporate clients. this transfer will take place near instantly for the client and cost less. the salpay financial journey outside the philippines client/employer salpay exchange (c) pay inside the philippines salpay exchange freelancer/employer the financial flow the salpay tokens salpay's financial flow for clients nearly identical the experience they are already enjoying, streamlining the process removing the inefficiency the extra bank transfer and using the blockchain and the salpay token reduce the cost and time significantly for the funds reach salpay. from the client's perspective the flow almost identical before using salpay token and after, except they know longer require deal with local currencies. financial flow salarium and salpay (with salpay tokens) client/employer cryptocurrency exchange freelancer/ employee client/employer salpay wallet cryptocurrency exchange salarium mastercard debit bank transfer atm withdrawal purchase salpay tokens the company/employer outside the philippines and getting funds into the ecosystem for companies, essential that purchasing tokens and getting funds into salpay are seamless possible. this, salpay's wallet application will also have access the exchange network that salpay building. payment can made in-country partner salpay (depending the market) through the salpay exchange. salpay targeting countries with already clear laws for establishing cryptocurrency exchange. australia, singapore, cyprus, japan and united states will the initial salpay exchanges. all have friendly atmospheres legislation allowing the operation exchange. companies will deposit funds salpay account use credit card processor, btc, eth fund their account. they will choose either buy tokens lock rate for philippine pesos salpay executes buy-and-sell simultaneously through the exchange the philippines. once the funds have cleared, companies will see these their salpay dashboard. the client's salpay wallet will able hold salpay tokens and philippine pesos. (c) pay salarium and salpay system clients/employers will use salarium and salpay for setting work schedules, tracking work hours, recording screenshots, and variety other time and payroll requirements company operating the philippines. clients will use salpay send payments either freelancers directly hired employees. depending the exact use case, different product features that would utilized the client the essential nature the application would the same. scheduling/shifting view and update your company's working hours, breaks, and other planned activities calendar table format. you can add edit schedules one one batches. you can also download schedules and use them for reports. (c) pay view and update your company's working hours, breaks, and other planned activities calendar table format. you can add edit schedules one one batches. you can also download schedules and use them for reports. employee self service (clock-in/clock-out) want check your balance? (c) pay computation payroll payslip creation (c) pay sample payslip payslip pay run pay period feb jan feb salary kurt sutton gross basic pay juani+devkurtsuttongross@example.com hrs@./hr employee tax status hourly rate company name date hired dept rank tin sss monthly sss (-.) hdmf (-.) philhealth (-.) taxable income --- hdmf philhealth prepared contributions department payroll cycle gross income jst dev company rank cost center withholding tax net pay jst test dev basic pay per month salary employer contribution sss sss hdmf philhealth year date figures gross income taxable income withholding tax net pay sss employer sss employer philhealth employer pag-ibig employer (c) pay salpay exchange network salpay will establish and operate fully licensed cryptocurrency exchange company the philippines (the "salpay exchange"). this will licensed the central bank and capable buying and selling all cryptocurrency, but will only focus salpay tokens maximize liquidity for its client base. salpay will able provide instant liquidity for converting salpay tokens philippines pesos through the salpay app. these funds will immediately accessible through the salpay wallet. salpay will establish exchanges the region, starting with australia and singapore (japan, us, markets follow). model salpay exchange bank transfer receipt create purchase employer confirm salarium mobile application payment salarium exchange server confirmation payment gateway bank transfer approve salpay token wallet fiat currency account bank account verify salarium operation the employer funds the wallet through bank transfer account associated with the exchange the salarium operations team verifies this transactions the employer funds their wallet through payment gateway (using credit card, for example) the payment gateway verifies successful transaction directly with exchange servers once either (a) (a) confirmed, the amount money available may used purchase salpay tokens the current exchange rate. these tokens will transferred from the salarium exchange wallet the employer's salpay wallet. (c) pay salpay wallet and card salpay's wallet will erc wallet and able hold both salpay tokens well other erc tokens and will the only way connect the salpay exchange network and buy and sell salpay tokens from salpay. the wallet also has all the features the salpay financial product (in pthehilippines and other countries the future) including financial tracking, paying bills, sending money local banks, buying pre-paid load and other digital goods, well work with the salpay loans platform. the salpay wallet will available for employers, employees, anyone the world, however the salpay financial services besides buying and selling salpay tokens will only available markets where salpay offers. salpay already issues debit mastercard program linked the salpay wallet the philippines. plans offer visa card program well the start every salpay wallet holder also receives salpay card use wherever mastercard/visa are accepted. these cards are also linked the philippines atm network (bancnet) and allows the cards withdraw from over atms the philippines. because salpay will operate the card and the salpay exchange network salpay wallet holders will able use their cards for any purchase with any suported cryptocurrency shapeshift (or similar exchange) salpay cards are currently only available citizens and residents the philippines. salpay talks with issuing banks and card operators the countries wants bring the salpay exchange network and plans have this available singapore and australia (c) pay salpay employer web application: sal wallet salpay employer web application: php wallet (c) pay technical overview salarium and salpay create ecosystem linking payroll the salpay wallet. anyone using salpay wallet receive payment will able access the existing set solutions, including: debit card access their account, online payments, online account and transaction history, online money transfers, loan applications, and more. salarium continually working add new partners and services the ecosystem, especially those that bring financial tools the unbanked and the under-banked markets the philippines and the region. technical diagram salarium and salpay employer hris time attendance payroll employee self service salarium disbursement api layer clock clock out biometric devices employees account transfer loans bills payment mobile purchases stored value system salpay account withdrawal mastercard atm network (c) pay the token salpay tokens are the native currency salarium's payment ecosystem. erc-compliant token that will used facilitate transactions between employers and employees (including freelancers). salpay tokens will available for purchase during the ico, from public exchanges and from the salpay exchange network using the salpay wallet app. using the salpay token and the exchange network salpay removes the ineffeciencies facing businesses today when trasnferring funds for payroll funding. corporate clients will use their salpay wallet purchase either tokens take advantage the network instantly transfer funds. funding payroll with salpay tokens employer usd wallet usd exchange php exchange employer php wallet loop php exchange liquidity send receive sal send sal sell sal send php (us $,) send php (us $,) php (us $,,) receive sal (us $,,) sell $,, $,, initially, salarium will offer existing users the option use salpay tokens fund and disburse payroll their employees. (c) pay disbursing funds once the company has either philippines pesos (for the philippines, local currency each territory) salpay tokens their in-country wallet, clients can use the existing salarium and salpay applications process and disburse payroll. disbursing payroll with salpay tokens employer php wallet employer employee php wallet trigger disbursement check balance verification transfer funds send php this process done from with the salarium and salpay application that clients are using record time and payroll computation. (c) pay sale salpay tokens salarium initial coin offering structuring the token sale enable the business and individuals salarium's network purchase salpay tokens and participate the expansion the salpay business, proposed that salarium will structure initial coin offering for issuance salpay tokens that can used for exchange purposes salpay's business for disbursement salaries and the other uses described this whitepaper. the salpay token sale will structured follows: token sale structure fixed cap sale premined technology ethereum symbol sal total token supply token sale dates nov dec token sale price sal token sale structure minimum contribution sale structure token eth (btc/usd equivalent method contribution eth, btc,usd hard cap million salpay tokens minimum cap million salpay tokens actual value sale period the token sale ("salarium's initial coin offering") will open for participants purchase salpay tokens and transfer funds between november and december (the "sale period"). the pre-sale period will run from november november salpay tokens (designated "sals") will all pre-mined the launch date the ico. sals will created using erc contract (based the decentralised ethereum market standard erc token). formed within the blockchain and subject certain conditions well automatic execution upon the occurrence predefined criteria and events once issued closing, salpay tokens are expected valid indefinitely and are the property their respective holders. (c) pay conditions and closing the salarium initial coin offering will subject conditions, amongst others, that: [a] provide accurate contact details (kyc) [b] execute the sale agreement [c] remit the purchase amount full details are contained within the sale agreement. eligible prospective participants who wish purchase tokens during the sale period will required execute sale agreement indicating the number tokens they wish purchase and transfer funds the applicable amount [in fiat currency cryptocurrency accordance with the detailed provisions set out the sale agreement] the notified account prior the sale period end date (the "closing"). salarium has used the highest standards apply security and provide further confidence contributors that the distribution salpay tokens will accordance with the applicable smart contract conditions. any funds received pre-payment for services accessed through the salpay tokens will remain holding until the distribution salpay tokens the eligible participants. tokens will distributed direct proportion the amount paid the eligible participants the account during the sale period accordance with the sale agreement. closing, salpay tokens will created and distributed and single salpay token will valued $.. for equivalent prices btc, the following exchanges will used; kraken, bitstamp, bitfinex and poloniex. salpay will only accept eth and btc during the salarium initial coin offering. salpay will never issue additional salpay tokens postico, although noted that other products could issued the salarium business continues expand. the conditions the salarium initial coin offering are not met, any funds held closing will returned participants and salpay tokens will not issued. the conditions are met closing but the maximum number tokens have not been purchased. salpay will destroy (by locking public burn wallet) the remaining tokens. following satisfaction all conditions applicable the salarium initial coin offering, closing, the salpay (c) pay token distribution reward and bounty pre-sale exchanges employee investors ico will sold the participants during the sale period. will awarded investors and employees salarium. they are locked from their portion for period months following the initial coin offering. will used during the pre-sale, not consumed then these will added the sale period percentage will used provide exchanges (as the listing requirement most major exchanges). will used for reward and bounty programs, which are community member who help raise awareness for the initial coin offering. any salpay tokens not used from this allotment will destroyed (by locking public burn wallet). during the token drop, the tokens will alloted the participants, employees, investors, exchanges and community, and none will retained salpay. salpay tokens can purchased directly from salpay ico's site (https://ico.salpay.com) and following the steps for the sale (c) pay within days from the closing the initial coin offering, all participants will receive their salpay tokens the wallets designated during the sale process. salpay will aim have this drop before january within days from the ico, salpay tokens will available several exchanges around the world begin trading. salpay already talks with several global exchanges. due the rising popularity icos and tokensales, many are unable commit until post ico. from the date the token drop, salpay targeting days for allowing the exchange the philippines operate. salpay hopes have minimal speculative trading between the date the coin drop and the date the actual start the exchanges' operation the philippines. the majority the funds salpay raising will used provide liquidity the salpay exchange network. salpay will distribute the tokens during the, ico and after, salpay will have buy back tokens from the public start the commercial operation the salpay exchange network. salpay targeting million for the first initial buy-back and will purchase these salpay from major exchanges and the public. after the first buy-back, salpay will continuously buy tokens used its network from the public market. this will ensure constant demand for the token inside and outside the network. pre-sale bonus pre-sale will take place between november and november for community members pre-purchase salpay tokens. during the pre-sale, salpay will accept fiat currency, and eth/btc. participate please contact presale@ salpay.com. incentive for their early contribution, salpay token bonus will given participants the pre-sale. (example eth sal; pre-sale eth sal). minimum pre-sale purchase: eth. (c) pay use funds reeserve liquidity licensing development liquidity liquidity for the salpay exchange network primary use funds from the initial coin offering will provide liquidity the salpay exchange network, salpay tokens will the native currency salpay and any salpay app holder select markets (countries territories with salpay exchange) will able sell salpay tokens exchange for their local fiat currency. salpay will require initial starting liquidity power the exchange network and provide the services its customers. assuming the ico target reached, salpay will allot million usd provide liquidity for its users. these funds will viewable the blockchain (or kept financial institution). licensing and operation the exchange network the other major spend will acquiring licenses for the salpay exchange networks the philippines and the region starting with singapore and australia. the salpay ico reaches its target, salpay will also apply for its emi (electronic money institution) license the philippines. salarium currently discussion with the central bank the philippines and anticipate smooth registration process once capital requirements are met. the philippines central bank started granting cryptocurrency exchange licenses though salpay can already operate its business card issuance and stored value wallets through partnerships, the ultimate goal turn salpay into fully licensed commercial bank, ensuring that salpay can provide its services the philippines and expand globally. other markets (australia, singapore, eu, japan and united states), salpay has legal team place handle the licensing, registration, and ongoing compliance the exchanges within those markets. salpay also talks with card issuers these markets work with the salpay wallet application. (c) pay continued research and development salarium still primarily research and development company, the two largest departments are engineering and product almost all the technology for this project already exists and operational and commercially available, this why salarium does not require large budget for development release the first version this solution. salarium wants continuously strive provide high quality solutions the philippines and the region for the un-banked and under-banked. post-token sale value for token holders the exchange value the salpay token closing will fixed specified above. after the coin drop and opening trading the salpay exchange (and elsewhere), value will determined the open market through such exchanges. salarium and salpay are already successful the philippines but are still the infancy their customer acquisitions and expects continue grow. this growth, both the philippines (salarium currently only serves out the million businesses) and, expands into other markets the region, the demand will continue rise for its native currency salpay tokens, for transfer and cryptocurrency exchange. expected that salpay's use case, business model, and existing customer demand will ensure that there will demand/supply paradigm resulting higher exchange value the salpay tokens over time. this because whilst the salpay business expanding service more businesses and more employees/freelancers, the tokens circulation will required handle more and more funds being moved through them. therefore, value expected rise demand increases but supply remains limited. participants the ico will have the advantage using the salpay exchange network the value closing while new tokens used will the current market value. the current climate cryptocurrency, with large amount speculative trading taking place difficult predict how this will affect salpay tokens the public market. salpay expects that its use case will increase the market value its token. salpay's year projections target year year increase market capitalization, demand for its services grows the philippines and future target jurisdictions projected market cap increase year target: billion market cap year target: billion market cap year target: billion market cap year target: million market cap year target: million market cap year year year (c) pay year year roadmap jan salpay token drop mar salpay with blockchain wallet mar salpay tokens available major exchanges mar salpay token exchange opens the philippines mar salpay opens first exchange outside the philippines june salpay opens first exchange the aus jul salpay opens exchanges and salpay card and salarium aus dec salpay opens exchanges jpy (c) pay conclusion salarium has established winning fintech solution with its payroll platform and banking services through salpay, serving hundreds companies and thousands end customers. customer demand has driven the need for business model that allows salpay have even greater reach; providing easy access for international customers into the platform. salpay has demonstrated its ability work with card issuers, banks, and financial services, supporting thousands users while turning complex payment infrastructure into easy-to-use service for businesses. salpay's business model simple understand, and already applicable its existing customers. salpay does not need build new market customer base make the salpay token useful. the technology and use-cases are already place, once the exchanges are set up, this will also provide liquidity customers and the full suite services and uses described this whitepaper will become available. for further information how participate the salarium initial coin offering and copy the sale agreement please visit: https://www.ico.salpay.com visit https://www.salarium.com email: info@salarium.com info@salpay.com (c) pay