loa (tm) blockchain-backed loanstm abstract abstract salt membership based lending and borrowing network that allows users leverage their blockchain assets secure cash loans. our secured automated lending technology protocol and asset agnostic architecture designed adapt the constantly growing class blockchain assets. the system designed such that, you have asset you want hold to, you can borrow the asset you want spend, regardless credit history geographic constraints. the salt platform automated, efficient, and cryptographically secure. offers compelling solution the problem many consumers face when they need want cash make purchase, but not wish liquidate their assets. instead selling, salt enables the members the salt lending platform (members) leverage the value certain digital assets, thereby giving them access cash, offsetting tax events, avoiding exchange fees and maintaining their long position the asset they hold. salt lending platform specifically designed for blockchain assets; operating second layer protocol which sits atop any public permissioned blockchain, allowing the underlying asset used collateral for access credit. salt also offers lenders powerful, globally available solution access rapidly expanding and immediately addressable borrower base, while providing new tools for managing lender risk. unlike traditional forms collateral, such real estate and automobiles, blockchain assets are divisible, fungible, and many cases instantly transferrable. these potential advantages can fully realized with salt's volatility risk mitigating technology. our vision people are happiest when they have access the things they need want. this called purchasing power and it's what credit provides. over the years, the lending landscape has gone through several periods change, and blockchain technology driving the next evolution. income-based lending borrowing from the future spend money today. this exists contrast asset-based lending, which form monetizing assets already owned. salt lending, see future where people worry less about their credit score and spend more time recording and monetizing the assets they already have. seek enable new way monetizing ever-expanding universe blockchain assets. salt, believe that the not too distant future, ownership all assets will recorded and transferred various blockchains. the increasing recognition personal assets, low cost and secure and immutable way, will offer consumers greater financial freedom. the salt lending platform system that seeks give value previously latent capital, unlocking the wealth within physical and social assets, providing new source money creation. background created the wake the global financial crisis, bitcoin, and its underlying blockchain technology, sparked wave innovation that has changed the way people think about transferring and storing value. the distributed ledger technology that underpins bitcoin, and other digital assets, decentralizes the tasks tracking and validating financial transactions. this technological breakthrough streamlines settlement systems that had previously relied fallible third-party intermediaries. the intrinsic benefit this new technology has led explosive growth blockchain-based assets, which exist within highly secure digital infrastructure. reliance intermediaries that introduce counterparty and settlement risk, the context blockchain assets, has been replaced trustless, open-value networks which operate without the constraints geographical borders market hours. holders digital assets have limited liquidity options today's cash based digital economy. bitcoin was the first peer-to-peer electronic cash system enabling trustless transfer value and are witnessing the emergence new asset class based value networks. some these blockchain assets are natively digital, others are digitized forms traditional assets which, like bitcoin, face critical liquidity challenges. resolving liquidity challenges important because spending drives growth economies and based the summation money and credit available. bitcoin and its associated blockchain technology created efficient, trustless cash network free from expropriation through unknown inflation, but bitcoin's inventor satoshi nakamoto neglected address credit. credit links savers and borrowers and important cash markets economy's financial development, because represents spending the economy order magnitude greater than cash based transactions. distributed ledger technology allows for transaction and settlement without counterparty risk. however, the purchasing power held within this new blockchain technology need not limited assets held. the access credit provided the salt lending platform intended let the world blockchains grow beyond the economic limitations simply buying and liquidating assets. credit not only important economic factor, vital component personal financial freedom and, along with asset accumulation, gives individuals greater purchasing power. crypto-credit products, like those accessible through the salt lending platform, offer revolution personal finance granting control over the medium exchange owners blockchain asset based wealth who wish preserve their assets, rather than spend them. traditional financial institutions often face significant challenges adapting changing landscapes. this especially true the assetbacked credit market, where there still product offering adequate solution for monetizing the value blockchain assets without forcing liquidation. technological, custodial and regulatory barriers have prevented existing financial service companies from overcoming the risk needed operate system without centralized oversight. this has left blockchain asset holders with limited borrowing options today's digital economy. salt's secured automated lending technology creates solution that removes many the barriers that have kept traditional financial institutions, and their capital, from serving the rapidly growing base individuals and businesses holding assets blockchains. the salt lending platform provides the tools mitigate the risk asset price volatility and borrower default, giving investors the ability safely lend against blockchain assets. blockchain asset natively digital asset like bitcoin digitized traditional asset like digital gold, stock, title; where the record ownership recorded within public permissioned distributed ledger network. all blockchain assets have the potential used collateral for blockchain-backed loans!, subject lender determined collateral suitability. the salt lending platform intended facilitate the creation lending agreements, secure and monitor the value the blockchain assets acting collateral, and automatically enforce the terms each smart contract credit agreement. this low-cost, efficient technology gives investors and institutions way lend against new asset class, while addressing the needs massively underserved borrower base. also designed provide new way for individuals access the value their blockchain assets that does not involve liquidation their asset. deficiencies inherent traditional forms collateral can increase costs borrowers, decrease liquidity, and necessitate the need for income-based credit evaluation. salt's technology was built address these shortcomings, while emphasizing the aspects blockchain assets that make them functional form collateral divisibility, fungibility, and transferability. with salt, blockchain assets are transformed into collateral that can incrementally liquidated calibration process intended ensure overcollateralization fast, trustless, and secure process. blockchain-backed loans(tm) offer new mechanism through which lenders can indirectly gain exposure digital assets regulated environment with sophisticated tools for managing the risks associated with lending. about salt lenders. the salt smart contract credit agreement has several key functions: the salt lending platform designed enable its members leverage their blockchain assets secure cash loans, making easy get money spend without having sell their blockchain assets. secure collateral storage. the blockchain assets underlying each loan are stored fully audited, ultra-secure multi-signature architecture throughout the life the loan. what blockchain-backed loan(tm)? key features include: scalable management collateral! mitigated counterparty risk! streamlined arbitration! non-custodial escrow; and! automated loan servicing! automatic collateral management. salt lending's read-write oracle smart contract specifically designed for blockchain asset collateral management. the salt oracle smart contract amalgamates real-time global market price metrics from multiple data channels assess the mark-to-market valuation the collateral securing the credit agreement, while simultaneously tracking the borrower's loan balance. the value the collateral depreciates below dynamically determined threshold, maintenance call notice issued the borrower. the case maintenance call, the borrower can either add more collateral, make extra payment reducing the loan balance, nothing and the salt oracle smart contract will automatically initiate the liquidation portion the collateral order recalibrate the overcollateralization the loan. liquidation occurs through automated trading engine, which utilizes proprietary investment logic optimize trade execution blockchain-backed loan(tm) money borrowed for any kind personal business use, such making big purchase, paying off credit card debt, investing home improvements, taking vacation, paying for business expenses. the loan collateralized blockchain asset, such bitcoin. salt wants make things simple for its members. there are origination fees, closing costs, prepayment penalties the fixed rate term loans arranged through the salt platform. members may elect any time pay off their loans early additional cost them. this strong contrast terms often offered conventional lenders. typically, conventional loans are accompanied myriad itemized fees such upfront origination fees, which can exceed the loan balance, and monthly servicing fees that are paid the borrower top the monthly payments the lender. salt has opted for simple model where fees charged borrowers are rolled into annual membership promote transparency and fairness. secured automated lending technology salt lending has developed protocol agnostic technology automatically manage blockchainbacked credit agreements between borrowers and terms and conditions apply. subject suitability, kyc aml screening. based live assessment available liquidity, order book depth, and price velocity across multiple exchanges via distributed market orders for each currency pair. credit agreement terms enforcement. the salt smart credit agreement performs several loan servicing functions autonomously. monitors the origination the loan, directing cash from the lender's bank account the borrower's bank account, and tracks monthly payments from the borrower the lender. borrower misses payment, the technology automatically liquidates portion the collateral and gives sale proceeds the lender payment the borrower's behalf. once the borrower repays the loan full, the remaining collateral returned the borrower.! the value borrower's blockchain asset increases, then depending the terms the loan, the borrower may have the option add the increased value the principal the loan for additional extension credit from the lender withdraw excess collateral. the options available the borrower depend the loan terms agreed the time loan origination. there are prepayment penalties associated with early retirement debt. borrowers who are unable increase the available principal balance the loan have the ability repay the loan full and reapply for new product, subject lender specific borrower eligibility and refinance restrictions. any appreciation the blockchain asset collateral retained the borrower following the full repayment all outstanding loan principal, interest and fees. salt's smart credit agreements act bridge between two historically divided systems: the world blockchain assets and the world traditional financial infrastructure. the salt lending platform structured provide financial institutions and lenders with the ability capitalize this rapidly growing asset class. salt's technology designed systematically quantify and mitigate lending risk, while simultaneously giving borrowers alternative means accessing the value their assets. example how salt lending loan works overcollateralized loans origination: example, one year loan with annual percentage rate (apr) has twelve scheduled monthly payments $,. representing repayment principal and interest the loan. origination, the loan balance secured with bitcoin, which posted multi-signature wallet collateral. the borrower and lender each retain private key the wallet, along with third-party custodian and our salt collateral management oracle. this example, the collateral balance equates bitcoin valued $,. per bitcoin. result, the loan has origination loan-to-value ratio .%. stated differently, the loan overcollateralized risen result, the salt oracle smart contract issues collateral maintenance notice the borrower, instructing them either deposit additional bitcoin the collateral wallet make loan prepayment $,.. either option would result the loan returning loan-tovalue ratio. the salt oracle takes reasonable measures notify the borrower the notice, via email and sms communications which include estimated time allotment meet the maintenance call. the actual time period allotted borrower meet call subject the velocity the price decline, and there guarantee the accuracy the time estimate. payment: the loan balance reduced $,. following the borrower's first $,. monthly payment, which represents interest and $,. principal. this payment reduces the loan-to-value ratio .%, creating improved risk profile for the lender, assuming static collateral valuation. default: the borrower unable act, chooses not meet the maintenance notice, then the salt oracle initiates partial liquidation transaction along with the lender and custodian, resulting the sale the amount collateral needed return the loan-tovalue ratio this hypothetical example, sale order bitcoin would issued, generating the $,. needed reduce the loan balance. after the sale, the remaining loan balance $,. would secured bitcoin $,. per, totaling dollar value $,. and resulting the loan returning loan-to-value ratio. the incremental liquidation depreciation: next this example, the market value bitcoin depreciates $,., causing the approach ratio between the $,. loan balance and the new valuation the bitcoins posted collateral. the loan-to-value ratio has now *actual terms, rates, loan-to-value thresholds and available credit are subject market conditions and suitability, along with kyc aml screening. process would next repeat bitcoin continued depreciate $,. price level. salt's network lenders traditional financial institutions have historically avoided the world blockchain assets because the challenges faced adapting this relatively new technology and asset class. the salt lending platform provides these institutions with means loan national currencies holders blockchain assets without having change their internal business models add their operational costs. while the barriers adoption have thus far kept these institutions the sidelines, the interest and demand for access this disruptive technology has been steadily growing. salt meets this growing demand providing the processes, compliance, security and technology needed lend against blockchain assets. salt's extensive network lenders designed give members access capital-on-demand. qualified members may select the size, type, and term length the loan they wish obtain from the available options listed. loan applications are then automatically matched with qualified lender capital. lenders benefit from loan interest overcollateralized fixed income vehicle that automatically managed salt's technology and denominated national currency their choice. salt built support the lending any type currency with sufficient demand, inclusive cryptocurrencies. more complex credit agreement unique collateral type will require more salt from the lender account for the computational and development resources required. lenders also purchase membership the salt lending platform which gives lender access the network and related services. financial terms reported the salt lending platform are determined qualified lenders and are subject each lender's specific risk tolerance. result, annual percentage rates (apr) and loan-to-value (ltv) ratios offered eligible members are subject market conditions. all network participants drive additional demand for access lending borrowing capital. salt membership salt membership ethereum-based erc smart contract representing levels access the salt lending platform. can redeemed for products and services and other rewards offered through the platform. total fixed supply membership units exist. demand for lending and borrowing the salt platform will drive the demand for membership. how purchase membership salt membership may purchased with bitcoin (btc), ethereum (eth) any cryptocurrency supported shapeshift. salt membership priced united states dollars (usd). purchase membership will effective only when salt lending accepts the application upon multiple confirmations payment. the purchase salt membership discount will end the earlier predetermined end date, the date which the sale either closed terminated management its sole discretion. applicants will alerted whether they were successful purchasing membership email and update their account the salt lending platform available https://www.saltlending.com. the final purchase price determined when two confirmations have been recorded the bitcoin ethereum blockchain. refunds will issued for accepted membership sales. membership pricing for the salt lending platform based fixed quantity tiers. digital currency payments that carry inadequate fees may experience increase price between their initiation purchase and salt lending's confirmation. using payment processor that only allows single unconfirmed transaction remain pending any given time, multiple purchases may result delayed confirmation. salt lending will determine the exchange conversion rate for each purchase aggregating price feeds from multiple exchanges, adjusting for volume, price variance, statistical outliers and inactivity. attempted purchase membership not accepted following screening procedures, those funds will promptly returned. salt lending has engaged first bank hold usd funds. the event management terminates the sale doesn't accept membership application, any usd tendered applicant will returned net any outgoing fees charged. purchasers salt paying bitcoin (btc) ethereum (eth) will direct funds, into multisignature cold wallets specifically designed for this sale. each purchaser will provided unique purchase destination address for the purpose acquiring salt membership. the event management closes the sale doesn't accept the membership applications, any bitcoin (btc) ethereum (eth) tendered applicant will promptly returned the multi-signature wallet net any outgoing fees charged. membership status membership the salt lending platform prerequisite for member access information and obtain the financial products offered through the salt lending platform. order purchase membership, person entity must create account providing username and email address, among other requirements established salt lending. satisfactory completion both anti-money laundering (aml) and know your customer (kyc) screening required before distribution any purchase excess $,. (two thousand dollars) usd, and may required for any other purchase amount, determined salt lending. any member actively looking obtain financial product may required complete further anti-money laundering (aml), know your customer (kyc) and salt suitability screening. membership offers subscription the salt lending platform and used payment for products and services. initial purchase salt membership, any quantity, results immediate redemption representing the purchase base annual membership the salt lending platform. members the platform accumulate status through their acquisition and redemption salt memberships above and beyond each minimum threshold. the cost membership replaces most fees charged borrowers associated with loan origination and servicing. elevated annual membership status achieved when additional memberships are redeemed through the salt lending platform. salt membership available for purchase any increment depending available inventory. premier and enterprise membership packages increase the loan product types and maximum available loan balances accessible members. outlined the next page, products and services are made available members several tiered packages, representing minimum redemption thresholds. benefits associated with membership status are based redeemed salt. each tier enables qualified members gain access increasingly customizable credit products, ranging from fixed rate term loans lines credit and crypto-secured credit cards, all collateralized blockchain assets. additionally, salt can spent reduce portion the interest rate associated with financial product underwritten lender our platform. members have the option redeem salt membership prior the closing newly originated loan exchange for reduced interest rate. this called "buying down the rate", and permanently lowers the monthly interest payment due for the duration that loan. access the platform api also denominated salt memberships, access the platform's lender network for institutional accounts. this service offers clients, such exchanges, wallets, and digital asset custodians, api subscription service whereby they can access the salt lending marketplace offer credit products their own customer base, for subscription access fee. this api plugin available them and ultimately utilizes capital arranged via the platform's lender network. subject prevailing market exchange rates. terms and conditions may apply. select products and services, such hardware devices, are available for purchase additional cost. loan products available launch are subject lender determined product offerings. salt lending anticipates that only bitcoin collateralized dollar denominated products will initially available. annual membership fees are subject regular market based price adjustments. the salt network sample platform use cases the borrowing power made available members will based either the summation single asset's value that portfolio various blockchain assets. crypto-exchange integrated leverage the attractiveness the products offered through the salt lending platform increases conjunction with increase the number participants utilizing salt membership, resulting classic network effect. salt lending's marketplace offers consumer borrowers access affordable credit, and allows individual and institutional lenders the opportunity lend against new class assets. both sides the equation grow, the advantages (reduced risk, lower cost) scale accordingly, attracting even more borrowers and lenders. the increased participant pool generates competitive interest rate dynamics and data, which used improve the effectiveness salt lending's risk models. the salt crypto-secured credit card crypto-currency exchange may desire offer its clients leverage through their internal interface. salt lending designed enable this providing streamlined api integration whereby, exchange can utilize the platform and instantaneously offer leverage terms their customer base without requiring their users directly interface with the salt lending platform. capital arranged our extensive lender network and seamlessly integrated into the end user's experience. arrangement this nature requires the crypto-exchange purchase enterprise membership package and redeem salt memberships for use the api. ico business development line credit startup that has completed token offering may look use sale proceeds for development their business. often these costs require payment various national currencies and necessitate the liquidation the digital currency raised. enterprise membership would allow the startup access working capital loan line credit help them grow their business, without having liquidate their blockchain assets. miner working capital loans the salt crypto-secured credit card form line credit that collateralized blockchain assets. will operate established credit card payment processor networks and allows for payments national currencies. proof work mining requires significant fixed and variable capital expenses. mining operation must constantly acquiring developing purpose built computer chips while also purchasing electricity run their systems. often these r&d costs require payment third party suppliers denominated various national currencies. order maintain production, mining operation must therefore sell their mining reward reinvest development. with salt working capital loan, miner can now better manage their capital allocations and opportunistically sell mined inventory when the time right. the technology key features the salt oracle: salt memberships exist the ethereum blockchain and loan collateral recorded its native blockchain. salt's secured automated lending technology protocol and asset agnostic architecture. any blockchain asset, including those that exist permissioned distributed ledgers, can used collateral and managed our smart credit contracts. our salt oracle creates multi-signature smart contracts the collateral's native blockchain external blockchain, case depending. any external transfer the collateral, whether liquidation event reversion the borrower, will occur on-chain. monitoring both the loan origination and the payments made the borrower the lender monitoring the value the blockchain asset held collateral generation alerts the value the blockchain asset drops below agreed upon threshold triggering maintenance calls storage collateral until loan terms are fulfilled dispersal and/or liquidation collateral according loan terms the threshold for collateral liquidation breached, the salt oracle triggers liquidation event which co-signed other parties. liquidation events may include fees which are passed along the borrower. the margin requirements are determined lenders and agreed borrowers. terms are clearly outlined each loan agreement. the salt collateral wallet multi-signature blockchain wallet that stores collateral and automatically enforces lending terms. throughout the duration the loan the borrower retains ownership the underlying blockchain asset and key the multisignature wallet. the salt lending platform can directly integrated into hardware wallet devices allowing for additional security for loan collateral. the salt oracle operates autonomously. however, minimum three signatures are always required trigger liquidation order. this redundancy provides added level security. the salt lending platform uses global server redundancy protect its members. servers are distributed across several continents, through third party cloud based web services and hardware devices. additionally, salt lending takes advantage fully distributed server systems. salt lending's decentralized, blockchain based technology platform automates key aspects operations, including: the borrower application process, data gathering, underwriting, loan funding, servicing, collateral management, regulatory compliance and fraud detection. this provides significant time and cost advantage over traditional lending business models and believe enables provide superior user experience both borrowers and lenders. members interact with the salt lending platform either through web and mobile user interface (ui) via application program interface (api), which allow seamless integration the loan platform functionality directly into the backend systems enterprise members. whether through the api, enterprise members are able offer decentralized leverage products their own clients via their existing systems. privacy the factors that define member's participation profile are private default and are only revealed other platform participants with the explicit consent the member. data the platform held distributed way. this important avoid the user data breaches that befall centralized databases. with the salt lending platform, loan collateral independently secured unique smart contracts associated with individual credit agreements. continual development requires developers have permissioned access update the software and result, the back-end marketplace will centralized and under the control salt lending organization. the platform inherits the trustsensitive aspects the protocol tokens which underpin the products offered salt lending. salt committed keeping any and all personal information collected from the individuals that visit our website and make use our platform accurate, confidential, secure and private. salt however, required verify the identity members who apply for financial products through the platform. sale mechanics salt memberships will initially distributed the form discounted sale. the purpose the discounted membership structure attract members early who can provide feedback our prototype further improved our product. the participation and feedback from the salt community has been crucial our development. the largest discounts are being provided the earliest members who provide direct feedback and influence our platform's development, move from the prototype phase launch. the sale environment designed gather feedback. salt lending offering participants discount for helping improve the systems, interface and network strength. each salt membership will initially retail for united states dollars (usd) following the discounted sale period. the sale will not follow strict timing mechanism. instead, set number memberships will available for purchase set discount level. members will unable withdraw their salt memberships until the discounted sale and independent review completed, and memberships have been allocated and disbursed. following the initial discount, salt membership will available for purchase full retail price. business development salt lending completed seed capital funding round early raising over million usd, for the purposes capitalizing the company develop the salt lending platform. all executive members the team and board members have contributed personal funds the development the software and the company. salt lending does not intend liquidate any cryptocurrency generated from membership revenue. salt aligns itself with the "hodl" ethos the crypto community and will borrow against the company's balance sheet. this designed emphasize salt's business model. management intends use debt fund further development the platform. future expenses may include security and financial audit fees, legal, regulatory and other consultancy fees, retention talent, acquisitions, future patent registration, systems licensing, and marketing fees. salt lending intends have its financial position audited top tier accounting firm quarterly basis. external and internal software security audits are also ongoing part salt's business model and have been performed spirent communications inc. the lending and securities industries are highly regulated throughout the world and the business which salt lending operates subject complex rules and extensive regulations. parts the business are subject licensing and examination various regional, federal, state and local government authorities. the ability serve global membership base key salt lending's business model. result, considerable budget will continue allocated towards the on-boarding new jurisdictions. this process entails meeting legal and licensing requirements ensure regulatory compliance across continents and international borders. this also often entails establishing regional offices, legal counsel and several service providers. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!budgeted!expenses! membership supply the salt financial inclusion initiative total fixed supply (one hundred and twenty million) salt memberships will exist, with fractional supply circulation representing only those that have not been redeemed and are now held for sale the platform. salt memberships are sold whole integers. the smallest salt unit one hundred millionth. expected allocation memberships percentage discounted sales platform development employee discount retail sales total intend set aside two percent the total sale proceeds for the salt financial inclusion initiative, which seeks provide blockchain backed lines credit anyone who currently unbanked and/or unable get credit result social exclusion. loans will issued qualifying applicants and collateralized with bitcoin from sale proceeds. secure accounts will established for individuals and education blockchain-backed loans will made available help recipients use credit the right way, creating "good debt". regulation some elements salt lending's businesses are subject state and federal regulation within the united states and foreign laws and regulations. loans arranged through the salt platform are originated sec registered investment advisor other boarded registered banking entities. the salt wallet will built into the salt dashboard. the wallet will give member's the ability upgrade their membership, send additional salt the public eth address currently associated with member's account, choose different public eth address which member would like store and secure their salt. direct hardware wallet integration will available for added security. estimate that member wallets will available days after the independent review membership transactions. the internal review estimated require one three weeks from the close the discounted sale. for the sake speed, will allow access wallets once the members transactions have been reviewed. access the wallet will vary based upon when member's transactions have been reviewed. salt lending holdings, inc., and the loans originated through the salt platform, must comply with applicable state and federal lending and usury laws, such as: the federal consumer credit protection act, the truth-in-lending act, the equal credit opportunity act, the fair debt collection practices act, the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act, the servicemembers civil relief act, the military lending act, the bank secrecy act, the usa patriot act, the electronic fund transfer act, the electronic signatures global and national commerce act (esign) and other federal and state laws governing privacy, data security and prohibiting unfair deceptive business practices. non-bank entities, salt lending holdings, inc. and its affiliate, salt platform, llc, have developed extensive best practice policies and procedures intended ensure legal and regulatory compliance. salt lending holdings, inc. and its affiliate, salt platform, llc, may subject examination, supervision and other regulatory enforcement actions taken the state agencies responsible for monitoring consumer credit, trade, and commerce; and federal agencies, such the consumer financial protection bureau and the federal trade commission, that administer the federal consumer protection laws, trade, and commerce the united states. brand values salt lending's mission increase the productivity digital assets. this will accomplished adhering the core values below: security: salt lending puts security and privacy first our protocols and practices are designed keep user information and assets safe and private. innovation: salt seeks continuously innovate, creating new paradigms for managing the risk realizing the value digital assets. premium service: salt delivers high quality service and exceptional experience empower the end-user. legal regulatory compliance: salt committed maintaining compliance with laws, regulation, and licensing with governing bodies achieve sustainable growth. trust: earn trust acting with the highest standards integrity, honesty, and accountability. the salt brand the salt name originated from the historical record when salt became more than commodity, gained use store value. used medium exchange for food, clothing, and other general provisions, salt broke the mold what commodity could be. with the invention blockchain technology the boundaries are once again being pushed. are forced rethink what defines asset currency well the ways which they can recorded and transacted. salt also acronym for secured automated lending technology, the name given our programmed smart loan contract. the efficiencies and security provided our technology salt's competitive edge. just like its namesake, salt intends household name, pillar the financial market, and brand that breaks the mold how secured lending conducted. benchmarks disclaimer this material provided salt technology, ltd. ("salt", the "company"), for informational purposes only, and not offer solicitation buy sell any securities other financial instruments. the salt membership consumptive use product permitting access the services provided the salt lending platform, detailed above. memberships are not intended for speculation and afford the holder rights in, claims to, any the assets salt any way share any profits that salt may achieve. interested parties acknowledge agreeing the consent use electronic records, privacy policy, membership agreement and terms and conditions. this document subject change and must accompanied the previously agreed documents, which remains effect regardless purchase decisions. this paper describes the current vision for the salt lending platform. while intend attempt realize this vision, please recognize that dependent quite number factors and subject quite number risks. entirely possible that the salt lending platform will never implemented adopted, that only portion our vision will realized. not guarantee, represent warrant any the statements this paper, because they are based our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions, about which there can assurance due various anticipated and unanticipated events that may occur. cryptocurrencies and other aspects our technology and these markets are their infancy and will subject many challenges, competition and changing environment. will try update our community things grow and change, but undertake obligation so. interested parties acknowledge that the salt lending platform, described herein, may never fact operate intended. salt membership intended solely mechanism for accessing information and using the services offered through the salt lending platform. such, the salt membership may have value zero. salt memberships are functional utility smart contracts within the salt lending platform. salt memberships are non-refundable. salt memberships are not for speculative investment. promises future performance value are will made with respect salt memberships, including promise inherent value, promise continuing payments, and guarantee that salt memberships will hold any particular value. salt memberships are not participation the company and salt memberships hold rights said company. salt memberships are sold functional good and all proceeds received company may spent freely company absent any conditions. membership the salt lending platform intended for experts dealing with cryptographic and blockchain-based software systems. please know that plan work hard seeking achieve the vision laid out this paper, but that you cannot rely any coming true. blockchain, for more information visit saltlending.com, email support@saltlending.com. (c) salt technology, ltd. the salt hardware wallet keepkey