page savedroid ico whitepaper table content our vision: "cryptocurrencies for everyone!" ..................................................................... our story .............................................................................................................................. this savedroid ........................................................................................................... crypto services ........................................................................................................... partner ecosystem ...................................................................................................... team ........................................................................................................................... media coverage........................................................................................................... awards ........................................................................................................................ the savedroid token svd ................................................................................................ value and strategy ...................................................................................................... token supply and specification ................................................................................. benefits svd usage for users and within the ecosystem ..................................... svd price variations ................................................................................................... the initial token sale ......................................................................................................... token issuance ........................................................................................................... savedroid its dates .................................................................................................... svd distribution and allocation scheme ................................................................... how buy svds......................................................................................................... bounty programs ........................................................................................................ transparency and trust .............................................................................................. status quo roadmap ...................................................................................................... financial model .................................................................................................................. acknowledgements ............................................................................................................ legal note ................................................................................................................................. page savedroid ico whitepaper page savedroid ico whitepaper our vision: "cryptocurrencies for everyone!" savedroid, the award-winning german fintech specialized artificial intelligence ("ai") saving technology, has geared democratize cryptocurrencies: savedroid will create unique fueled ecosystem crypto saving and investing for the masses. users will profit from easy access ai-based crypto saving plans bitcoin, ethereum, bitcoin cash, ripple, litecoin, iota, dash, stellar, etc. and superior crypto investment opportunities, such portfolios, derivatives, and icos, without any technological adoption barriers. savedroid eliminates today's complex and painful processes creating smart user experience ("ux"), which conveniently auto-converts savings cryptocurrencies, securely stores them, and makes them easily accessible, tradeable, and spendable. hence, savedroid the first german ico driving crypto inclusion. savedroid will leverage its existing core assets state-of-the-art technology and great based maximum simplification and emotional gamification deliver this exceptional value proposition. fact, savedroid the very first ico german stock corporation that follows german legislation and regulation provide participants with the highest level security. so, join making the crypto world accessible for the masses and finally democratize financial services: give power the people! savedroid committed clear roadmap leveraging its existing core assets: today platform for saving and spending fiat: self-learning algorithm analyzing and optimizing users' personal finances fulfil their wishes and maximize their lifestyle with app downloads, saving transactions, app rating and recommendation rate based great ux, renowned bb-partners such deutsche borse, wirecard, etc., and initial coin offering although savedroid will offer token and not coin, use ico more common synonym our communication. this whitepaper will usually use the more correct technical expression initial token sale ("its"). page savedroid ico whitepaper experienced diverse team ai, ux, tech, finance, and marketing experts. self-learning algorithm enabling convenient crypto saving bitcoin, ethereum, bitcoin cash, ripple, litecoin, iota, dash, stellar, etc., providing easy access without technological barriers. self-learning algorithm enabling smart saving and spending and across cryptocurrencies, providing hassle-free crypto trading and payments. self-learning algorithm enabling smart investments cryptocurrency portfolios, futures, and icos, providing cost-efficient and diversified returns. following this roadmap savedroid brings crypto saving and investing the masses. thereby, savedroid consistently extends its value proposition enabling users maximize their lifestyle and fulfil their wishes saving more and spending less without even thinking about it. through expanding the savedroid ecosystem cryptos, savedroid finally provides average mass market users like our existing user base with easy access cryptocurrencies and enables them participate the huge crypto opportunity fulfil their wishes even faster. cryptocurrencies offer many advantages: they are fully decentralized and, hence, bank can charge high fees and government can take them away, they are fast and offer immediate settlement, and they are also very safe, just name few. there only one problem: complex technological adoption barriers for average mass market users. therefore, the world needs crypto simplifier! https://decentralize.today/-benefits-of-cryptocurrency-a-new-economy-for-the-future- page savedroid ico whitepaper currently, the crypto world like deep jungle for many who have not grown with bitcoin, wallets, tokens, etc. the incredible hype around bitcoin has raised many people's attention. but, still, the adoption barriers for mass market users are extremely high. just think about the cumbersome selection crypto exchange, the registration, selecting and maintaining wallet, and storing and handling private keys. honestly, the user experience along the entire user journey completely sucks and, even worse, keeps many from getting into cryptocurrency investments. doubt, there are great crypto companies with cool products out the market. but savedroid firmly believe that dealing with cryptocurrencies has become much easier order reach the next growth step and make cryptos available the masses. that's why are upgrading our mobile app make cryptocurrency saving and investing just simple taking photo. our mission eliminate existing adoption barriers and make cryptocurrencies accessible for everyone. savedroid will offer smart and convenient crypto saving and investing. absolutely need for separate crypto exchanges, personal wallets, and private key handling. aim reduce the complexity crypto savings and investments level that the mass market already knows and accepts when dealing with personal finances. this simplification the max. call the democratization cryptocurrencies. savedroid the right player make happen: founded frankfurt/germany, savedroid has built proven track record its capabilities simplify traditional financial savings processes and drive mass market adoption. savedroid has successfully launched europe's first ai-based savings app, which has generated more than downloads and more than saving transactions since its launch october savedroid creates significant economic value for mass market users through offering automated savings, i.e., self-learning algorithm analyzing users' checking accounts identify the savings potential and situational relevant spend optimization, e.g., self-learning algorithm identifying contract optimization potential for utilities, mobile, banking, insurances etc. page savedroid ico whitepaper and this savedroid's "secret" sauce: course, people know that would make sense put money aside theory. great wishes need financing. but real life, saving money boring and difficult and has another major disadvantage: putting money aside for future goal prevents people from buying lot little goodies right the spot. good. so, the end, saving money doesn't feel like cool thing do, especially not for younger people. then there savedroid. are changing this connecting the saving transaction with users' individual lifestyle, using our algorithm. our approach has three important parts: firstly, make easy and allow for micro savings. secondly, automate it, that people don't have think about each time they put money aside. thirdly, connect savings unique events users personally like dislike that saving becomes emotional and cool. savedroid's award-winning algorithm based self-learning "if-this-thenthat" rules, called smooves. for the start, users define personal saving goals called "wishes" (e.g., their next summer vacation, new smartphone the latest sneakers), things they want purchase but can't afford right now. then users define personalized events that trigger saving transactions. give example, users can set the smoove: save eur. every time running for least kilometers. since the savedroid app connected the user's fitness tracker, notices every time you have been for run. and since the savedroid app connected your bank account well, transfers the money your savedroid savings account just like that, fully automated and without the users needing anything. over time, savedroid's learns more about the individual user preferences and suggests personalized smooves further optimize users' saving and spending habits and enable them fulfil their wishes even faster. nutshell, savedroid's makes saving money easy, automated, and cool. and that what will now transfer cryptocurrencies well. savedroid will transfer the dna simplifying crypto saving and investing provide average mass market users with easy access. savedroid will thereby support the growth the crypto community and its part make cryptocurrencies the next big thing our economy. page savedroid ico whitepaper please also have look our "what's savedroid's vision?" video: https://youtu.be/yrdkaqipu page savedroid ico whitepaper our story this savedroid within only years, savedroid has already left its mark the german fintech space. have built award-winning, cutting-edge savings ecosystem that available for free android and ios germany. the app targeting rather younger user group between and years and has registered more than downloads and multiple millions saving transactions have been processed far. have created enormous economic value for our mass market users. and high customer satisfaction just have look our app store ratings: savedroid's goal help people with putting money aside dedicated savings account, using personalized based savings rules. these rules also known "smooves", contraction "smart saving move" allow users turn their everyday habits, such exercising, checking their smartphone, using social media apps shopping, into pure savings. savedroid has solved the challenge for common people save money provides smart and fully-automated micro-savings and even spend optimization using self-learning algorithm with convenient understandable for everybody. thereby, successfully democratized everyday savings. savedroid was selected member the deutsche borse fintech hub and deutsche borse venture network program run one the world's leading stock exchanges prepare selected growth companies for ipo. page savedroid ico whitepaper figure overview savedroid ... company history savedroid was founded stock corporation (aktiengesellschaft) part the unibator program the goethe university frankfurt/germany the financial center the euro zone. since then savedroid has raised more than eurm equity from renowned investors such the investment and economic development bank rheinland-pfalz (isb), group managing partner alfred schorno, infosys germany founder former ceo debjit chaudhuri and traxpay founder dr. michael rundshagen etc. just few months after its foundation savedroid already closed partnership deal with wirecard bank and delivered the first mobile app with fully deposit secured savings account. not much later, savedroid launched credit card that saved money can spent easily purchase the desired wishes. page savedroid ico whitepaper savedroid closed growth funding round that helped boost its customer base downloads and more than processed savings transactions. savedroid now employs team professionals. figure age distribution savedroid's user base ... core products ai-based saving unlike most fintech companies, savedroid targets the average consumer who does not want spend his time doing financial research. savedroid does not address small elite group hardcore financial experts but the vast majority mobile users (yes, immense market potential). savedroid's users are looking for easy-to-use, lifestyle-oriented and even fun way micro-saving fulfill their wishes, like their next vacation new notebook. and who does not need save some money for bigger ticket purchases? page savedroid ico whitepaper but how does work? based our technology, called "smooves" turn the user's everyday activities into automated savings, e.g.: you for run savedroid saves eur. for you, you hit the snooze button save eur. for you, you buy amazon save for you ... and many more. via our partner bank wirecard, offer every user free savings account. with every triggered smoove, small sum transferred the savings account, that the saved amount grows day day. and the system working: multiple millions savings transactions have been triggered through the savedroid app and multiple millions euros have been set aside achieve our users' individual wishes and maximize their lifestyle. optimization spend savedroid not only about "saving money" the meaning "putting money aside" but also the meaning spending less for everyday costs. since savedroid's algorithms have insight into what kind transfers the user making from his bank account, can identify what contracts paying for. using this information, savedroid's self-learning algorithm directly suggest tailor-made offers which are cheaper provide better value for money. there less expensive mobile phone contract available than the one that the user currently holds, meeting the same even better conditions? better electricity gas provider? cheaper credit card? so, the user will receive notification together with invitation switch the new provider, all in-app. this way, savedroid not only micro-savings simplifier but also personal finance optimizer. and all based the latest artificial intelligence technology! page savedroid ico whitepaper please also have look our "who savedroid?" video: https://youtu.be/ezaazhgtn crypto services will transfer savedroid's successful and value-adding products into the cryptocurrency world enable smart and convenient crypto saving and investing. order eliminate the adoption barriers and make cryptocurrencies accessible for everyone, savedroid will provide all the tools necessary for its users: tools purchase cryptocurrencies, store cryptocurrencies, spend cryptocurrencies, and invest cryptocurrencies. course, the popular smooves will also available that users can not only save automatically fiat but directly cryptocurrencies without any further hassle! the final design the following crypto tools savedroid's sole discretion and may adjusted not offered all depending, among other factors, new technical trends, user demand, availability business partners, and changes the regulatory environment. page savedroid ico whitepaper ... convenient crypto saving savedroid will extend its proven self-learning saving algorithm from fiat cryptocurrencies. app users will not have worry about selecting and registering crypto exchange, selecting and maintaining compatible wallet, and handling private keys. after registering the savedroid app, users can start saving cryptocurrencies (bitcoin, ethereum, and many other altcoins) right away. they will automatically receive virtual, fully secured wallet and all fiat funds that the user wants covert cryptocurrencies will converted magically the background the selected cryptocurrency. the crypto saving targets all current savedroid users and young middle-age mobile app users who would like start with cryptocurrencies and value great user experience (ux) over large set customization options technical details. savedroid will eliminate all currently existing technological adoption barriers and will finally provide typical mass market users like our existing user base with easy access cryptocurrencies. ... smart saving and spending and across cryptocurrencies savedroid's self-learning algorithm will enable users smartly switch their savings between cryptocurrencies and also conveniently spend their crypto savings fulfill their desired wishes their preferred merchants. users can, therefore, trade cryptocurrencies their fingertips without the need worry about cumbersome crypto exchange orders outrageous bid-ask spreads. the goal build ecosystem where users can swap cryptocurrencies within the savedroid community the lowest cost and best available. also, make easier spend cryptocurrencies shops that not yet offer payment cryptocurrencies, savedroid will offer its users credit card, the "cryptocurrency credit card", from major card scheme, purchase their wishes. this will significantly extend the functionalities savedroid's existing fiat credit card. whenever the user makes purchase with the cryptocurrency credit card, his cryptocurrencies will auto-converted fiat and transferred the merchant. page savedroid ico whitepaper the easy crypto trading well the cryptocurrency credit card can also connected users' external wallets and thus open for much broader audience. hence, both the crypto trading and the cryptocurrency credit card not only target the savedroid crypto saving users but also more experienced cryptocurrency users. ... smart investments cryptocurrency portfolios, derivatives, and icos provide cost-efficient and diversified return opportunities, savedroid will enable users easily invest their savings cryptos. therefore, savedroid will upgrade its and offer self-learning algorithm invest cryptocurrency portfolios, derivatives, and icos directly the savedroid app. hence, users can diversify their portfolio multiple cryptocurrencies, crypto derivatives, and ico coins and tokens and profit from the best risk-return profiles available the market. this will complement savedroid's exceptional crypto value proposition with state-of-the-art crypto investing and cater for the needs even the most advanced crypto users. with this three-staged roadmap, will consistently leverage our existing core assets latest technology and great build fueled crypto ecosystem massively simplify the usage cryptos from everyday micro savings over trading and payments return optimized investing. below the line, the savedroid offering will drive crypto adoption average mass market users and, thus, help grow the crypto community even faster and bigger. page savedroid ico whitepaper partner ecosystem savedroid has built very strong ecosystem renowned partners, many them leaders their respective field operations. with these partners, savedroid can not only offer the best services its users but can also benefit from the reach, trust and reliance its strong partners. choose our partners based capability innovation, implementation speed, reputation and user focus. let's start with deutsche borse. operator the trading platform xetra and the frankfurt stock exchange, deutsche borse calculates the dax share index and listed with their shares the dax. when the deutsche borse opened its fintech hub frankfurt savedroid was one the first tenants. together with four other startups, savedroid uses the infrastructure the incubator. this includes access the network deutsche borse ag. savedroid thereby part the deutsche borse venture network with over members from all over europe. the deutsche borse brings together young growth companies and investors this platform. since its founding approximately billion dollars investment were collected via the venture network. the smart saving app savedroid implemented with the support the wirecard bank. wirecard manages the technical and banking law requirements for the savedroid savings account, into which the users the app, with the help the so-called "smooves", transfer money. wirecard, based near munich, publicly-traded international technology and financial services company with approximately employees, over one billion euros turnover and market capitalization more than billion euros. wirecard one the top five stocks the german technology stock index tecdax. another savedroid partner the top five the tecdax the telecommunications company drillisch, located near frankfurt. drillisch one the largest high-flyers the german stock market and its share price has increased factor since https://medium.com/@ico_/ico-candidate-savedroid-part-of-a-strong-network-with-well-knownnames-bfdfc page savedroid ico whitepaper the company one the most aggressively priced discount cell phone providers germany and active with the brand yourfone. for savedroid, drillisch comes into play when recommending more affordable cell phone services users the app. our second partner for the optimization cell phone contracts freenet, company with nearly employees and more than three billion euros turnover. when comes the optimization electricity contracts, savedroid cooperates with check. check germany's largest internet comparison portal with turnover more than eur million. savedroid will release all new feature the next weeks that allows convert savings amazon gift cards get discounts amazon and thus realize wishes even earlier. team savedroid's team combines long-time industry experience ai, ux, tech, finance, and marketing with the right start-up mindset and user centricity. with this skill set, savedroid can deliver financial innovations faster and particularly user-friendly way which unmatched far. page savedroid ico whitepaper ... management board dr. yassin hankir founder ceo yassin fintech entrepreneur and enthusiast. initiated savedroid, co-host the fintech meetup frankfurt and used co-founder the robo-advisor vaamo. before becoming entrepreneur, worked engagement manager mckinsey company, inc. for four years. during his consulting job, his focus was retail and private banking, especially growth strategies, product development and implementation, well marketing and distribution. yassin completed his master economics and his ph.d. finance the goethe-university frankfurt/germany. marco trautmann founder coo marco strategy and banking professional. before co-founding savedroid, marco has already developed and launched digital business models and products mckinsey company inc. management consultant. through his time project manager accenture, marco proved deep expertise implementing technology projects. marco graduated from ebs university, germany m.sc. business administration and from university pittsburgh, usa m.sc. management information systems. student, already gained his first experience entrepreneur founding consulting partnership specialized real estate valuations. tobias zander founder cto tobias entrepreneur and cto. previously, was well regarded freelancer and the cto sitewards, e-commerce specialist frankfurt/germany. has built development teams that thrive the cutting edge web development. with passion inspire people, takes part and speaks conferences worldwide. also publishes articles wide range magazines, several blogs and has written books about web security. page savedroid ico whitepaper please also have look our "meet the savedroid founders" video: https://youtu.be/-cbyiqryu michael "mike" fehse chief data officer mike held various executive positions life science, telco, banking and software during his years career. led arago automation ceo and accretive tech cto for more than four years. before, mike was chief scientist and telco, pharma banking t-systems, fresenius and others. furthermore, served evaluator and audit reviewer framework programs for the european commission. always curious, has passion for and will join savedroid january our chief data officer. this position, will build out the department enhance the analytics and machine learning capability even further. jan gabriel pleser chief marketing officer jan cmo savedroid. after completing his studies economics, was drawn the advertising industry, where has been working for more than years for several wellregarded agencies, such publicis, and freelancer. senior brand consultant, most recently advised major brands, such deutsche bank, procter gamble and nestle, brand and digital strategy. page savedroid ico whitepaper ... team experts it-team matthew kirschnick senior product owner matt senior product owner savedroid and works with the team set feature priorities and translate business requirements into language developers can understand! matt studied computer science and political science canada and worked for more than years game development electronic arts. sebastian hoffmann smart contract developer sebastian advisor with several years experience strategy consulting, dealing with challenges and impacts digitization capgemini. besides this, entrepreneur the and crypto space. sebastian holds m.sc. degree information science from university amsterdam, having studied germany, china and the netherlands. michael ryvlin senior backend developer michael our backend developer from the beginning and built and supports the entire backend the app and the server and security structure. before working savedroid, spent more than years the e-commerce environment. michael, who fluent, russian our go-to-person for any business with eastern europe and russia. patrick taufer mobile developer patrick ios and android developer savedroid. after completing his studies computer scientist and his media informatics degree, patrick has spent almost years agency and doing consulting. addition his job savedroid, travels lot and passionate serial fan. patrick gotta designer after completing his apprenticeship specialist for application development deutsche telekom, studied media system design darmstadt university applied sciences. already during and especially after his studies, has gained more than years experience planning, conception and quality assurance complex media and software projects several projects and design agencies, thus training his interdisciplinary way working and thinking. for almost two decades, the web has been his second home and like his own, makes little more pleasant every day. page savedroid ico whitepaper lennart czienskowski designer lennart passionate user experience designer and technology fan with eye for the essentials. expert making tough topic piece cake. studied interactive media design darmstadt university applied sciences and has worked for the last seven years various agencies before and during his studies deutsche telekom and the max planck institute for educational research berlin. michaela "ela" wenner art director passionate designer, almost non-stop everything revolves around the visual. however, anyone who believes that ela only pays attention superficial things deceptively wrong. good portion facts with which you can knit grandiose concept the and every design start. while working for the last seven years large well various small agencies and design offices, she gathered her expertise wide range design topics, such corporate identity, editorial design, analogue photography, re-drafting, conception, project management and analytical thinking. alla brodski-guerniero data scientist alla takes care our data analysis and forecasts for example she develops our algorithms that provide users with tips for the best smooves fulfill their wishes. addition her work savedroid, alla also works her ph.d. the field neuroscience. for more than five years, she has explored what happens our brain when information from memory affects our perception. gautam kumar pramanik data scientist gautam currently supplementing the data science team. contributes data extraction, sorting, and analysis for providing tips the savedroid app users for the best smooves. apart from his work savedroid, also involved scientific research the field multiple sclerosis (ms). working understanding network behavior the brain the early phase ms. his free time, reads novel, hikes and travels different places. page savedroid ico whitepaper business-team lucien tavano vice president internationalization lucien actually living paris responsible for our internationalization strategy. during the its, coordinates our communication strategy and one our international community managers. prior joining savedroid, lucien founded the fintech startup ohmygeorg!, building forex trading apps for the market. before that, worked for years airbus business and mechanical engineering graduate, doing business development asia, flying more than times per year! alex hofmann head business development alex head business development with degree psychology, for which she has researched the reward systems the human brain. her specialty question things, motivate others, and generate strategies and ideas. with her passion for inspiring others, alex gained new talents recruiting and employer branding for ferrero and helped shape the internal communication the nutella empire before joining savedroid. now she brings new users for savedroid, ambitious team members all savedroid enthusiasts board! lydia witzmann digital marketing manager lydia has been our digital marketing manager since january and she primarily responsible for social media management. before savedroid, lydia gained experience project management bmw, jung von matt, tchibo and gruner jahr (stern.de) and ecommerce topshop topman london the last five years. sina reubelt- blockchain partner management sina working blockchain partner manager savedroid. such, she aiming establish valuable network partners, making sure they are provided with the necessary information. co-organizer and vice-president the fintech conference liechtenstein, she has already been working the fintech area for while. earlier this year, she has finished her postgraduate studies information systems with majors data science from the university liechtenstein. parna "pari" youssufzay customer service pari graduated with degree business administration with focus marketing. savedroid, she manages our customer service with heart and mind and usually the "voice savedroid". additionally, she supports our recruiting and the creation social media content. page savedroid ico whitepaper stefan telin customer service stefan supports primarily the areas customer service, for which predestined his previous work experience customer service and his degree international finance. please also have look our "meet the savedroid team" video: https://youtu.be/oyxlkcmohc page savedroid ico whitepaper ... supervisory board the savedroid management board supported our trusted serial entrepreneurs and fintech evangelists our supervisory board. debjit "debu" chaudhuri (chairman) debu founded infosys germany and built large (>, consultants), profitable and sustainable business with leading german (e.g., dax) clients. advised and implemented business strategies with industry leaders spain, italy, switzerland and the netherlands and founded the business spain and italy. entrepreneur and investor (family office) since sustainability, digital and machine learning related businesses. robert hable robert founder and managing director research, enterprise specialized directors dealing/insider transactions data analysis. developing alpha generating tools, quantitative long and short models based equity market neutral, strict scientific approach. robert engaged the cryptocurrency community right from the beginning and real expert. jochen siegert jochen experienced chief operations officer traxpay, with demonstrated history working the banking and payment industry, e.g., paypal and mastercard, among others. strong business development professional, skilled cryptocurrencies, single euro payments area (sepa), monetization, banking, electronic payments, and e-commerce. jochen internationally recognized fintech and digitalization influencer, keynote speaker, blogger and podcaster. page savedroid ico whitepaper ... advisors prof. danko nikolic ai-kindergarten brain and mind scientist and practitioner and visionary. he's foremost interested closing the mind-body explanatory gap, and ii) using that knowledge improve machine learning and ai. his work brain research max planck led him develop the theory practopoiesis. from there proposed the concept ai-kindergarten method for creation biological-like artificial intelligence. also, few years back introduced the concept ideasthesia. most recently, he's active applied machine learning and ai. meinhard benn blockchain entrepreneur meinhard founded satoshipay, blockchain-based nanopayments provider aiming fundamentally change the way web content monetized. open source developer, social entrepreneur and avid shoestring traveler with countries under his belt, meinhard experienced the need for open, global and decentralized payment technology first-hand. already experimented with different alternative payment systems for years when bitcoin and its ground-breaking blockchain technology crossed his path developer, entrepreneur and speaker pushes the blockchain ecosystem forward ever since. kestutis gardziulis co-founder cio etronika kestutis gardziulis co-founder and chief innovation officer etronika. has over years' experience fintech, digital banking, smart retail, on-line fraud detection and digital identity. his teams got multiple international awards for digital banking solutions and they were among the first the world implement the commercial mobile electronic signature solution which became the backbone the national wireless pki infrastructure lithuania. kestutis also known for experimenting with natural user interface-based online banking prototypes. acted the ceo etronika for many years, also served the vice-president lithuanian ict association and has previous experience banking sector and voice-recognition for forensic examination. currently, kestutis active enthusiast and contributor fintech and blockchain communities, speaker various international forums the future finance and the challenges the industry holds degree physics (quantum electronics) and visuals arts, and has keen interest science, technology, ai, space, ted conferences and semantic web. page savedroid ico whitepaper alfred schorno managing partner alfred schorno managing partner since november and member the group executive board. starting his investment banking career spent total years with ubs trading and selling foreign exchange products, derivatives, money market instruments and bonds. during his time with ubs, alfred was located zurich, geneva, new york and latterly spent several years treasurer ubs luxembourg. then moved commerzbank frankfurt and spent five years leading the global sales and trading team global head for fx. prior joining alfred was coo commerzbank's centralized portfolio management and research unit. also served executive committee member ebs broking services ltd./ london for several years. oliver naegele founding member germany's association for blockchain for more than years, oliver has been specialist and consultant for security, enterprise java, intranet, extranet, infrastructure, databases and virtualization. this broad fields, oliver has acquired deep understanding digital identity management and distributed authority. additionally, the initiator the helix labs frankfurt main and the german wide network fintech headquarter. often asked speak for conferences, events and other gatherings the startup, financial and communities. oliver also engages spread the word about blockchain and our digital future general. therefore, one the founding members germany's association for blockchain. this chamber supposed represent the interests the german blockchain community politicians. henri jong head business development quantoz henri responsible for business development the blockchain company quantoz. has track record more than years bringing new technologies the market, like the first route planning systems, digital road maps and electronic publications. early henri was invited his former colleagues join quantoz. blockchain technology brings together henri's interest self organization and software algorithms. his focus now developing quasar, the quantoz digital cash solution. quasar delivers the infrastructure for instant micro payments between enterprises (unbanked), consumers and the internet things (iot), compliant with regulation. kilian thalhammer managing partner "payment and banking" kilian has over years' experience payment, fintech, ecommerce, and loyalty, which makes him real expert when comes serious product, strategy, and business development issues. after being director solutions for the swiss post, joined ratepay (otto group) cpo and was global cpo paymill (rocket internet) until kilian works consultant and business angel (among others, fincompare, forexfix, lodgify, loyaltyprime) the fintech-field. also co-founder the well-known german fintech blog "payment and banking". page savedroid ico whitepaper dr. michael rundshagen co-founder traxpay michael cognizant where leads the consulting business germany, austria and switzerland. has more than years' experience management and strategy consulting and leading numerous transformation programs for enterprises various sectors. michael was lead strategy consulting asg accenture. co-founder traxpay and business angel, engaged multiple start-ups with focus ai, fintech and digitalization. dr. matthias hirtschulz senior manager d-fine matthias hirtschulz senior manager d-fine. has more than seven years' experience delivering innovations the financial industry. founding member d-fine next, matthias drives blockchain-related projects for large and small clients. matthias also mentor the accelerator frankfurt. roland klaus journalist for financial markets roland freelance journalist with extensive knowledge reporting about financial markets and the corporate landscape germany. having worked on-air reporter from the frankfurt stock market for cnbc europe, and n-tv, he's ready for live coverage, both german and english. has significant track record moderating events and hosting discussion panels for the likes deutsche bank, dekabank, nordlb and other major companies. besides that, offers executive coaching for all those that want prepare for interview appearance, especially radio and television. michael hubl entrepreneur co-founder flinc michael hubl one the most ambitious startup personalities germany. founded his first company the age was one the top internet personalities germany his current startup "flinc" the world's first dynamic ridesharing service. users can share rides everywhere and real-time, they were looking the schedule the bus stop. his vision new mobility system that utilized the community share their rides using existing resources. flinc was nominated best startup for the web awards and techcrunch's "the europas" and was recently acquired the leading german car manufacturer daimler. page savedroid ico whitepaper anders indset business philosopher anders indset one europe's leading business philosophers offering new perspective the "art thinking". bridging the philosophy the past with the technology and science tomorrow, shows how leaders can cope with the century. his postulates change provide framework cope with our fast-paced world. norwegian-born occasional tech-investor based out frankfurt, germany and visiting guest lecturer leading international business schools, founding partner frankfurt international alliance (fia) and advisory board member german tech entrepreneurship center (gtec) well trusted advisor for global ceos and leading politicians. media coverage savedroid has been featured many trusted magazines, newspapers, blogs and even radio and tv: awards savedroid and the savedroid solution automatically save money and optimize personal spend based self-learning technology have been recognized various prestigious awards, amongst them: page savedroid ico whitepaper the savedroid token svd create erc utility token with built-in deflation mechanism suggested vitalik buterin support the future value the savedroid token. the savedroid token with the short name "svd" can used purchase the crypto services within the savedroid ecosystem. users our automated crypto saving and investing will use the savedroid token pay the fees these crypto services. once, savedroid token has been used for purchase within the savedroid ecosystem will burn certain percentage these tokens support the future value the tokens. you can also sell the svd privately, supported token exchanges, hodl [sic] it. moreover, using the svds within the savedroid ecosystem will provide additional user and network benefits further stimulate savedroid's growth, described more detail below. value and strategy the intrinsic value svds derives from its functionality within the fast growing savedroid ecosystem based crypto saving and investing. therefore, the savedroid token offers highly attractive opportunity and may increase value based the financial model outlined more detail chapter below. savedroid, for the first time ever, provides average mass market users with easy access cryptocurrencies without technological adoption barriers. within savedroid's unique fueled ecosystem, users will profit from convenient ai-based crypto saving plans bitcoin, ethereum, bitcoin cash, ripple, litecoin, iota, dash, stellar, etc. and superior crypto investment opportunities, such portfolios, derivatives, and icos. savedroid will create smart which conveniently auto-converts savings cryptocurrencies, securely stores them, and makes them easily accessible, tradeable, and spendable. will offer all these crypto services for reasonable fee (we might adjust the fees over time address latest market developments). our users will required purchase all http://vitalik.ca/general////moe.html page savedroid ico whitepaper consumed crypto services within the savedroid ecosystem using svd. hence, more users the savedroid ecosystem will translate into higher demand for savedroid tokens. when user takes his savedroid tokens pay for crypto service, collect his savedroid tokens and automatically burn percentage these tokens. thus, the number available savedroid tokens will decrease over time. below the line, this will support the future value the savedroid token. other words, percentage the savedroid crypto service fees will automatically removed from the pool available svds every single purchase. thus, the more the savedroid ecosystem used, the further the supply svd will decrease. so, eventually, our user growth will drive increasing demand for savedroid tokens the one hand and, the same time, decreasing supply savedroid tokens the other hand. hence, the value the savedroid token depends, among other factors, our future user growth. token holder that decides hodl svds, though may subjected exchange market fluctuations, might enjoy protective layer that links the value svd savedroid's sustainable crypto ecosystem. this called intrinsic deflationary mechanism makes svd valuable utility token. should stated however, that the value the svd will driven market supply and demand and will not derived directly from savedroid's activities. please note that holding svd does not trigger the right redemption cash cash equivalents the payment fixed determinable income savedroid. token holders must not reasonably expect generate profits through the sale svd other persons. the savedroid token will grant legal rights access crypto services only within the savedroid ecosystem. any other forms financial incentives token holders may may not receive holding svd are outside savedroid's control and will only derived through their own efforts. the savedroid token not paying any interest dividends also qualifies sharia-compliant islamic investment opportunity. page savedroid ico whitepaper the flow svds illustrated below. figure svd flows its participant can buy savedroid token during our its. can then either use his svd become one the first savedroid crypto saving and investing users and pay for the crypto service fees hold his savedroid tokens and maybe privately sell them token exchange. savedroid user, who has not participated our its will have two options after our its: either directly buys svd token exchange or, conveniently, directly within the savedroid mobile apps. the savedroid token can stored wallet and used pay for the consumed crypto services within the savedroid ecosystem. so, the end, the price the savedroid token will always determined the actual market supply and demand the token exchanges. will adjust our service fees denominated svd within the savedroid ecosystem according the free market price the savedroid page savedroid ico whitepaper token. this will ensure that our service fee will stay attractive for all savedroid users over time, so, for example, higher svd price will eventually result lower service fee quoted savedroid token. please also have look our "the savedroid token" video: https://youtu.be/cnuzzira token supply and specification total billion svds will issued the ethereum blockchain using smart contract. svd will comply with the erc standard and will freely transferable the ethereum blockchain. ethereum was the natural choice for this project due its broad adoption and industry-standard for issuing custom digital assets. the compatibility with the erc standard leverages upon the existing infrastructure advantages the ethereum ecosystem, namely terms development tools, wallets, exchanges, and human resource expertise. https://theethereum.wiki/w/index.php/erc_token_standard page savedroid ico whitepaper savedroid will build sustainable ecosystem for the crypto community that grows fast with the community and their network effects. hence, contribution svd contribution the future the savedroid ecosystem. our deflationary mechanism creates intrinsic value and relationship between our ecosystem growth and svd value. the purpose mitigate the effects earlier icos, which the tokens had large demand the first months but which then flattened over time. whenever svd used for savedroid ecosystem purchases and percentage burned, the remainder will allocated the discretionary monetary reserve pool ("mrp") held and managed savedroid. all svd held savedroid are allocated the mrp. savedroid can sell svd the mrp token exchanges directly app users within the savedroid ecosystem. the mrp can used ensure sufficient svd liquidity and prevent overheated market selling svd. the proceeds such svd sales will used for the development and extension the savedroid ecosystem. recirculating svd market price helps raise their value while the same time engaging the whole community. the savedroid token grows popularity, more and more users pay for savedroid services and, thus, higher proceeds will allow the continuous development and release new crypto saving and investing features within the savedroid ecosystem. this will further increase the appeal the savedroid ecosystem for the crypto community, which will turn again lead further increase the value svd. benefits svd usage for users and within the ecosystem svd will used the savedroid ecosystem users purchase the savedroid's fueled crypto saving and investing services outlined below. leveraging technical support processes, savedroid will enable all users, especially those who have not originally participated the its, conveniently buy svd the market through the savedroid ecosystem. therefore, users will grant savedroid powers attorney part the crypto service purchase buy svd market price from third party exchanges from the mrp and savedroid will forward these directly into the page savedroid ico whitepaper crypto service payment channels, i.e. they are used automatically pay for the crypto services. since the exchange rate svd measured fiat and cryptocurrencies may fluctuate over time and thus the value the savedroid tokens varies, would unattractive for new users keep the price for the crypto services denominated svd flat, because then new savedroid users might have pay much higher price for their consumed crypto services than early adopters who have joined the savedroid ecosystem right from the beginning. therefore, savedroid will adjust the price crypto services denominated svd keep the purchasing power the savedroid token within the savedroid ecosystem approximately constant over time. this means, that, for example, you will have pay svd for respective crypto service within the savedroid ecosystem after the its closing, you might have pay only svd few months later the value the savedroid token had doubled. the offered crypto services include: convenient crypto saving all offered crypto saving services, including savedroid's self-learning saving algorithm, auto-conversion from fiat crypto and vice versa, and secure wallet storage, can purchased with svd. the crypto saving will available for monthly base fee plus percentage transaction fee for every conversion fiat cryptocurrencies and from cryptocurrencies fiat. smart saving and spending and across cryptocurrencies these features include based switching savings between cryptocurrencies and conveniently spending crypto savings fulfill wishes the preferred merchants. savedroid will charge percentage transaction fee for smart crypto trading. the savedroid cryptocurrency credit card will available for monthly fixed fee. smart investments cryptocurrency portfolios, derivatives, and icos all based crypto investing services, such smart investments risk-return optimized cryptocurrency portfolios, derivatives, and icos, will also charged svd. page savedroid ico whitepaper for these crypto investing services, monthly base fee and transaction based percentage fee payable svd apply. exclusive beta-program and app-features for its participants moreover, its participants will receive exclusive access further privileges and premium features within the savedroid ecosystem free charge: all savedroid token holders who have bought their svd during our its may participate savedroid's beta program and benefit from new features first. beta program participants will also have much stronger influence the future development the savedroid ecosystem providing early feedback and having exclusive feedback channels directly our development team. addition, savedroid will also release premium app features exclusively svd owners, such "its community only smooves" (automatic saving rules), limited crypto investment opportunities, fee discounts, and many more. page savedroid ico whitepaper the flow fiat and cryptocurrencies well savedroid's fees are illustrated the figure below: figure fee structure stated above, these crypto services and fee models are subject change the sole discretion savedroid. svd price variations important understand that the price svd will vary over time, based different factors, which the most prominent ones are listed below: change demand for savedroid's crypto services, change competitive landscape, page savedroid ico whitepaper speculative svd demand, supply token holders willing sell svd, eur/eth exchange rate, and the cost gas within the ethereum network. please also have look our "savedroid smart contract" video: https://youtu.be/rnlmgbpc page savedroid ico whitepaper the initial token sale token issuance savedroid and running fast for more than years, has successful product live with strong track record the latest technology and state-of-the-art ux, massively growing and highly engaged user base, and relevant revenue streams. now integrating cryptocurrencies logical and very important leap forward consistently expand the savedroid ecosystem. further extending our technology, integrating partners, growing our talent pool with the right developers, designers, marketing professionals, setting the legal framework, and, course, driving significant user growth through targeted performance marketing requires substantial additional investments. launching initial token sale ("its", often also referred ico although token sale not the offering coins), would like give the crypto community the amazing opportunity participate savedroid's success story, instead limiting access small number traditional venture capital funds. besides, its quick, transparent, and efficient and, thus, empowers savedroid expand its ecosystem and launch the fueled crypto saving and investing features much faster. issuing svd also allows savedroid backed participants from all over the world, who will have access svd right after its creation and can help spread the word savedroid's new crypto services facilitate user growth and create additional value for the savedroid token. after the its, savedroid will aim list svd soon possible relevant token exchanges. will communicate the exact starting dates the svd trading once have received final confirmation from the token exchanges. participants can part this immense opportunity allow everyone world-wide have their micro-savings automatically converted cryptocurrencies and profit from the massive future potential cryptos. except some countries may have exclude due regulative constraints page savedroid ico whitepaper savedroid its dates the savedroid its will structured two parts, starting with the pre-sale and followed the main sale. the sale price for savedroid token during the its fixed eur svd, whereas special pre-sale discounts will apply outlined below. hence, the price svd will fluctuate measured bitcoin and ethereum during the time our its. starting from the until the january will offer all svd (i.e. million svd) for purchase public pre-sale with bonus this means that each pre-sale participant will receive extra the number tokens purchases top for free, one buys svd will receive total svd for the same purchase price. from the february until the march will offer additional all svds for purchase the public during our main sale (i.e., billion svd). total expect sell lower double-digit million amount svd. the smart contract the savedroid token will published github january. will release further details where find the smart contract our website (ico.savedroid.com). the svd distribution ends officially the march this point time, the sale agreement the svd between the its participant and savedroid will become legally effective and binding. the token distribution starts latest after the end the main sale. this point time, all unsold svd (out the billion svd for sale) will burned (or not minted the first place) and after this point time, the number svd will not increase from this effective number svd. there will further tokens created after the hard cap reached and the total amount billion svd will not exceeded any case. will not create any new number svds after the savedroid its. all tokens for sale (see svd distribution below) that are not sold the end the distribution will burned. page savedroid ico whitepaper all reserved tokens (see svd distribution below) will burned proportionally, that the share reserved versus token for sale, i.e. the free float svd, fixed. thus, the maximum number svd determined. the event that the min cap million sold svds not reached before the end the main sale, all payments will returned, less charges depending the payment method (credit card fee blockchain gas). each svd token will sold for eur svd. there minimum purchase amount svds per purchase. will accept maximum (fixed limit) million svds per its participant for purchase the savedroid its. the commencement trading planned few days after the end the its depending the listing speed token exchanges. svd will transferable the first day trading. the beginning, the tokens will not have any features. the use means payment for crypto services the savedroid ecosystem will only possible after the launch such features according the roadmap below. the dates the roadmap depend external factors such partner set-up regulation and can thus not guaranteed. metric parameter start pre-sale start main sale token price tokens issued tokens for sale min cap min number per subscription max number per subscription january february eur svd ,,, ,,, please note: its participants will not see their amounts ether summaries, our its uses fiat, bitcoin, and ether via separate subscription systems. page savedroid ico whitepaper svd distribution and allocation scheme ... svd distribution the maximum number svd will offered for sale during the pre-sale and the main sale. the remaining svds are reserved and will distributed follows: will reserved for community initiatives, business development, and expansion. will allocated for our bounty program for its participants. further will retained for distribution among advisors, community managers, smart contract developers, and legal. the remaining svds will distributed savedroid's early equity investors and the savedroid team incentive ensure long-term alignment interests and commitment the savedroid ecosystem and, hence, the savedroid token and their future value. all reserved tokens (except bounty tokens) will locked and vest per quarter, i.e., linear vesting over total period years. this means that, each quarter, the owners reserved tokens can only sell additional their effectively allocated svd. all lock-ups will controlled dedicated smart contract ("vesting contract") that will publicly available. page savedroid ico whitepaper figure svd distribution page savedroid ico whitepaper ... proceeds allocation the funds raised will used follows: figure allocation page savedroid ico whitepaper how buy svds the savedroid token can bought with the cryptocurrencies bitcoin and ethereum well with fiat via bank credit transfer, sofort uberweisung, and credit card. the exact procedure how buy svds available our website (ico.savedroid.com) and our social media channels. savedroid may adjust the procedure and payment channels during the sale required, please always check the latest updates our website. join the revolution now! bounty programs savedroid will offer different promotion programs for the its, the first programs are described below. ... referral program our referral program will grant every token buyer that invites friend free savedroid tokens the amount the invited friend purchases. for example, your invited friend buys savedroid tokens, you will receive savedroid tokens for free. the free referral savedroid tokens will assigned latest one week after the closing the main sale the its. you can find more details our bounty program page bitcointalk (https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=). ... social media bounty program our social media bounty program will reward you for spreading the word about the savedroid its across various channels such bitcointalk, facebook, twitter, page savedroid ico whitepaper youtube. what you need get the reward tokens you can find our bounty program page bitcointalk (https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=). ... bug bounty program although our smart contracts are already audited described chapter .., still set bug bounty program encourage the blockchain developer community review our smart contracts. the smart contracts will published github january. will release further details where find the smart contract our website (ico.savedroid.com). transparency and trust ... funds escrow all payments cryptocurrencies received for svds connection with the savedroid its will held escrow attorney-at-law axel hellinger admitted the german bar. well-recognized specialist for cryptocurrency and ico law germany and owns established escrow and tax advising firm (https://hellinger.eu, for his speech cryptocurrency law froscon watch: axel hellinger https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cjinwprs). mr. hellinger will hold the its funds until the min cap reached and the respective savedroid tokens are minted. the min cap not reached until the end the main sale, will ensure all funds will returned. funds will not released savedroid before the validation period explained below expires and savedroid proves that the respective savedroid tokens are minted and assigned the buyers throughout the whole pre-sale and main sale our its. the validation period lasts three days and gives participant the chance file complaints they have not received the savedroid tokens their provided wallet before mr. page savedroid ico whitepaper hellinger releases the funds savedroid. the validation period starts when savedroid notifies the participant via email that his savedroid token have been minted. during the validation period, participants can file claims missing savedroid tokens mr. hellinger via the contact details his website (https://hellinger.eu). all payments fiat will processed and managed bank frick, renowned family-run private bank from lichtenstein which among the few banks specialized providing services for icos europe. bank frick will also manage returns, e.g. the min cap not reached. ... security and data protection the savedroid svd wallet secured state-of-the-art security measures following highest industry standards. every year, the security and data protection measures savedroid are audited the tuv saarland group, internationally well renowned german technical inspection authority. savedroid runs numerous tests accordance with best-practices and contract source code verification. addition that, savedroid conducts smart contract audit with the help external partners. this audit will cover the technical aspects all token sale contracts ensure that programmed algorithms work expected. furthermore, potential vulnerabilities will identified beforehand mitigate risks, funds cannot easily attacked third parties. the audit does not guarantee that the code bugfree, but highlights potential weaknesses and areas improvement. addition, will set special bug bounty program described chapter that going encourage the blockchain developer community report all bugs and any security issues that may present. due strong desire put forth the best systems possible, are continuously considering add even more members our team cover all relevant areas, like crypto security experts. page savedroid ico whitepaper status quo roadmap since its launch, savedroid has built fast-growing platform for saving and spending based self-learning algorithms analyzing and optimizing users' personal finances fulfil their wishes and maximize their lifestyle. savedroid has delivered strong momentum with app downloads, saving transactions, high user satisfaction and engagement, user recommendation rate based great ux, convinced many blue chip partners well trusted media and won prestigious awards, and, furthermore, formed experienced and diverse team ai, ux, tech, finance, and marketing experts. thus, savedroid has built proven track record its capabilities simplify complex savings processes and now all set and ready simplify crypto. savedroid fully committed continue its path success and pursue clear roadmap leveraging its existing core assets state-of-the-art technology and great bring cryptocurrency saving and investing the masses. page savedroid ico whitepaper page savedroid ico whitepaper even more detail, savedroid has elaborated quarterly roadmap until consistently expand the savedroid ecosystem fueled crypto saving and investing. our expansion will follow clear-cut step step logic terms geography from europe the world well terms functionality from convenient crypto saving via smart saving and spending and across cryptocurrencies smart investments cryptocurrency portfolios, derivatives, and icos. this will enable savedroid deliver this one-of-a-kind crypto value proposition. page savedroid ico whitepaper page savedroid ico whitepaper page savedroid ico whitepaper page savedroid ico whitepaper financial model savedroid's crypto saving and investing business case may offer significant growth opportunities based maximum simplification, provide average mass market users with easy access cryptocurrencies and drive fast user adoption. based these prosperous market opportunities, our financial experts have prepared excel spreadsheet for you, which you can use easily simulate various svd value scenarios. the excel sheet can downloaded the website using the following link: https://ico.savedroid.com/savedroid%tokenmodel.xlsx. please consider the risks stated below when working with the financial model and interpreting the results. the model based micro-economic model that simulates possible price developments svd third party token exchanges. the model includes parameters for possible future prices and revenues the savedroid crypto services, assumptions for its sales, sell pressure, and savedroid token burn percentage. for more information about the savedroid token economics, please refer chapter above, where the supply and demand model behind the forecasted svd price development explained detail. the charts below, simulated possible outcome illustrate the functioning the model. svd price scenario eur, eur, eur, eur, value svd eur, eur, eur, eur, eur, eur, eur, eur, eur, eur, eur, eur, eur, eur, eur, eur, eur, eur, eur, eur, figure example svd price developments page savedroid ico whitepaper token demand vs. sale ... ... ... ... ... ... ... tokens for sale token demand figure example token demand vs. sale burned tokens ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... total tokens floating tokens burnt figure example token floating vs. burning page savedroid ico whitepaper acknowledgements would like thank everyone who helped with their advice, network, feedback, and much more, shape the savedroid initial token sale over all this time. also wish thank the entire blockchain community for their open mind and their support for bringing cryptocurrencies the average user and, thus, grow cryptocurrencies way beyond today's reach. page savedroid ico whitepaper legal note please read the following sections well the "token sale terms conditions" (sale t&c) and the "token redemption terms conditions" (redemption t&c) carefully. any agreement between savedroid and you participant, and relation any sale and purchase, svd (as referred this whitepaper) governed only separate document, the sale t&c, setting out the applicable terms conditions. any agreement between savedroid and you participant, and relation any redemption svd (as referred this whitepaper) governed only separate document, the redemption t&c, setting out the applicable terms conditions. the redemption t&c are subject constantly update. the event any inconsistencies between any these t&cs and this whitepaper, the former shall prevail. part this whitepaper reproduced, distributed disseminated without including this section and the following sections entitled "legal nature svd and this whitepaper", "disclaimer liability", "no representations and warranties", "cautionary note forward-looking statements", "market and industry information and consent other persons", "terms used", "no advice", "no further information update", "restrictions distribution and dissemination", "no offer securities registration" and "risks and uncertainties". legal nature svd and this whitepaper svd are not intended constitute securities any other form capital investment product any jurisdiction. they not grant any rights any company, dividends, payment any interest, profit participation any other remuneration for the provision capital. they only represent the claim for performance the participant (and its successor) against savedroid relation goods and services offered from time time savedroid against svd. those services are subject change the sole discretion page savedroid ico whitepaper savedroid and roughly described this whitepaper. the purchase svd represents the prepayment (advance) such services. savedroid will deploy all proceeds sale the svd provide the goods and services offered against svd when requested the participant. svd cannot cashed savedroid and savedroid not obliged redeem any svd against cash. this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort. not intended constitute offer for sale of, nor invitation for offer purchase subscribe for, svd general and securities any other form capital investment product particular. this whitepaper also not intended constitute solicitation for investment securities any other form capital investment product any jurisdiction. this whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not taken transmitted any country where distribution dissemination this whitepaper prohibited restricted. disclaimer liability the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations and rules, savedroid shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof. representations and warranties savedroid does not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this whitepaper. the only binding documents are the sale t&c and the redemption t&c. page savedroid ico whitepaper cautionary note forward-looking statements the statements contained this whitepaper may include statements future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based management's current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance events differ materially from those expressed implied such statements. some these statements can identified forward-looking terms such "aim", "target", "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "if", "intend", "may", "plan", "possible", "probable", "project", "should", "would", "will" other similar terms. however, these terms are not the exclusive means identifying forward-looking statements. all statements regarding savedroid's financial position, business strategies, plans and prospects and the future prospects the industry which savedroid are forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements, including but not limited statements savedroid's revenue and profitability, prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters discussed this whitepaper regarding savedroid are matters that are not historic facts, but only predictions. these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements savedroid materially different from any future results, performance achievements expected, expressed implied such forward-looking statements. these factors include, amongst others: changes political, social, economic and stock cryptocurrency market conditions, and the regulatory environment the countries which savedroid conducts its businesses and operations; the risk that savedroid may unable execute implement their respective business strategies and future plans; changes interest rates and exchange rates fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies; changes the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth savedroid; page savedroid ico whitepaper changes the availability and fees payable savedroid connection with its businesses and operations; changes the availability and salaries employees who are required savedroid operate its businesses and operations; changes preferences customers savedroid; changes competitive conditions under which savedroid operate, and the ability savedroid compete under such conditions; changes the future capital needs savedroid and the availability financing and capital fund such needs; war acts international domestic terrorism; occurrences catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts god that affect the businesses and/or operations savedroid; other factors beyond the control savedroid; and any risk and uncertainties associated with savedroid and their businesses and operations, the svd and the its (each referred the whitepaper). all forward-looking statements made attributable savedroid persons acting behalf savedroid are expressly qualified their entirety such factors. given that risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements savedroid materially different from that expected, expressed implied the forward-looking statements this whitepaper, undue reliance must not placed these statements. these forward-looking statements are applicable only the date this whitepaper. neither savedroid nor any other person represents, warrants and/or undertakes that the actual future results, performance achievements savedroid will discussed those forward-looking statements. the actual results, performance achievements savedroid may differ materially from those anticipated these forwardlooking statements. page savedroid ico whitepaper nothing contained this whitepaper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance policies savedroid. further, savedroid disclaims any responsibility update any those forwardlooking statements publicly announce any revisions those forward-looking statements reflect future developments, events circumstances, even new information becomes available other events occur the future. the same applies statements made press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made savedroid its directors, executive officers employees acting behalf savedroid. market and industry information and consent other persons this whitepaper includes market and industry information and forecasts that have been obtained from internal surveys, reports and studies, where appropriate, well market research, publicly available information and industry publications. such surveys, reports, studies, market research, publicly available information and publications generally state that the information that they contain has been obtained from sources believed reliable, but there can assurance the accuracy completeness such included information. save for savedroid and its directors, executive officers and employees, person has provided his her consent the inclusion his her name and/or other information attributed perceived attributed such person connection therewith this whitepaper and representation, warranty undertaking purported provided the accuracy completeness such information such person and such persons shall not obliged provide any updates the same. while savedroid has taken reasonable actions ensure that the information extracted accurately and its proper context, savedroid has not conducted any independent review the information extracted from third party sources, verified the accuracy completeness such information ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon therein. consequently, neither savedroid nor its directors, page savedroid ico whitepaper executive officers and employees acting their behalf makes any representation warranty the accuracy completeness such information and shall not obliged provide any updates the same. terms used facilitate better understanding the svd being offered for purchase savedroid, and the businesses and operations savedroid, certain technical terms and abbreviations, well as, certain instances, their descriptions, have been used this whitepaper. these descriptions and assigned meanings should not treated being definitive their meanings and may not correspond standard industry meanings usage. words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice versa and words importing the masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine and neuter genders and vice versa. references persons shall include corporations. advice this whitepaper does not constitute form part any opinion any advice sell, any solicitation any offer savedroid purchase any svd nor shall any part nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. information this whitepaper should considered business, legal, financial tax advice regarding savedroid, the svd and the its (each referred the whitepaper). each potential participant should consult its own legal, financial, tax other professional adviser regarding savedroid and its businesses and operations, the svd and the its (each referred the whitepaper). you should aware that you may required bear the financial risk any purchase svd for indefinite period time. page savedroid ico whitepaper further information update person has been authorised give any information representation not contained this whitepaper connection with savedroid and its businesses and operations, the svd and the its (each referred the whitepaper) and, given, such information representation must not relied upon having been authorized behalf savedroid. the its (as referred the whitepaper) shall not, under any circumstances, constitute continuing representation create any suggestion implication that there has been change, development reasonably likely involve material change the affairs, conditions and prospects savedroid any statement fact information contained this whitepaper since the date hereof. restrictions distribution and dissemination the distribution dissemination this whitepaper any part thereof may prohibited restricted the laws, regulatory requirements and rules any jurisdiction. the case where any restriction applies, everybody has inform oneself about, and observe, any restrictions which are applicable the possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be) one's own expense and without liability savedroid. persons whom copy this whitepaper has been distributed disseminated, provided access who otherwise have the whitepaper their possession shall not circulate any other persons, reproduce otherwise distribute this whitepaper any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit cause the same occur. offer securities registration this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus any other form capital investment product offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any other form capital investment product solicitation for investment securities any other form capital investment product any page savedroid ico whitepaper jurisdiction. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper. any agreement relation any sale and purchase svd (as referred this whitepaper) governed only the sale t&c such agreement and other document. the event any inconsistencies between the sale t&c and this whitepaper, the former shall prevail. persons are not eligible and are not purchase any svd the its (as referred this whitepaper) they are citizens, residents (tax otherwise) green card holders the united states america, people's republic china citizen resident the republic singapore, socialist republic vietnam resident country where american embargoes and sanctions are force, namely iran, north korea, syria, sudan, cuba any other geographic area which the purchase svd prohibited applicable law, decree, regulation, treaty, administrative act. this whitepaper has not been filed with approved any regulatory authority. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper, nor was such examination approval sought. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. risks and uncertainties the purchase svd associated with significant risks and may lead the loss the contributed amount. there income, earning return related svd. the tradability svd unclear and might very limited. savedroid and its businesses and operations, the svd and the its (each referred this whitepaper) are subject risks and uncertainties. particular, economic and political/regulatory risks may influence the svd and the further business savedroid and the usage svd (up the non-tradability and worthlessness). page savedroid ico whitepaper prospective participants svd (as referred this whitepaper) should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with savedroid and its businesses and operations, the svd and the its (each referred the whitepaper), all information set out this whitepaper and the t&cs prior any purchase svd. any such risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business, financial condition, results operations and prospects savedroid could materially and adversely affected. such cases, participants may lose all part the value the svd. you are any doubt the action you should take, you should consult your legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s). page savedroid ico whitepaper