savenode crypto investing made easy white paper contents: introduction savenode solution savenode specification savenode masternode reward structure roadmap use funds introduction: with only small percentage the population understanding the cryptocurrency space, and even fewer people investing it, it's rather niche market that work in. saying that, there are many people out there who are interested knowing more, starting invest, but they don't know where start. this isn't surprising, you have many options when you dig slightly below the surface. you can buy btc, eth, any the top most widely adopted coins, some more risky alt coins, you can setup masternode, buy into shared masternode. just stake some coins for return. let's not forget crypto futures and the longing and shorting coins. the options are vast, and each one for outsider novice, minefield what do. while the likes coinbase have made the purchase the top (+) easy from fiat crypto, outside that, the options for people buy into the space, invest, require much more in-depth knowledge the space. savenode solution: this where savenode aims itself within the market. making easy invest from your phone, across multiple different investment types crypto. the idea that the savenode app acts both your wallet, and your investment portfolio. where you can choose your risk profile (from high low), amount you wish invest, whether reoccurring one off, and which types investments you'd like make. will offer the ability invest in: top coins alt coins shared/ full masternodes staking this will done phases, make easier add the functionality the mobile app. firstly, will offer the masternode shared masternode and staking options within the app. bringing simplicity people use the app and get and running quickly, without having deal with any the overheads takes get involved now. the savenode app will use machine learning and analyze the chosen risk profile options, well selected markets, produce roi prediction. can this using algorithms trigger events when changes occur within the market, based the chosen configurations the user. can link raw historical coin data with sentiment analysis through the internet, help understand change the market associate with risk levels. this will all happen the backend and pass the risk profile the user, keeping simple and easy use. analytics: when you have your application, you will clearly want know how your portfolio has performed. aim bring you great understanding your data with simple and clear charts. the ability filter down into your data, see what has performed best over what period something want ensure our users can do. why sno? while we'll offer people the ability use btc (etc.) entry point, will offer bonus for those wishing use sno their core currency. returns: the returns investment for individuals will shown based their risk profile, initial investment amount and core currency selected. this will shown the user through the app, which will include the savenode fee. this half the fee other apps charge, who offer anything even remotely similar. our aims are make something upfront and transparent for our users. savenode specifications: masternode collateral: step premine: sno pow end: block algo: xevan rpc port: savenode masternodes: our masternodes use sliding collateral scale, which means the higher the block number, the larger the collateral needed secure your masternode. this makes sure there consistent roi the nodes, well aiming counter any dumping coins, too. the structure rewards are follows: savenode roadmap: grow the community, our aim remains continue push our growth within the community, while selling our staking packages, and presale masternodes. this will give the small runway able number things: list chosen exchanges list masternodes.online commence development work the application further marketing grow the community are already working with some designers the the application different versions, from base sno wallet, staking and masternode options, integrations further currencies the application. top this, will see reaching out other vendors the crypto fintech space see can have any crossover and synergies that will allow some partnerships. aim release the the app use funds: premine allocation dev marketing app project community bounty with nearly being spent the app and development, you can see why you read the solution outline. this something that will require different versions the app, layer the technology and its complications. top that, the funds will used for marketing and community growth. these are both paramount for the success the project and its growth. you have any questions about the savenode project, please contact discord, email hello@savenode.io