scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com white paper blockchain powered sports media english language version scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com contents contents introduction fundamental principles our mission functionality overview reward system built-in instruments for authors statistics center fantasy sports integration commission-free betting exchange basics scorum economic model scorum tokens using scorum coins using scorum power scr scr conversion scr emission and distribution token crowdsale summary scorum team incentive program token crowdsale affiliate program emission and distribution: bounty program scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com registration reward pool activity reward pool witness reward pool founders reward pool steemit users reward pool active owners scr distribution from scorum revenue scr activity reward pool voting power (vp) publication statuses activity reward distribution photographers reward pool product roadmap technical overview blockchain protocol web infrastructure justification for the models used reasons participate the scorum token crowdsale conclusion risk factors and disclaimers scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com introduction their report, nielsen notes that the sports media landscape fragmented ever, with content being consumed from wide variety devices. while passionate fans are eager engage with sports media from all angles, established media corporations are struggling present their content line with the rapid pace technological advancement. this respect, blockchain technology can take the sports media industry new level. are excited introduce innovative sports media platform with its own internal economy based free market principles scorum. scorum blockchain powered sports media that rewards its active users. authors get rewarded for adding their publications, comments and photos while readers gain casting their votes for quality content. scorum's economic model based principles that strive ensure its cryptocurrency supported with the real economy and the benefits are allocated fairly among all the system's participants. the project team has already developed working prototype scorum's statistical center, and our partners and industry experts made possible for formulate optimal product roadmap for the scorum platform. finance further development the platform and distribute tokens future users, scorum offers scorum coins (scr) cryptocurrency during the token crowdsale. scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com fundamental principles our mission our mission jump-start the sports media evolution and enable scorum community members fairly rewarded for sharing their passion for sports. this concept stands stark contrast with the way traditional media businesses operate. scorum the first blockchain-powered sports media platform. aim firmly establish ourselves this niche and ensure stable development our platform. estimate the potential global audience size for the scorum platform billion users aged maximize audience engagement, maintain high content quality and establish active sports enthusiast community, scorum offers the following benefits: fair internal economic model based blockchain technology. built-in instruments for authors (interactive visualization tools, photo database, advanced sports analytics). fully featured statistical centers for various sports. commission-free betting exchange. in-house sports experts who ensure high quality the sports analytics data. given the platform's unique value proposition, scorum believes has what takes become cutting-edge media source the heart which lies passion for sports. scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com functionality overview functionality-wise, scorum new-generation sports media source that features: sports content optimised blogging platform statistics center with integrated services and live streams commission-free fantasy sports platform commission-free betting exchange we've already developed the beta version scorum's statistics center; upon which will base the functionality other services within the platform, including the betting exchange and data visualization tools for bloggers. the fantasy sports platform prototype almost ready. its users will finally able play for tokens. the moment, are also developing special analytics tools for authors using the bi-based services already integrated into the statistics center. thanks our decision start product development with scorum's statistics center, have already received positive feedback about our platform from both sports enthusiasts and professionals. other words, our team scorum well its way transforming these beta features into fully functional platform. develop scorum, will continue focusing the needs the sports community whole well its specific segments. scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com image blogging platform home screen. scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com image blogging platform post. scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com reward system using blockchain technology the platform's foundation, were able create transparent and reliable reward system for scorum authors and active platform members. implement this functionality, issue scorum coins (scr) cryptocurrency and scorum power (sp) tokens. built-in instruments for authors the scorum blogging platform makes easy for content creators design engaging and visually appealing content, which turn allows authors focus their effort writing quality publications about sports. aside from the simple yet feature-rich editing tools, have developed custom solutions for sports writers: widgets displaying statistics center data which can incorporated into publications with just few clicks. built-in photo database where authors can get quality images for their publications. sports analytics tools which allow content creators quickly create interactive data visuals. are developing scorum's features with the focus sports media audience interests which allows preserve the platform's ease use while maintaining its high level functionality. scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com image sports editorial tools. add new graphics choose visualization type back statistics comparison trends statistics single entity: league, team player. compare leagues, teams, players and their stats show how parametres single entity changing time choose choose choose heatmap entity team team manchester city tournament english premiere league show for gameweek gameweek week stats all game stats allow selection players insert scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com statistics center the statistics center provides users with information about various kinds sports well match results, statistical data, player and team profiles, and live match broadcasts. users will also able purchase sporting goods and services like event tickets from our partners. for authors the statistics center offers new generation sports analytics tools that enable content writers create interactive visuals with the help the center's built-in services. services such forecasting system, sports texts analysis, sports chat bots and more will also available within the statistics center. within scorum's partner programs have already integrated microsoft's power and are planning add similar services from google and ibm the future. scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com image statistics center calendar. scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com image match page. scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com image team page. scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com image player page. scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com fantasy sports integration the scorum platform excited offer commission-free fantasy sports league integration within the project. fsat estimates that, the and canada this year one five people actively took part fantasy sports for total almost million participants. this from million with participation data showing consistent growth year over year since these players, over one-third were teenagers and the average age fantasy sports participants years old. players over the age spend average dollars per year participate fantasy sports. all this interest fantasy sports competition drives further engagement with sports media with nearly two-thirds fantasy players saying that they watch more live sports and read more sports coverage result their participation fantasy leagues. scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com image gaming room and lobby. scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com commission-free betting exchange scorum's commission-free sports betting exchange fully capable potentially replacing traditional betting platforms. within scorum, users can quickly and easily bet against each other without having pay any commission extra fees. it's worth noting that the betting exchange not source income for the scorum platform and acts solely marketing tool. furthermore, scorum provides the betting exchange for entertainment value only game skill for users. the betting exchange shall not accessible jurisdictions where may prohibited require further licensing under such jurisdiction's online gambling laws. based data cited the bbc, the potential market volume for the cryptocurrency sports betting market exceeds trillion usd. due the uncertain state regulation global scale the field virtual token betting, cannot guarantee the legality scorum betting exchange platform ability structure and license our future betting exchange platform any given jurisdiction. however, strive responsive and compliant company should face any regulatory inquiry. scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com basics scorum economic model scorum's economic model based the following principles: cryptocurrency needs supported the real economy. all the active participants must benefit. income distribution should objective and fair and controlled the user community. the moment, there are three planned stable revenue sources: internal pay-per-click advertising. content authors will able use promote the content they create. partner programs. within the platform, users will able buy various sports products from our partners: live broadcasts sporting events. event tickets. sports merchandise. other sporting goods. these sporting goods and services will sold discount when purchased with scorum coins instead other currencies. scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com photo database. authors will able use photos for their publications from the large built-in photo database. the photo's value goes scorum. learn more about income distribution scorum, please read the "scr distribution from scorum revenue" section. the mathematical payout allocation and distribution model available google sheets. scorum tokens ensure proper functioning the scorum economy, are issuing the scorum coins (scr) cryptocurrency and the scorum power (sp) internal token. scorum coin (scr) planned operate the scorum platform. can also transferred other users. these are the tokens that will available for purchase during the token crowdsale. scorum power (sp) internal token that needed enable technical interactions between the system's users. value directly proportional ratio scr. using scorum coins scr may used within the scorum platform the following ways: scr owners can purchase partner products and services using scr (see the "basics scorum economic model" section). scr can used pay for in-platform ads (see the "basics scorum economic model" section). scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com scr can used the integrated commission-free sport betting exchange. according data cited the bbc, the size the fiat sports betting market reached the trillion usd mark years ago. difficult obtain more accurate data because the large number market players and its nontransparent economy. however large its size today, plausible assume that all the fiat money the sports betting industry will migrate into commission-free solutions which can only implemented using blockchain technology. scorum aiming dominate this market niche. scr can purchased the scorum website. ensure that buying scr quick and easy, our platform will function intermediary between users and cryptocurrency exchanges. the option buy scr the scorum website will provide additional revenue stream for scorum and will have positive effect scr usability. using scorum power tokens can only used inside the scorum platform. they are needed ensure technical interactions between system users and allocate rewards users including the bounty program rewards. owning has the following advantages: the more sp, the higher the probability get the delegate status and have impact scorum's project development. the more sp, the more influence the user's opinion has within the project (voting power). the more sp, the larger the share the reward pool for owning sp. scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com users can get scorum power for registering the platform well creating content, voting and signing blocks. for more information about ways get sp, please see the "sp emission and distribution" section. order prevent sp's entering the exchanges and protect the system's integrity, will not possible transfer between users. therefore, only scr tokens will available the exchanges (see "scr scr conversion" section) scr scr conversion the scorum platform, the scr-to-sp exchange happens immediately. also possible exchange into scr equal shares within months after conversion process activation (this time frame can later changed the delegates). this measure aimed protecting token holders' interests. scr conversion will available only after adding the internal advertising into the platform. this measure aimed supporting the scr exchange rate increasing the demand for the tokens from the side advertisers. scr emission and distribution finance further development the platform, scorum issuing scorum coins (scr) cryptocurrency and putting for sale token purchasers during the token crowdsale. finite amount scr and tokens will issued. scorum coins cryptocurrency totalling created and sold part the token crowdsale: scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com scr are put sale and used for creation and development the scorum project. scr are distributed part token crowdsale affiliate program. scr are distributed long-term basis among scorum team incentive bonuses. afterwards, scr can produced only means scr conversion. all the scr tokens unsold during token crowdsale will converted into sp. throughout the year, all the received tokens will converted into scr, sold the exchange and used for scorum product development. token crowdsale summary token distribution scr are distributed during the token crowdsale the following stages: scr rate scr usd (fiat currency equivalents here and throughout are provided for informational purposes only; fiat currency will accepted the token crowdsale). total for usd discount from nominal value. scr rate scr usd. total for usd discount from nominal value. scr rate scr usd. total for usd discount from nominal value. scr rate scr usd. total for usd nominal value. scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com funds allocation the raised funds towards the development. most the functions scorum will implemented within the first year, but they will require continued refinement and development the platform grows popularity and expands cover all major sports. much the initial development funds will spent establishing contracts with statistics providers that our statistics center have the latest in-depth sports data for scorum users access. integrating and expanding scorum competitor the sports media industry will require significant funds tailor the design the platform fit the needs and interests each unique fan community. will dedicated marketing. direct way get connected the widest audience sports fans, scorum will use professional athlete promotion the project through its ambassador program. scorum's blogging platform will provide direct connection from athletes their supporters and the partner programs will give the fans exclusive deals buy merchandise endorsed their favorite athletes. scorum ambassadors will make use variety promotional strategies incentivize fan participation scorum including: autographed jersey and merchandise giveaways event ticket lotteries with chance meet and chat with scorum ambassadors live online chats with athletes through scorum's platform personal blog posts and updates scorum scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com active users and fans will get meet and greet ambassadors scorum fest and other regional meet-ups. set aside for legal support, the international and local regulations around cryptocurrency based projects are ever state change. for local and european regulatory advice, rely revera, top business law firm with years experience working with over international clients. also cooperated with velton-zegelman pc, based san francisco. their firm has years experience guiding tech start-ups navigate the international regulation blockchain and cryptocurrency. julian zegelman, partner the company, has also entered our advisory board. according the velton-zegelman resolution, scorum's liquid cryptocurrency has met the requirements utility token according the howey test (see the resolution here). citizens are allowed participate. scorum team incentive program scr are emitted order motivate the employees the company. these tokens will paid bonuses addition salaries until the allocated sum fully paid out. token crowdsale affiliate program scr are available for affiliates who help attract token purchasers for the token crowdsale. every affiliate that participates the program has its unique referral code (the link with the code available users' personal account the scorum token scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com crowdsale website) which can used track scorum coins buyers. the affiliate will receive scr based the amount scr their referral links generate. for example, affiliate placed the link social networks. certain number token purchasers went via this link buy scr. thus the affiliate will get scr. tokens not distributed via this program will destroyed. emission and distribution: bounty program scorum power tokens will emitted the course user registration. maximum will issued. the nominal value scr usd. scorum power tokens will distributed part the bounty program. scorum power distribution: sp-- registration bonuses bonuses for voting and commenting founders steemit users witnesses (users signing blocks) active holders all the rewards from the bounty program are paid tokens, the conversion which into scr will delayed, new scr are expected appear scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com the market small quantities and will directly dependent project's popularity. the system secured against falsified registrations and other attacks thanks the following mechanisms: gradual burning case user inactivity. delayed scr conversion. registration reward pool amount: rewards for registration will allocated stages. each stage, the quantity tokens issued per person will decrease. distribution registration rewards. stage users, thousand registration bonus, stage total, after six months inactivity, the given user for registration will expire. scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com activity reward pool amount: the activity reward pool gets replenished with each registration the scorum website. each new registration results the pool getting replenished equal sums within days. for example, during the first stage when new users get registered, the process pool replenishment begins per user per day for days, which equal total. going forward, the pools collected this manner are distributed among users that were active the website (submitted publications, commented, voted, etc.). activity reward pool distribution. stage users, thousands stage payouts, stage payouts per person scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com witness reward pool amount: distributed between witnesses (delegates signing blocks). founders reward pool amount: distributed between scorum founders their discretion. steemit users reward pool amount: distributed among steemit users. support the audience that already familiar with project similar scorum and have therefore created special pool for steemit users. blockchain snapshot will taken when the scorum coins crowdsale finished. data will recorded here. tokens from our steemit bounty program will distributed equally among steemit users who participate, with bonus for the first hundred entrants, the bounty. tokens are paid public steem address which can activated using personal steem key. active owners amount: distributed between active owners, users whose voting power less than scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com scr distribution from scorum revenue scr tokens are distributed from scorum revenue according the following principles: internal advertising. revenue distributed scr among users. ii. goes scr activity reward pool. goes toward rewarding content creators. goes voting users. paid out active owners (i.e., owners, who actively participate voting measured having less than vp) proportion their account balance. iii. distributed among witnesses (users who sign blocks). the revenue goes support and develop the product, namely, towards the company's r&d center. partner programs. scorum will offer discount all users who choose make payments within the platform using scr. the discount amount will depend conditions negotiated with scorum partners. photo database. the photo's value will its author. goes the photographer reward pool and the remaining goes scorum. scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com scr activity reward pool scorum rewards its active users for creating and engaging with platform content. scorum's advertising revenue scr activity reward pool. this amount distributed among authors publications and readers who evaluate content voting for it. each user can cast their vote for publications and comments scorum's blogging platform well vote for comments within the statistical center. voting power (vp) each user has dynamic parameter voting power (vp) which gets spent during voting and gets fully recovered within hours days). the maximum value equal the user's current amount sp. with each vote, the remaining voting power spent. the more often the user votes, the less power each vote has does not have enough time recover. the more post comment gets, the higher the payout, which distributed between the post's author, commentary creator, photographer well the users who voted for it. reward distribution depends the following factors: the voter that given for the post. the more given for post, the higher the payout. sequence. users that voted earlier get paid higher payout rate. time from the moment publication. the later the voting happens, the smaller the payout. scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com order protect the system from spam voting, implement the following system: during the first minutes after publishing post comment, portion the voters' rewards goes the content creator. vote comment comes within the first minute content publication, rewards will the author. this percentage will gradually down the minute. for example, vote comes the minute after publishing, the rewards will the post's author. users consider the post trendy and valuable, they should share portion their earnings and cast their vote earlier order keep their high. publication statuses scorum publications are categorized into three statuses: new. one has voted for publication and more than hours have passed from the moment its creation. publication does not get any rewards. active. from the moment the first vote has been cast, the post will remain active for days and receives payouts from the and scr activity reward pools. archive. publication has not received any votes for hours, days have passed since the moment its activation, the publication moves into inactive state and does not participate the reward distribution. each user gives part their voting power the moment voting. during its active state, post accrues voting power and participates the reward allocation process from the scr activity reward pool. the tokens from pools are distributed once per minute. the more voting power post gets, the bigger its scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com reward share which gets distributed from the scr activity reward pool. only active posts participate the reward distribution process. activity reward distribution scorum, users get rewarded for being active the platform: from post authors commenters users who cast their votes for posts. the special feature the comment reward system scorum that commenting rewards for posts goes the original post comment. this way authors interesting content get extra rewards their post spurs lively discussions. this commenting reward hierarchy preserved the level. scorum has developed analogous reward system for comments left for entities within the statistics center (players, judges, coaches, clubs, leagues etc.). comment authors get rewarded well all the verified entities within the statistics center. it's important note that scorum will administer payouts only verified entities the statistics center. entity not verified, the tokens are kept their accounts until the verification process complete. such system allows scorum involve sports industry professionals the project. publication author gets: from the publication payout sum. from the payout sum allocated for all authors comments the level. from the payout sum allocated for all authors comments the level. and forth until the comments the level inclusive. scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com comment author gets: from the comment payout sum. from the payout sum for all the comments the level. from the payout sum for all the comments the level. and forth until the comments the level inclusive. statistical center entity gets: from the payout sum for all the comments the level. from the payout sum for all the comments the level. and forth until the comments the level inclusive. user who voted gets: the payout for the publication/comment distributed among all the users who voted for it. photographers reward pool the photographer reward pool continuously replenished with scr accordance with the scorum revenue distribution mechanism. the pool's resources are distributed monthly among authors the photographs that were used publications and/or comments. the success (in voting power) the publication comment also plays role. authors can put their best pictures separate posts and participate their promotion, thereby influencing the reward distribution two reward pools: for submitting photograph and for activity author the publication. scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com product roadmap different structural parts the project are currently various stages completion. both user and technical tests the features already developed are going well, and have firm plans launch partially limited scorum version the beginning with the blogging platform and the reward system added and ready use. the initial stages scorum's existence, have determined the two strategic markets for our product europe and north america. using the already developed statistics center for soccer reference, will gradually rolling out support for all popular sports from around the globe. december fantasy sports platform prototype march blockchain and online wallet launch april fantasy sports platform with scr integration may the scorum blogging platform featuring its integrated reward distribution system goes live. microsoft's power integration goes public. june the betting exchange will open that users can bet against each without commission. july the advertising system will implemented with revenue directed the scr activity reward pool. september sports data visualizations for the blogging platform will live with integrated photo database mvp. october we'll add the most popular usa sports leagues the statistical center. scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com technical overview there are three technical blockchain components that make the scorum sports media platform: the blockchain protocol, web infrastructure and data analytics services. blockchain protocol the blockchain protocol the most essential part the scorum project. any public blockchain must contain economic stimuli aimed rewarding those project participants that support the protocol well penalties for those who try compromise it. because the the technical complexity modeling and development the unique economic system the scorum blockchain protocol, have decided rely ready-made solutions whenever possible. many the technical components blockchain models similar scorum have already been developed and successfully used other projects. have picked what believe the best blockchain solutions available and applied them the development scorum. the graphene framework used develop the blockchain protocol for scorum. this solution has already proved itself both reliable and highly capable such successful blockchain projects bitshares, steemit, and golos. the scorum blockchain uses the dpos (delegated proof-of-stake) consensus algorithm. the key advantage this algorithm its high-traffic network capacity transactions per second. such performance made possible thanks combination several factors: scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com the schedule for the nodes signing blocks known ahead time. effective transaction processing each node. all data necessary for validating transactions stored the memory. scorum blockchain, production new blocks made delegates and takes place according the schedule made for the following round. the schedule for each round made according the protocol. more specifically, delegates are chosen who will signing the blocks. them are chosen according user votes. them selected from the delegate queue; the delegate with the largest number scorum power tokens gets chosen for the upcoming block signing round. each user can participate block signing thereby playing active role the decision making process what type information becomes part the scorum blockchain. order make the list delegates chosen sign blocks for the following round, user needs either become one the top most popular candidates according user votes buy sufficient amount scorum power and wait for their turn the queue among all the remaining candidates that didn't make the top- list. block production synchronization among delegates (witnesses) carried out according the ntp protocol which being used successfully other blockchain systems (bitshares, steemit and golos). order provide users with opportunity perform transactions within the scorum blockchain network without having spend their resources, came with the free transaction model for the platform which made possible the system dynamically calculating bandwidth capacity each user. blockchain protocol set technology solutions responsible for both development and proper execution user interaction protocol inside scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com specialized network. blockchain also develops protocol rules and makes sure they are executed client supporting the protocol. this case, the client cross-platform application with open source code publicly available for analysis and use any interested parties. make the scorum blockchain deployment process more convenient, provide each new protocol version docker image which allows avoid the peculiarities various operating systems and environments. this turn allows our users easily utilize the client, which especially important for delegates who need keep the nodes active within the network order take part block production rounds. these docker images public nodes are also deeply integrated into the system continuous web infrastructure expansion the scorum platform. web infrastructure console application sufficient for interacting with the blockchain scorum node. however, manual formatting and sending the transaction accordance with the protocol far from user-friendly. that's why developing convenient and secure user interface one our key development objectives. allow for seamless and quick access scorum web interface, will create cluster various containers within the windows azure cloud. use azure container service expand, support and orchestrate the docker-container cluster with scorum blockchain nodes. this highly reliable solution allows ensure availability even during peak load times well flexibly scale the cluster depending incoming request volume. azure search allows scorum users effectively search through the content found scorum blockchain. this, keep eye all the notes located the blockchain and create indexes for them azure search. such scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com indexing allows provide users with the most relevant search results considering such criteria user language and variability the searched phrase. use azure content delivery network allow users load pages immediately, regardless where they are the world. justification for the models used two fully functional products built using blockchain technology, steemit and golos, with the blogging components analogous scorum, have already demonstrated their market success. according coinmarketcap, september, steem one the top largest cryptocurrencies with market capitalization reaching usd. while golos, its turn, successful localized version steemit demonstrating dynamic growth. have taken certain elements from these projects and applied them scorum. namely: the general idea income distribution among users. fair payout distribution model. technical components the platform, particularly the dpos consensus. the same time, have significantly improved and adapted the above models the needs the sports industry and have greatly enhanced the economic component the platform: scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com introducing advertising inside the platform. striving create sustainable ecosystem scorum, have introduced option purchase advertising scr with prices starting lower rate than the market average. this measure aimed protecting the scr exchange rate from volatility. additional opportunities use scr which expected help further increase token value. finite scr and emission which increases scr value. economically viable existence the r&d center which supported stable sources income (see the "basics scorum economic model" for details). operating costs support the scorum ecosystem are substantially decreased the r&d center located minsk, belarus, where possible create technology products the highest quality low prices. reasons participate the scorum token crowdsale compared traditional sports media, the scorum project offers sports fans multitude benefits. our unique value proposition will lead large sports audiences choosing our platform over the established media, which expected result quick scorum tokens distribution. turn, the economy the scorum project based stable monetization system which gives scr real value. here are the defining factors that make scr cryptocurrency attractive token purchasers: favorable conditions forecast scr value and utility. scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com extensive sports betting market. according data cited the bbc, the fiat betting market valued trillion usd. this money allocated among traditional sports betting platforms where commission fees can high can assume that users will migrate away from traditional venues and towards commissionfree projects. thanks blockchain technology, scorum allows its users make commission-free bets. after launching cpc advertising system nominal value one click the scorum platform will usd, whereas other traffic providers charge much usd per click (the data can verified via google adwords). this will significantly increase the platform's attractiveness for advertisers and leads increased demand for scr. discounts for our partners' sporting goods and services offered those users who choose pay for them scr, which further increases the demand for scr tokens. according estimates the university cambridge, the number cryptocurrency holders had reached .m. however high the number may today, scorum has potential expand cryptocurrency user audience billion people providing inherent advantages for its users: users can easily enjoy taking part scorum's cryptocurrency economy which rewards their everyday interests with tangible and straightforward benefits. minimal barriers entry: user becomes scorum power owner right after registering scorum. scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com conclusion thanks the blockchain technology and stable internal economy, scorum creates favorable system satisfy sports enthusiasts' and professionals' key needs. all this makes the project attractive for both users and token purchasers. scorum white paper www.scorumcoins.com risk factors and disclaimers this document does not constitute offer sell, invitation induce offer, solicitation offer acquire securities. this document provided for informational purposes only and does not constitute investment advice. the sale scr tokens constitutes the sale legal software product under gibraltar law. this product sale conducted scorum ltd, gibraltar private limited company, operating under gibraltar law. the responsibility each potential purchaser scr tokens determine the purchaser can legally purchase scr tokens the purchaser's jurisdiction and whether the purchaser can then resell the scr tokens another purchaser any given jurisdiction. all potential risks can assessed here. our white paper may contain 'forward-looking statements' that is, statements related future, not past, events. this context, forward-looking statements often address our expected future business and organizational plans, the performance, and development scorum sports media platform integrated with blockchain, and often contain words such 'expect', 'anticipate', 'intend', 'plan', 'will', 'would', 'estimate', 'forecast' 'target'. such forward-looking statements their nature address matters that are, different degrees, uncertain. cannot guarantee that any forward looking statements, backtests experiments made expected results operation scorum sports media platform will correlate with the actual future facts results. [for the convenience our users, scorum white paper, website and other related documents are available number languages. the event there any conflict between the english language version and foreign language version, the english language version shall govern.]