six domain chain technical whitepaper draft for open community review and subject change. table contents abstract........................................................................................... background and significance this project......................... issues and solutions for iot development.................... application analysis blockchain and iot combination- sdchain's design objectives and applications...................... concepts design and construction objectives..........- business model and application scenarios................... dapp practical applications: agricultural iot............. sdchain's architecture and technical solutions.................... communication....................................................... encryption algorithm..................................................... consensus algorithm......................................................- smart contract................................................................ decentralised dapp........................................................- issuance iot digital assets..........................................- cross chain smart contract model................................- ecosystem roadmap community management architecture- sdchain's ecosystem roadmap.................................... sdchain's ecosystem business model..........................- sdchain's community management architecture........ foundation auditing........................................................ roadmap................................................................................. risk warning.......................................................................... notice nothing this whitepaper constitutes legal, financial, business tax advice and you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional adviser before engaging any activity connection sixdomainchain herewith. foundation pte. neither ltd. (the foundation), any the project team members who have worked the sdchain platform (as defined herein) project develop the sdchain platform any way whatsoever (the sdchain team) nor any service provider shall liable for any kind direct indirect damage loss whatsoever which you may suffer connection with accessing this whitepaper, materials produced the foundation, accessing the website https://sdchain.io/ any other materials published the foundation. all contributions will applied towards the foundation's objects, including without limitation promoting the research, design and development of, and advocacy for the combination iot technology and developments blockchain technology establish efficient coordination mechanism between users and objects the physical world and digital asset resources, create new infrastructure all things general, thereby promoting efficiency and bringing benefits various industries. this whitepaper intended for general informational purposes only and does not constitute prospectus, offer document, offer securities, solicitation for investment, any offer sell any product, item asset (whether digital otherwise). the information herein below may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. there assurance the accuracy completeness such information and representation, warranty undertaking purported provided the accuracy completeness such information. where this whitepaper includes information that has been obtained from third party sources, the foundation and/or the sdchain team have not independently verified the accuracy completion such information. this whitepaper does not constitute any offer the foundation the sdchain team sell any sda (as defined herein) nor shall any part nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. nothing contained this whitepaper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance the sdchain platform. the agreement between the foundation (or its affiliate) and you, relation any sale and purchase sda governed only the separate terms and conditions such agreement. accessing this whitepaper any part thereof, you represent and warrant the foundation, its affiliates and the sdchain team follows: (a) you acknowledge, understand and agree that sda may have value, there guarantee representation value liquidity for sda, and sda not for speculative investment; (b) none the foundation, its affiliates, and/or the sdchain team members shall responsible for liable for the value sda, the transferability and/or liquidity sda and/or the availability any market for sda through third parties otherwise; (c) any decision purchase any sda, you have not relied any statement set out this whitepaper; (d) you will and shall your own expense ensure compliance with all laws, regulatory requirements and restrictions applicable you (as the case may be); and (e) you acknowledge, understand and agree that you are not eligible purchase any sda you are citizen, national, resident (tax otherwise), domiciliary and/or green card holder geographic area country (i) which access participation the sda token sale the sdchain platform prohibited applicable law, decree, regulation, treaty, administrative act, and/or (ii) where likely that the sale sda would construed the sale security (howsoever named) investment product (including without limitation the u.s., people's republic china and the republic korea). the foundation and the sdchain team not and not purport make, and hereby disclaims, all representations, warranties undertaking any entity person. prospective purchasers sda should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties (including financial and legal risks and uncertainties) associated with the sda token sale, the foundation and the sdchain team. the information set out this whitepaper for community discussion only and not legally binding. the agreement for sale and purchase sda shall governed separate token purchase agreement setting out the terms and conditions such agreement (the token purchase agreement), which shall separately provided you made available https://sdchain.io/ prior the sale any sda. the event any inconsistencies between the token purchase agreement and this whitepaper, the token purchase agreement shall prevail. all statements contained this whitepaper, statements made press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made the foundation and/or the sdchain team may constitute forward-looking statements (including statements regarding intent, belief current expectations with respect market conditions, business strategy and plans, financial condition, specific provisions and risk management practices). you are cautioned not place undue reliance these forward-looking statements given that these statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results materially different from that described such forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements are applicable only the date this whitepaper and the foundation and the sdchain team expressly disclaims any responsibility (whether express implied) release any revisions these forward-looking statements reflect events after such date. this whitepaper may translated into language other than english and the event conflict ambiguity between the english language version and translated versions this whitepaper, the english language version shall prevail. you acknowledge that you have read and understood the english language version this whitepaper. part this whitepaper copied, reproduced, distributed disseminated any way without the prior written consent the foundation. abstract since the birth bitcoin, blockchain and cryptocurrencies have been flourishing vigorously. however, most current blockchain projects are still the basic level token issuance and exchange virtual information there are very few digital assets which have real value widely used establish practical business ecosystem. other words, especially there lacks effective symbiotic mechanism between the physical world and digital world. future development the blockchain ecosystem inevitably requires mutually beneficial situations symbiosis between the physical and digital economy. iot (internet things) will major connection both the physical world and also the digital world. one hand, iot can establish efficient coordination mechanism between users and objects the physical world, thus promoting efficiency and bringing benefits various industries, addition new "wisdom revolution". the other hand, with potential size tens billion possibilities and high concurrency for transactions; iot has the potential create huge, high-value and steady streams digital asset resources for blockchain. meanwhile, this connection need both physical and digital worlds will promote the establishment value system digital assets and network credit, order achieve multilateral prosperity both digital and physical ecosystems. the combination iot and blockchain will create new infrastructure all things general. sixdomainchain platform the world's first decentralised public blockchain ecosystem for data exchange that integrates international standards iot six-domain model and reference architecture standards for distributed blockchain (sdchain platform), which would operate its own native blockchain (sdchain). the design sdchain gives full consideration iot characteristics and requirements business ecosystem construction. specific fields like issuance digital assets, management users' credits and identities, communication, encryption algorithm, consensus algorithm, smart contracts, cross-chain smart contract model, market consensus incentives, decentralised dapp (distributed applications) and fast access new businesses, sdchain optimises current blockchain infrastructure depth. seamlessly implementing the underlying sdchain blockchain infrastructure and iot application ecosystem, the sdchain platform will create business ecosystem with benign, rapid and sustainable development, enabling sdchain platform have coexistence tokens, blockchain and industrial iot. reliable blockchain ecosystem based iot digital assets will established, and efficient way realise the circulation and value transformation reliable digital assets will formed well. this manner, sdchain will become global benchmark for the integration iot and blockchain ecosystem. core business sdchain includes: regarding application requirements specific industry, and based iot six-domain model reference architecture, sdchain will enable the establishment business ecosystem and dapps thereon for agricultural iot, industrial iot, energy iot and applicable verticals. will also provide issuance digital assets for different dapps, well services credit identity registration and management, data storage, verification and inquiry blockchain, smart contract setup, trigger and automatic account division for various iot users and equipment subjects sdchain. sdchain will ensure the consistency, authenticity and non-manipulation the data and establish acm (asymmetric credit mechanism) between people and objects guarantee the safety, efficiency and value data assets interconnection. sda (six domain assets) the native digital asset token used the sdchain platform. sda will issued based predetermined quota. sda intended utilised solely the sdchain platform (when fully completed and deployed), unit exchange for consumption services and payment for transactions the sdchain platform, well the incentive which will encourage participants establish consensus for digital assets sdchain, thereby contributing and maintaining the ecosystem the sdchain platform. sda does not any way represent any shareholding, participation, right, title, interest the foundation, its affiliates, any other company, enterprise undertaking, nor will sda entitle token holders any promise fees, revenue, profits investment returns, and are not intended constitute securities singapore any relevant jurisdiction. sda may only utilised the sdchain platform, and ownership sda carries rights, express implied, other than the right use sda means enable usage and interaction with the sdchain platform. particular, you understand and accept that sda: (a) non-refundable cannot exchanged for cash (or its equivalent value any other virtual currency) any payment obligation the foundation any affiliate; (b) does not represent confer you any right any form with respect the foundation (or any its affiliates) its revenues assets, including without limitation any right receive future revenue, shares, ownership right stake, share security, any voting, distribution, redemption, liquidation, proprietary (including all forms intellectual property), other financial legal rights equivalent rights, intellectual property rights any other form participation relating the sdchain platform, the foundation and/or its service providers; (c) not intended representation money (including electronic money), security, commodity, bond, debt instrument any other kind financial instrument investment; (d) not loan the foundation any its affiliates, not intended represent debt owed the foundation any its affiliates, and there expectation profit; and (e) does not provide you with any ownership other interest the foundation any its affiliates. the contributions the token sale will held the foundation (or its affiliate) after the token sale, and contributors will have economic legal right over beneficial interest these contributions the assets that entity after the token sale. the extent secondary market exchange for trading sda does develop, would run and operated wholly independently the foundation, the sale sda and the sdchain platform. the foundation will not create such secondary markets nor will act exchange for sda. based many encrypted blockchain digital assets resources the sdchain platform, convenient establish multilateral cooperation with new business ecosystems, find potential venues for co-operation, incubate innovative applications, and drive the coordinated development iot technology, artificial intelligence innovations, iot financial service innovations, services supply chain traceability, and other market service innovations with high efficiency. background and significance this project issues and solutions for iot development iot the information technology for the new generation, and its value and significance has been widely recognised the society. currently, the iot industry has completed the initial phase development, with the groundwork for large-scale applications rapidly laid, with the development the entire industry critical point. however, due the complexity iot and its difficulty integrating with other industries, there remain challenges for implementing iot, well various security and privacy issues. currently, the iot industry mainly focuses infrastructure construction and localised innovations, the great potential and value integration with various industries has not been explored depth. specifically: first, iot involves chips, modules, equipment, network, platforms, applications, data and other parts the chain, addition complex technical fields. market channels have not been opened yet, therefore the transfer value very slow. second, current systems for interactions and cooperation among all types users, objects, conception control equipment, service platforms, regulation platforms, third-party resources platforms, credit and value systems are not mature; this increases the difficulty iot integration with various industries. third, most centralised iot platforms for manufacturers and services providers collect and analyze users' data and control users' devices without permission authorisation from these users; such situation poses great threat users' own privacy and security. addition, due the complexity integration iot with traditional industries, where the lack market operation coupled with closed business modes, the development iot relatively slow. solve this issue, the first thing create system framework capable integrating traditional industry with iot. more importantly, there need ensure the legal identity iot devices well the validity, authenticity, consistency, tamper-resistance data, which will determine whether iot can applied key part areas such agricultural production, supply chain traceability services, finance and insurance innovations. the breakthrough solution for this issue would complete integration iot system and blockchain distributed ecosystem. one hand, based the guidance provided the "six-domain model" iot framework standard (iso/iec dis, gb/t-), planned that iot operation service system would set the sdchain platform, thus ensuring the effectiveness, and sustainability the system (as shows figure the other hand, blockchain technology used underlying operation platform this decentralised ecosystem, which enables the construction iot credit system and value system (as shows figure figure agricultural iot framework based six-domain model (example) figure the framework iot and blockchain integration iot "six-domain model" reference architecture systematically sorts out correlational factors complex iot applications, makes analysis from different angles, and sets major rules regarding different business functions. specifically, sets rules for six main areas follows: iot user domain (definition user and demand), target domain (ensuring the correlation with "objects"), sensing control domain (setting schemes for sensing and control, namely correlation between different "objects"), service domain (processing original and semi-original data for corresponding users), operation and governance domain (managing security, reliability, stability and precision from both technical level and system level), and resources exchange domain (establishing closed loop iot business model achieving sharing and exchange between single iot application system and external system information and resources from the market). furthermore, these domains will connected one another the business logic this network, therefore forming individual iot industrial ecosystem. single industrial iot ecosystem can then form new collaborative system with other industries their respective domains resources exchanged. application analysis blockchain and iot combination applying blockchain technology the device's identity permission management, smart contract mechanism, data security, privacy protection and data resources transaction mechanisms, there have been many breakthroughs far. this will support integration with other users iot, well various financial and insurance resources available the network. doing so, will reshape online and offline open value system and credit system, which may further expand the space iot add-on services and industry general. iot will play important roles fields agriculture, industry, medicine, health, environment protection, transportation, security, finance, insurance, object traceability, supply chain, smart city, and others. result, big transition from general information the internet value information iot may achieved. experiments into the application blockchain technology iot have started around currently some domestic and international corporations and research institutions have looked into this field, and have applied blockchain technology into many sub-fields iot. for example, the bluemix project (october has incorporated blockchain services based iot with blockchain solution for truck tracking. there also the blocklet project, which connects all electronic devices the blockchain build iot system, which adopts blockchain technology ensure that the accuracy agricultural data from smart farms not tampered with. september wanxiang holdings released plan invest billion rmb "wanxiang innovation hub", which includes blockchain, iot, artificial intelligence, microelectronics, and other latest technologies implement new decentralised energy trading and management system. yet another example agriledger, which provides free low-cost smart phones for individual farmers and agricultural corporations, and each smart phone contains agricultural production management blockchain application. this application first records all relevant information onto the blockchain, and then helps individual farmers enjoy economies scale from joint production and sales. also, this application makes the crop supply chain more transparent, and reduces corruption, theft and other negative incidents. due the complexity cross-boundary and cross-industry issues, most current projects which focus the integration blockchain and iot are still the early stages their individual private chain consortium chain. there are some public chain iot projects, which are still the preliminary stages token issuance simple application business support. the other hand, iot applications different industries have common references for design, and also resource sharing and collaboration needs. therefore, considering characteristics the iot ecosystem, necessary establish public blockchain infrastructure, which able provide comprehensive support services. taking the agricultural industry example, currently, there are significant challenges facing both agricultural development and food quality. one hand, agricultural resources are widely dispersed but isolated, farming facilities and services are quite weak, not easy direct technological and financial resources agriculture industry, while income for most farmers are low. result, there urgent need increase the quality and efficiency the current agriculture industry. the other hand, current food safety still remains issue. the supply chain too long and the credit system weak, thus difficult for consumers effectively identify and find safe and high-quality food. therefore, there also urgent need improve the current food quality assurance practice. current centralised and localised solutions are not able control and track all steps the journey agricultural products from the farmland the dining table, and realise complete upgrade existing food quality assurance practice, because the current ecosystem (i.e. information service platform, e-commerce agricultural equipment, product merchants, logistics and fintech resources) still disperse. the core issue lies the failure create substantial economies scale for agriculture and the difficulty establishing cooperative credit system for agricultural supply chain. the solution this issue will come through various levels. one hand, iot may applied agricultural production and circulation, order improve traditional operational efficiency, raise the level food quality, unleash agriculture potential and create economies scale. the other hand, blockchain technology and its decentralised model will link agricultural digital assets from iot, establish complete credit cooperation system, and solve current pain points agricultural transition and agricultural consumption upgrade. doing so, this can bring more income for farmers and guarantee food security and quality for consumers. meanwhile, iot will create good amount digital assets resources for blockchain. its future potential economic value and social values are huge well; the combination both iot and blockchain will bring smart revolution agricultural industry result. sdchain's design objectives and applications concepts design and construction objectives iot "six-domain model" international standard framework provides important reference point for iot applications different industries and establishment closed business loop; will conducive the development iot industry, especially for optimisation division labor and application ecosystem the industry. however, the construction credit and value system, this framework still requires integration and support from the decentralised blockchain technology. sdchain designed address the various requirements and business needs from different companies and users with the iot six-domain model, such iot business users, iot device users, iot service platform users, iot operation, regulatory platform users, third-party business cooperation users, property owner users and others. will optimise depth for current blockchain technology, specifically sub-fields digital assets issuance, credit user identity management, communication, encryption algorithm, consensus algorithm, smart contracts, cross-chain smart contract models, market consensus incentives, decentralised dapps and fast access new business, ensure the benign, fast and sustainable development sdchain ecosystem. doing so, will promote the coexistence token, blockchain and iot technologies, achieve efficient circulation and transition digital assets credit, therefore sdchain will become universal benchmark promote the real social development through the combination iot and blockchain. business model and application scenarios core business sdchain includes: according application requirements the particular industry and iot six-domain model for referential framework, dapps will established operators from each industry, such agricultural iot, industrial iot, energy iot. sdchain will provide digital assets issuance for each dapp, and also provide different users with digital credit identity registration and management sdchain, allowing recording data onto blockchain, authorisation and search for data, smart contract set-up and trigger, automatic split well other services. will ensure the consistency, authenticity and tamper-resistance data, and establish the asymmetric credit mechanism between people and objects (acm), guarantee the safe and effective interconnection data assets. issuance sda distribution schedule sda will used the unit exchange for facilitating digital assets transactions and payment for services transactions the sdchain platform, well the incentive which would consumed encourage participants establish ledger consensus for digital assets sdchain, thereby contributing and maintaining the ecosystem the sdchain platform. sda may also used the foundation for purposes application ecosystem incubation, community construction, business cooperation and promotion sdchain platform. the continued development the sdchain platform, blockchain industry and iot, will generate value for the entire industry the same time. based large encrypted blockchain data resources blockchain, the sdchain platform intended create mutually beneficial ecosystem tap potential values, incubate innovative applications and drive iot technology grow efficiently with artificial intelligence innovations, iot financial service innovations, supply chain traceable service innovations and market service innovations. dapp practical applications: agricultural iot the sdchain platform, when completed, will focus one the primary needs society namely upgrading the food consumption chain, developing the first agricultural iot system based sdchain agricultural iot dapp. the sdchain platform will use look towards applying iot the fishing business market entry point, because relatively mature and has high level data openness. establishing system models and integrating with primary plantations (such those for grain, oil, fruit, vegetables, tea leaves), livestock (such chicken, pig, cattle, sheep) and other agricultural iot applications, the sdchain platform will promote agricultural production and circulation well continuous improvement digital credit system consumption. thus, one hand, the sdchain platform will provide iot and financing resources for agricultural producers and supply chain, with increase agricultural benefits result. the other hand, the sdchain platform will increase the add-on value agricultural brand ensure that consumers can have safe, healthy and efficient supply food. the sdchain platform designed gradually establish prosperous, collaborative modern agriculture blockchain ecosystem, which can model mechanism for other iot application dapp within the sdchain platform (such textile iot, energy iot, healthcare iot, smart home, smart parking, smart fire prevention, smart environment protections and on). the sdchain platform will establish the important foundation for the widespread adoption decentralised ecosystem value. looking the agricultural industry example, its application scenarios mainly includes iot supervision agricultural service operation, agricultural e-commerce transaction services, agricultural e-commerce transaction and brand services, agricultural, fintech and insurance services. meanwhile, the sdchain platform will further support development agricultural innovation research and development (such seed coverage, forage, fertilizer, pharmacy, biology, equipment), agricultural devices research and development, issuance digital assets, market analysis agricultural products, price index agricultural materials and products, credit scores, crowd-funding transactions agricultural resource use, equipment rental, logistics resource sharing, agriculture tourism services, agricultural travel live stream, social events, rankings, brand advertisement, training, agricultural innovation space and other development innovation applications. agricultural iot operational supervision services: data gathered from agricultural iot equipment will synchronised onto blockchain, and provide identity authentication for both devices and users, data verification, data upload blockchain, data inquiry and smart contract services. doing so, the sdchain platform will constantly create new agricultural data assets. agricultural supply chain traceability and e-commerce transaction services: data regarding agricultural material transactions will uploaded completely blockchain, guarantee quality and utility the traceability services; meanwhile, smart contract set-up, smart contract trigger and automatic accounting services will also provided. agricultural products traceable e-commerce transaction and brand services: data agricultural transitions will recorded the blockchain for the whole process, making quality and transaction identity traceable all times; meanwhile, smart contract set-up, smart contract trigger and automatic accounting services will also provided. agricultural iot finance and insurance services: the sdchain platform will support provision technology credit loans and technology insurance finance, insurance, third-party technology service platforms, farmers, supply chain smart contract services. this will simplify current valuation and business procedures. issuance new agricultural digital assets: providing new agricultural digital assets issuance platforms through the sdchain platform, the whole digital token ecosystem will enriched and sdchain will become bedrock blockchain operation platform for agriculture. agricultural research services: through the gathering big data information the sdchain platform, can provide blockchain data inquiry services for seed, forage, fertilizer, pharmacy, biology and facilities. agricultural iot and system research and development services: based framework standards sdchain and iot six-domain model, the sdchain platform will support agricultural iot standard construction, which includes research and development international iot and blockchain standard levels device, platform, system, data and services. market analysis agricultural products: based distributed market resources connected the sdchain platform, can support big data market analysis agricultural products, well blockchain data inquiry services. price index for agricultural materials and products: based agricultural material and products data linked the sdchain platform, price index for agriculture may set provide data inquiry services for enterprises the agricultural chain, farmers, commodity transactions, consumer organisations and individuals. can used support business innovations well. agricultural credit score: based the analysis various types business the network the sdchain platform, credit score may assigned for different types users blockchain, which can further activate potential digital asset resources. crowd-funding the right use for agricultural resources: the right use can uploaded blockchain and then can crowd-funded for plantation, farms, fishing pools and other agricultural resources. the sdchain platform would allow participants set smart contracts for industrial co-operation, addition various other services. agricultural device rental: promoting expensive important agricultural devices and other digital assets sdchain, financing and rental services through the usage sda can realised result. logistics resources sharing: based service requests from agricultural products logistics information linked via the sdchain platform, the sharing and allocation logistics resources can maximised. can significantly optimise logistic resources sharing and allocation. result, will more efficient undertake business, transportation and use sda for settlement. agriculture tourism services: based the sdchain platform, and consumer resources, evaluation, inquiry payment and other agriculture tourism services can provided well. agricultural live stream: due the linking via the sdchain platform agricultural products and resources from agricultural tourism bases, objective and live stream can promoted, addition relevant video-on-demand, with settlement made sda. social network: based participant interests and subject matter notified and linked via the sdchain platform, various social events may organised promote multi-culture development, such meet-ups, meetings, exhibition, and these may all use sda participatory notes. ranking: based different types data accumulated sdchain, various rankings based agricultural material, agricultural products, technology, consumption can established, thus promoting the benign development the ecosystem. brand advertisement: based large-scale consumer and user groups linked via the sdchain platform, targeted advertisement may introduced users the sdchain platform, addition creating collaborative value agricultural products brand, with sda used payment advertisers. training: based expert resources and data resources linked via the sdchain platform, various types training and experience sharing sessions can held, with training providers receiving sda incentive for participating. agricultural innovation space: based extensive resources linked via the sdchain platform, can provide relevant services for agricultural innovation space different regions, and different types resources can obtained opened through various channels the sdchain platform. innovation application development: based resources linked via the sdchain platform, sdchain users can rapidly disseminate their development requirements. also, sdchain can provide development resources for developers and allow these developers monetize their applications. agricultural iot dapp the sdchain platform one the agricultural iot sub-applications under the six-domain iot framework. establishes distributed blockchain ecosystem deal with credit digital assets during the agricultural production process, including: registration, storage, authorisation, transaction and services these digital assets. through the construction and operation collaborative systems the sdchain platform, more innovations from agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry and fishery will continuously emerge, thus promoting agricultural production, circulation and improvement digital credit system consumption fields. one hand, will bring resources and power iot and financial services for agricultural producers and supply chain, thereby increasing agricultural profits. the other hand, increasing the add-on values for brands agricultural products, consumers will have better opportunities access safe and high-quality food supply. meanwhile, billions potential terminals agricultural iot with highly concurrent transactions will create huge amount digital assets sdchain, providing the most powerful support for the continuous growth and development the sdchain platform ecosystem. sdchain's architecture and technical solutions based iot six-domain model system, sdchain designed able efficiently categorise its users, which mainly include individuals, enterprises, government agencies, property owners, iot operation providers, iot devices, and various operators the industrial chain, such as: equipment providers, online e-commerce businesses, financial institutions, logistics companies. according characteristics its users and the users' blockchain businesses, sdchain will modularize its infrastructure, order provide multi-dimensional and multi-role protection, data privacy, confidentiality, distributed data storage, credible data access and transactions sdchain's strong underlying security. learn more about the composition this blockchain system, necessary look the function view sdchain's reference framework. this function view describes typical functional components sdchain system through the hierarchical structure "four horizontal and four vertical levels", shows figure this figure includes user layer, service layer, core layer, and base layer with additional cross-layer functionalities. figure functional components blockchain reference framework the user layer designed address users' needs for portal entrance. through this portal entrance, execution and client related management functions could activated, addition maintenance and use blockchain services. users may also use blockchain services transfer the output provide support for cross-layer blockchain services. the service layer provides unified access and node management services. the core layer core functional layer the blockchain system, which includes the consensus mechanism, time-sequence services, privacy protection, encryption, summary and digital signatures and many other modules. further, according different application scenarios, users may add automatic executable smart contract modules default logic. the base layer provides necessary operation environment and components for the blockchain system, such data storage, operation container, communication network and others. meanwhile, response the needs blockchain research and development, this function view also includes "development, operation, security, auditing" four cross-layer system. functional components the four cross-layer system interact with abovementioned three layers components and provide support for the entire system general. the following brief description core functions the base layer sdchain: communication communication the core blockchain. has all the characteristic decentralisation, scalability, privacy and high performance. the efficiency network communication very important the overall performance blockchain, especially the speed the whole blockchain network. designed specifically for iot devices and users connected the sdchain platform, sdchain will optimise depth for areas communication maintenance, address confirmation, communication mechanism and storage plans. specifying associated physical configuration and size clients and consensus nodes, sdchain will adopt sharding mechanism and high-speed internet connection, decrease the burden consensus communication, calculation and storage, therefore further improve transactional performance the blockchain, and achieve maximum performance iot devices. this also guarantees iot devices registration, digitalisation and authorisation the future. encryption algorithm encryption key part blockchain, particular, the hash function and asymmetric encryption algorithm. hash function: currently, there are many algorithms for hash function such sha and md, well series and parallel use the algorithm. since most commercial applications focus more performance, sdchain will adopt sha its basic algorithm. asymmetric encryption algorithm: this includes rsa, dsa, elliptic curve algorithm and others. blockchain mainly adopts elliptic curve algorithm like ecdsa and schonorr. since schnorr has faster signature verification speed compared ecdsa, its signature has smaller size and supportive native multiple signature. schnorr accordance with the small volume size iot; therefore sdchain would adopting its own version sdschnorr based schnorr. meanwhile, the modular design sdchain allows interchangeability multiple algorithms. because there are various forms and different types use case scenarios, security requirements are not always consistent. therefore, sdchain supports algorithms such chinese national standard encryption algorithms (sm elliptic curve public key cryptographic algorithm, cryptographic hash algorithm, block cipher algorithm) and others based demand. result, sdchain abstracts the underlying encryption algorithm and alternative channels different algorithms meet various algorithm and security requirements different iot applications. the name wallet and address can interchangeable. consensus algorithm the consensus mechanism set mechanism designed ensure the accuracy and consistency information stored the distributed ledger, which mainly determined business and performance requirements. iot comprehensive and complex heterogeneous system, which covers multiple industries and wide range transactions. because there are many types communication protocols, iot has high safety and performance requirements for the underlying blockchain. with the abovementioned characteristics mind, sdchain innovatively proposes sdft algorithm, which integrates high consistency raft and high concurrency pbft algorithms, thus solving security, high performance and trust issues the same time. planned that sdft will have the following features: select one number master nodes (master node) from the full network authentication nodes (validate node) with sd-raft balance the computing load that accessed the client. the master node responsible for the collection the new transaction accounting request and the generation the transaction list the whole network within fixed period seconds). each verification node will broadcast the transaction record that sent from the client the entire network. the major node will collect transactions that will put into new blocks sequence and store them into transaction list and then broadcast this list the entire network. when each node receives the transaction list, will execute these transactions sequence. when all transactions are excuted, each node will broadcast the entire network based the calculation hash summaries new blocks. node receives the number for tolerable sdc nodes) summaries from other nodes request equalise with itself, commit message will broadcasted the entire network. node receives commit messages, can submit new block and its transactions local blockchain and its status database. please find below performance comparison sdchain with other blockchain platforms: blockchain platform consensus algorithm transaction confirmation time bitcoin pow min ethereum pos sec sdchain sdft sec smart contract each iot device connected the internet has global identity blockchain, and this will the only identifiable global identity, which can used for credit identification. the credit status each iot device visible other devices the sdchain platform. the corresponding key used sign data which records transactions sent from this address, and only visible the device owner. additionally, the sdchain platform will set wallet for that device, which aims improve the security iot devices preventing attacks. each time iot device records data transaction, the action will result the generation (and/or consumption) gas. each smart contract similar common wallet, which has unique public key address. the difference that the private key the smart contract discarded when smart contract created; therefore one can send digital assets towards smart contract except way the consensus mechanism. response monitoring demands for iot, namely iot device holders can set smart contract, path data storage and amount charge the account beforehand, and then broadcast the entire network and stored digital records. when emergency happens, blockchain regulations will activate, the smart contract the sdchain platform will require enforceability, promptness and automatic trigger. the triggering conditions are also recorded data the blockchain and subject the related protection. this type data accurate, safe and reliable, and cannot tampered with. decentralised dapp the existing incubation development projects relatively centralised with inefficiency, opacity and unfriendliness, which affects developer's creativity and activities. comparatively, under the incentive dip protocol, the sdchain platform will promote the decentralisation community ecosystem incubation through positive feedback mechanism. with the development the ecosystem the sdchain platform, there will more and more information accessible blockchain. the key result provide this information simple and effective way, which conducive for further processing. expected that there will more phenomenal dapps emerge the future. shows figure figure the framework for sdchain developers enterprise and individual developers can each create account for iot devices, obtain asset digitalisation, get information about block height, create and request trading information the chain and receive real-time notifications sdchain. currently sdk, sdchain can realise the value access, information privacy protection, value transmission, baas services voucher, order create value for accessible data, and make accessible data flow, transformation trustworthy. sdchain has made in-depth analysis internet applications, iot applications and financial applications. meanwhile, sdchain has established number sdk accordance different languages, such c++ sdk for iot, java and node sdk for internet. doing will satisfy different application platform access requirements for the entire ecosystem. issuance iot digital assets there are four basic elements sdchain smart contract: {code, status, [code], balance}. the code generated users; the status contains all current internal information the smart contract; the balance the cryptocurrency balance the smart contract, which also stores history transactions. according user's requirements for issuance new digital assets from different iot application platforms, token distribution can realised smart contract the sdchain platform, which also supportive distribution other cryptocurrencies sda the underlying asset. cross chain smart contract model sdchain has real value for both lightweight participants (such iot devices) and computation-intensive participants (such iot platforms). there always exists huge imbalance between these two types participants. since the development blockchain still early age, current blockchain technology has various issues such problems with upgrades, cross-chain compatibility with different blockchains, and splits user groups. order solve the abovementioned issues, sdchain will introduce the solution layered consensus stack technology, namely sdcc (sd cross-chain). sdcc incubated from sdchain, which smart contract module blockchain, and can provide following content features: layered configuration structure: functional modules can replaced from multiple dimensions. response the situation that bitcoin cannot issue digital assets itself and the objective shortcomings ethereum's smart contract focus, sdcc provides support for various types transactions, smart contracts and distribution self-defined digital assets. variety data storage forms can replaced, which supports mysql, postgresql, oracle and other relational databases, well rocksdb, redis and other non-relational databases. the consensus node can configured support multiple consensus protocols, besides saft the system, sdchain supportive pow, pos and other consensus protocols used other iot blockchain. )sdcc supports pluggable authentication schemes and injection user protocols, which can deploy existing consensus nodes integrate new blockchain more easily. for participants with small processing capacity, they can still participate node verification. using sdcc's internal split-flow scheme improve communication and storage performance iot devices connected: shows figure figure cross chain work model ecosystem roadmap community management architecture sdchain's ecosystem roadmap sdchain will combine international strengths build universal community ecosystem. the management its ecosystem will led sdchain foundation addition international community management agencies. sdchain will make full use blockchain and iot innovations, addition promoting iot enterprises and users. meanwhile, sdchain will continuously explore the innovation business within six domains, and establish global ecosystem blockchain and iot under the supervision community and relevant regulatory agencies. open platform, sdchain upholds principles openness, inclusiveness, mutual cooperation and benefits, and will establish ecosystem-wide cooperation throughout the industry. sdchain's ecosystem business model the development the sdchain ecosystem depends two parts. one hand, based sdchain, the whole industry supply chain and users can generate value through various innovative services. the other hand, large number high-value digital assets sdchain will support large volumes high-frequency digital assets transactions, thus promoting the increasing added value the ecosystem the entire sdchain platform, and drive sda expand even more transaction processes. further, projects built sdchain's public chain capabilities would have high levels scalability the relevant business teams may utilise sdchain develop their own dapps, distribute relevant tokens and enhance the ecosystem the sdchain platform. connecting businesses resources, the sdchain platform will grow more robust and diverse. sdchain's community management architecture the sdchain community will guided the foundation, which based singapore. the foundation's views the technical development, business promotion and community operation the chain platform will influential, but ultimately will not have control over the actions the sdchain community, which spontaneously formed and open, decentralized and admission-free join, comprising various users, participants, developers, supporters, sda holders worldwide, who are not connected with the foundation any manner. order ensure the efficient development the sdchain platform and ecosystem thereon based the principles openness and transparency, there will various committees set the foundation: board directors the highest decision-making body the foundation and will manage various executive agencies (committees). has the right decide, use, freeze, and reward sda, and conduct punitive measures behalf the foundation, well other activities. the board directors will selected the members the foundation. the term each director the board directors years, and new members will selected upon expiry the term. under the board directors, there are committees: steering committee its function advise the board directors the overall direction and development the project develop sdchain and the sdchain platform, the promotion the ecosystem, community operation, and all major board decisions. business committee will charge business promotion, business development and ecosystem construction the sdchain platform. its members are generally chosen from representatives from the industry. technology committee will charge technical development sdchain and the sdchain platform, open source code management, github open source code maintenance, and updated evaluation technology community. its members are generally selected from international blockchain expert pool. community committee will charge global community operations and management, community events planning, resources integration, and community rewards distribution. its members are mainly selected from active community members. public relations committee will charge project progress updates, public relations issues, external publicity and other issues relating the development the sdchain platform. its members are generally selected from international pool marketing executives and representatives public relations companies. human resources and finance committee will charge payments and allowances the staff the foundation, normal financial expenditure for the development the sdchain platform, volunteer recruitment and other types work. heads each committee the board directors will appoint heads committees, and such persons shall responsible for the operation management their committees, addition work and coordination among other committees. the head each committee needs report the board directors regular basis. steering committee: the steering committee members will selected from well-known blockchain and iot industry experts. brief introduction the growing list members, follows: dr. jie shen, co-chairman dr. jie shen obtained ph.d from chinese academy sciences after receiving bachelor degree from zhejiang university, and was visiting scholar university california san diego (ucsd). authoritative international experts iot, with years iot experience and years blockchain research experience, and had participated developing the worlds' first international internet things reference architecture (iot ra) iso iec behalf chinese leaders. also the proposer and chief editor the "six-domain model" iot, sponsor joint laboratory for six-domain blockchain, founder qingyu tang, and part-time professor fudan university. since has been the general team leader the national iot basic standard working team and promoted development dozens basic standards and application standards for internet things jointly with the ministry public security, ministry agriculture, ministry transport, ministry environmental protection, state forestry administration, national health and family planning commission and china national textile and apparel council. was once the vice president wuxi internet things industry research institute, vice director national research center for sensor network engineering technology ministry science and technology, and vice chairman the ccsa tc. has presided over state-level scientific research projects related iot and international and national standards, and was awarded the first prize shanghai science and technology advances, the second prize china standard innovation and the advanced individual the national information security standardization technical committee. david pan, co-chairman david joined the foundation with years industry experience serving north american and asian technology and investment companies iot, semiconductor, software, electronics manufacturing and telecom sectors. prior joining the foundation, david served the director iot asia marketing arm, growing and supporting arm's iot developer ecosystem and partnerships asia. prior arm, david served the president ayaris with sell-side mandates iot, clean tech and e-commerce sectors, well managing buy-side venture capital specialised pre-ipo projects. david graduated from harvard with masters finance, golden gate with masters enterprise systems, and berkeley with architecture. richard zhou, co-chairman richard currently the president green panda marketing inc. toronto, canada, advisor multiple fortune companies and nasdaq-listed companies, and advisor china canada angel alliance. formerly, richard served independent board director internet things inc. (tsx.v-itt), assistant director ontario ministry tourism, culture and sports, canada, co-chair tiff china internet film and television development forum, president canada evergreen association, and founding director chinese cabinet toronto sick kids foundation, one the largest charity organisations canada. richard has years industry experience information technology, internet, iot, energy, serving emc, siemens, and apotex. core team members: david pan david joined the foundation with years industry experience serving north american and asian technology and investment companies iot, semiconductor, software, electronics manufacturing and telecom sectors. prior joining the foundation, david served the director iot asia marketing arm, growing and supporting arm's iot developer ecosystem and partnerships asia. prior arm, david served the president ayaris with sell-side mandates iot, clean tech and e-commerce sectors, well managing buy-side venture capital specialised pre-ipo projects. david graduated from harvard with masters finance, golden gate with masters enterprise systems, and berkeley with architecture. faud khan apart from his leadership role the foundation, faud the chair canada international organisation for standardisation (iso iec sc), convenor iot special working group, international convener iso iec sc, ceo and security analyst twelvedot labs, delivering network security solutions customers worldwide. has over years experience cybersecurity industry. dr. yue gao apart from his leadership role sdchain, yue gao reader antennas and signal processing, and director whitespace machine communication (wmc) lab the school electronic engineering and computer science queen mary university london (qmul). worked research assistant, lecturer (assistant professor) and senior lecturer (associate professor) qmul after his phd degrees from qmul currently leading team developing theoretical research into practice the interdisciplinary area among smart antennas, signal processing, spectrum sharing and internet things (iot) applications. has published over peer-reviewed journal and conference papers, patents, and book chapters. co-recipient the horizon prize award collaborative spectrum sharing and research performance award from faulty science and engineering qmul editor for the ieee transactions vehicular technology, ieee wireless communication letter and china communications. serving cognitive radio symposium co-chair the ieee globecom has served the signal processing for communications symposium co-chair for ieee iccc publicity co-chair for ieee globecom and general chair the ieee wowmom and iwem senior member ieee, secretary the ieee technical committee cognitive networks, and ieee vehicular technology society distinguished lecturer. wenbo wenbo holds master software engineering from fudan university, with years experience server-side software development and architecture design and years experience r&d team management. wenbo was responsible for the development shanghai telecom "game frontier" platform, precision location-based services (pc lbs), internet users portrait and data mining, centralised batch stamp inspection for bank suzhou and electronic stamp inspection for other banks. recently, has led the blockchain module package development arm mbed os. wenbo has valuable blockchain iot project development and implementation experience, and rich software security system development capabilities. the foundation's advisory board dr. lirong zheng lirong professor royal institute technology, sweden, dean school information science and technology, fudan university, executive vice president new rural development institute, fudan university and distinguished professor china's national "thousand talents program". eduard molla eduard economic counselor albania china. qiang yin qiang holds emba from donghua university, vice president circulation branch china national textile and apparel council, deputy director iot standard working group for textile industry, and cntex. xuming xuming the chairman the organising committee world internet things convention, chairman world chinese business alliance federation, president world chinese entrepreneurs alliance group, executive chairman chinese entrepreneurs alliance, chairman warner fund (beijing), chairman world chinese business alliance investment fund management company, and formerly served executive officer chinese chamber commerce china, ceo warner investment group (us), executive officer promotion association chinese chamber commerce, and executive secretary general chinese business alliance federation. bingxian liang bingxian the chairman taiwan internet things association, chairman flowring, dean the cross-strait intelligence service industry institute nanjing university posts and telecommunications, vice chairman iotcc, china electronics chamber commerce, miit, executive chairman alliance sensing china, executive director jiangsu innovation center for internet things technology and application synergy, vice chairman zhejiang technology innovation association for automotive industry, vice chairman wuxi cross-strait technology and financial services center, member technical expert committee cloud computing and iot association taiwan (ciat), and member cloud computing and iot committee taiwan electrical and electronic manufacturers association. foundation auditing order achieve open and transparent governance, the foundation's finance and committee will hire professional auditor(s) and published its auditing results. roadmap may development sdchain platform planning kickoff. exploration: may october the beta version sdchain launched during this time, inviting selective community members participate internal testing groups test, modify and optimise the sdchain platform. december june application layer development: ios and android client, account creation and sda transfer. service layer development: account creation, storage release, sda, sdchain node incentives. core layer development: call functions sdchain node small contract, client connection. infrastructure development: index and caching, storage. july october application layer development: community presentation, iot-os access. service layer development: community creation, community motivation. core layer development: sdchain node security verification. infrastructure development: storage optimisation, task scheduling, service flow. expansion: october december release the sdchain platform online, fully open users and officially start operation. application layer development: browser plug-in, setting value flows. service layer development: community integration, setting value flows, credit valuation. core layer development: sdchain node external service connection. infrastructure layer development: storage optimisation, schedule transfer optimisation. evolution: december may connect partners the sdchain platform and expand the scope partners form the ecosystem with account namespace, account binding, tripartite-link sdk, public api, identity authentication. help partners get connected and continue expand. risk warning there are various risks associated with the purchase sda. potential purchasers should carefully evaluate these risks based their own risk tolerance. risks associated with markets for sda there prior market for sda and the sda token sale may not result active liquid market for sda. sda designed used solely within the ecosystem the sdchain platform, hence there may illiquidity risk with respect the sda you hold. sda not currency issued any central bank national, supra-national quasi-national organisation, nor backed any hard assets other credit nor "commodity" the usual and traditional sense that word. are not responsible for, nor pursue, the circulation and trading sda any market. trading sda will merely depend the consensus its value between the relevant market participants. one obliged purchase any sda from any holder sda, including the purchasers, nor does anyone guarantee the liquidity market price sda any extent any time. furthermore, sda may not resold purchasers where the purchase sda may violation applicable laws. accordingly, cannot ensure that there will any demand market for sda, that the price you pay for sda indicative any market valuation market price for sda. even secondary trading sda facilitated third party exchanges, such exchanges may relatively new and subject little regulatory oversight, making them more susceptible fraud manipulation. furthermore, the extent that third parties ascribe external exchange value sda (e.g., denominated digital fiat currency), such value may extremely volatile, decline below the price which you have paid for sda, and/or diminish zero. regulatory risks the blockchain industry still its early stage development, not only china but also the rest the world not have relevant legal documents regarding pre-ico requirements, transaction requirement, information disclosure requirement, lock-up requirements. also, not clear how current policies will implemented, which may negatively impact sda and the sdchain platform. since blockchain technology has become the major target regulation most countries, regulatory agencies intervene influence the blockchain industry general, sda and applications the sdchain platform may affected result. such intervention may include, without limitation, legal restriction the use and sales token, restrictions applications the sdchain platform and the usage sda. competition risks with the development information technology and mobile internet, digital assets represented "bitcoin" have emerged, and various kinds decentralised applications have continued emerge, competition this industry has become increasingly fierce. however, with the proliferation and expansion other application platforms, the community will face continuously operational pressure and certain market competition risks. risks loss staff the foundation has gathered team experienced technical and consultant experts with respective professional advantages and rich experience, which include professionals engaged blockchain industry for long term, addition experienced internet product development and operation core team members. the stability core team and advisory resources important for the continued development sdchain and the sdchain platform. the loss core staff advisory board consultant may affect the stability the platform adversely affect future development. risks due lack funds the price the tokens contributed for development greatly decreased, development time much longer than expected, any other relevant reasons, likely lead shortage funds, resulting certain development goals being unrealised. risks losing private keys after investors transfer sda their own digital wallet addresses, the only way keep the contents operation address the relevant encrypted key purchasers have (namely the private key wallet password). the user responsible for protecting relevant keys and use them sign transactions which can prove asset ownership. users should understand and accept that the private key wallet password lost stolen, then acquired sda associated with the user account (address) password will not restored and will permanently lost. the best way store login credential separate the key into one several local security stores, preferably not public computer. risks being hacked stolen some hackers, certain organisation, countries may attempt interrupt the operation sda and the sdchain platform, which include but not limited denial service attack, sybil attack, gaming attack, malware attacks consistency attack. risks uninsured loss unlike bank accounts accounts other financial institutions, there usually insurance for data stored sdchain the ecosystem the sdchain platform. any event loss, there will not have any public individual organisations cover the loss. risks associated with core protocols currently sdchain and the sdchain platform developed based the ethereum protocol. there fault similar incident with the ethereum protocol, unexpected functional problems attacks are likely cause interruptions the usage sda the sdchain platform, certain reduced functionalities. systematic risks the risk fatal flaw open source software massive failure global network infrastructure will cause risks well. although some these risks are greatly reduced over time, such repairing loopholes and breakthrough calculation bottleneck. however, some other parts are still unpredictable, such political factors natural disasters causing global internet interruptions. risks vulnerability acceleration development cryptography the accelerated development cryptography the development technology like quantum computing, will bring risks decoding sdchain, which may lead the loss sda. risks lack attention towards application the sdchain platform may have risks not being used large number individuals organisation, which means the public has little interest develop dapps the sdchain platform, which might adversely affect sda and the sdchain platform. the risks not being recognised lack users sda should not treated investment. where not recognised the market not widely used, its value may very small. possibly, for any reason, including but not limited commercial relations failures marketing strategy, the sdchain platform and all subsequent marketing sales might unsuccessful. happens, there will such platform little follow-ups. this will very detrimental this project. default risks applications the sdchain platform may not able provide services due various reasons, such during large-scale node downtime, which may result loss sda for users. risks applications product not reaching its own purchaser's expectations the sdchain platform still the developmental stage, hence there may large changes the final design before the official version released, therefore, purchaser sda may find that does not meet previous expectation sdchain application sda's functionalities forms. any wrong analysis change design might lead such situation. other unexpected risks digital tokens (such sda) based cryptography are brand new and untested technology, besides risks mentioned this whitepaper, there might other risks the founding team has not anticipated not mentioned. additionally, some other risks might arise suddenly, combination the abovementioned risks.