seele abstract ................................................................................................................................................... naming........................................................................................................................................................ mission and goals ............................................................................................................................... design principles ............................................................................................................................... neural consensus algorithm ............................................................................................................ background ............................................................ introduction .......................................................... principle ............................................................. highlights ............................................................ security analysis ..................................................... experimental results................................................... influence node failure consensus process ..................... overall coverage multiple sampling............................. number communications for sampling............................. scalability ...................................................... fault tolerance .................................................. conclusion ....................................................... heterogeneous forest network ..................................................................................................... overview ............................................................. single blockchain structure........................................... multiple blockchain structure......................................... forest blockchain structure........................................... value transport protocol .............................................................................................................. internet protocol .................................................... current status ....................................................... vtp .................................................................. naming mechanism ................................................. content addressing ............................................... route cache ...................................................... vhttp ............................................................ quick value internet connection ............................................................................................... introduction ......................................................... technical advantages.................................................. seele framework ............................................................ experimental comparison............................................... transport bandwidth .............................................. stability ........................................................ computing integration ..................................................................................................................... current situation .................................................... resource definition on-chain.......................................... metadata directory specification.................................. metadata directory description method............................. storage and computing................................................. internet storage ................................................. grid computing ................................................... multi-domain and multi-level scheduling........................... client design ........................................................ metadata on-chain ................................................ data privacy and confidentiality...................................... attribute encryption ............................................. security multi-party computing.................................... ecology/governance/incentive ..................................................................................................... developer ecology .................................................... problems ......................................................... solutions ........................................................ industry application ecology.......................................... economic system ...................................................... token ............................................................ incentives ....................................................... governance structure ............................................. core team ............................................................................................................................................. roadmap ................................................................................................................................................. postscript note................................................................................................................................ references........................................................................................................................................... seele abstract recent years, various blockchain systems and its applications continue open boundaries, wider area and deeper application development. bitcoin, ethereum and other public chains and digital cryptocurrencies continue emerge, well consortium chains, such fabric and corda, creating highly competitive environment. with the development blockchain technology and its applications, the problems are gradually exposed. issues such the inability scale for largescale performance, the inability support diverse business scenarios and the inability exchange information and share assets across different blockchain networks are becoming more prominent. response these problems, back the core value the blockchain and try solve these problems from several core issues the blockchain: consensus algorithms, ecological topologies, value internet protocols, underlying network protocols, collaborative convergence computing and application ecosystem, etc., promote the wider application blockchain and value internet. response these problems, try make progress different aspects the blockchain, such the core issues the blockchain, underlying communication protocols, network infrastructure, cross-chain agreements, consensus algorithms and the upper application ecosystem, and strive promote the development the blockchain and value-added internet widely used. novel neural consensus algorithm proposed improve the fault tolerance from without any loss performance compared with the byzantine agreement (ba) algorithm; proposed heterogeneous forest (hf) network architecture with good scalability potential for wide variety application scenarios, well perfect mechanisms resource and security isolation for any generic customizable demand; proposed value transport protocol (vtp) and value http (vhttp protocol) realize the naming, discovery and addressing service value internet assets and entities, and seamlessly integrate with the internet resources build underlying protocols and infrastructure services for blockchain ecosystem; proposed tcp/udp-based low-latency quick value internet connection seele (qvic) protocol that can better adapt and meet the requirements blockchain network than traditional internet tcp and udp protocols used current blockchain networks. there are several obvious advantages handling more connections, security, and low latency, especially the transmission packets specific block size (m, m). compared with udp, the transmission efficiency improved nearly order magnitude. naming seele "soul" german, which refers not only the human soul itself but also the core person's ideas actions. seele implies our goal: innovate new era value internet. mission and goals standards promoters, network builders, and eco-preachers value internet infrastructure; integrate the essence the layered model internet fundamental protocol and provide solid agreement guarantee for the interoperability resources and the collaborative computing heterogeneous networks; providing powerful foundation platform and high-speed pipe for the free and safe circulation resources and positioning, discovery, and transfer value and transformation within and across the global chain; adhere the ecological-oriented, win-win cooperation strategy for developers, service providers and users data assets registration, value delivery, and exchange open platform. dedicated building operating system value internet that provide developers with integrated and flexible service design, development, testing and deployment service chain, provide the most efficient channels service customers for service providers, and the simplest channel for value transfer and exchange for users; using the token economy encourage community contributions share and create ecosystem rather than centralized software platform; build new relations production value internet, promote the development the blockchain depth and release future productivity. seele design principles open system architecture (osa): meet the requirements portability, customization, and interoperability fundamental protocols and standards, functional framework and upper-level applications; efficiency first: provide efficient and stable business platform, fast and accurate value transfer; dynamic expansion: support dynamic expansion blockchain network structure achieve the dynamic planning and adjustment computing resources and storage capacity for different business requirements. resource isolation: adopting the partition hierarchical multi-chain mode and the blockchain business avoid multi-service interference; experience first: provide full-scale multi-perspective development and service support for users through standardized communication protocols, module interface specifications, sdks and ides, community support, developer conferences, industry application associations and others. pioneers and practitioners the next generation blockchain, work together create value system and ecosystem with our partners combining heterogeneous forests, neural network consensus algorithms, computational power sharing between inside and outside chain, and scalable tps. seele fig seele: blockchain neural consensus algorithm background the current consensus algorithms are not compatible with scalability, security and efficiency, forming sse paradox. such pow, meet the scalability and safety requirements, but not the computational overhead; pos meets the requirements efficiency but deficient scalability and security; dpos meets the requirements scalability and efficiency, but has insufficient security; pbft meets the requirements security and power consumption, but when the node size very large, the problem network overhead becomes very prominent. hashgraph meets the requirements scalability and efficiency, but has insufficient security, and due its structural and process constraints, such the connectivity and partition network nodes, the seele confirmation delay some transactions relatively large; algorand meets the requirements scalability, security and power consumption, but has strict requirements the overall connectivity the network, convergence delay becomes unpredictable the case network partition. introduction seele synthesizes the advantages and disadvantages current mainstream consensus algorithms, and proposes new e-differential agreement (eda) based "micro-real numbers", which transform the consensus problem into asynchronous request processing and sorting data large-scale environment, and has very strong robustness for the overall connectivity the network, for non-fully connected networks, and even each network connection less than the proportion the system can operate normally. one the most important features the consensus algorithm the linear scalability, that is, the performance increases linearly with the node size. the larger the node size, the faster convergence and the better performance. the node network environment, tps reached the transaction confirmation delay decreased several seconds. principle through repeated incomplete random sampling, all the features the system will gradually covered, and the discrete voting [t|f] the traditional consensus agreement will transformed into continuous voting [%, %]. using the convergence function, when each voting value compressed and the range smaller than the preset threshold determined that the voting consistent and the voting value used the basis for sorting. consensus process adds parameter, for confirming the order the blocks, converges this parameter the consensus process algorithm that complies with the corresponding requirements, and when the range this parameter converges less than the required precision that is, ensure that only one block exists within the range the scale. for multiple blocks, the blocks are continuously positioned the axes through independent and independent loops, completing the sorting. the algorithm uses the position coordinates virtual axis the basis the block ordering that the block ordering longer depends the consensus the pre-block and completely out the performance bottleneck that the existing consistent protocol cannot parallelized, processing provides effective and practical method greatly improve the efficiency the seele system. through the architecture separation, the agreement will constant with the consistency the front the repeatability test, back-end storage technology separated from, with good portability. due the fact that there data processing access the whole consensus process, its data independence makes widely applicable many scenarios such finance, egovernment and traceability. figure consensus model highlights consensus process changed from discrete voting continuous voting the traditional consensus, the voting the block between nodes represents the node's opinion with and its voting discrete. efficiency parameters can adjusted for different environment parallel consensus will improve the operating efficiency asynchronous systems, give full play the parallel system distributed computing capabilities. with asynchronous system multi-node design, you can further enhance the system's concurrent performance. energy saving there head node selection process the scheme, and there pow pos required fully reduce the energy consumption during the operation the non-central system. addition, addition extracting abstract information, floating-point arithmetic needs performed the scheme. the rest the operations and sequencing are based integer arithmetic, which requires extremely low performance nodes and further reduces the social and economic costs. low transmission overhead the scheme does not need connect with most nodes during the consensus process and obtains the vote (pbft), which can save the overhead system data transmission and reduce the node's dependence the system network structure much possible. seele adjustable parameters the consensus efficiency this algorithm based the selection parameters such the convergence interval and the sampling rate and the optimal system efficiency can obtained adjusting the relevant parameters real time. compatible with variety network structures the consensus algorithm has strong adaptability the traditional chain structure and dag structure. security analysis for the sybil attack, according the currency value held the consensus users, assign weights them and use multiple local random sampling step step features cover long the sybil node has total monetary value less than half the total value, the chain algorithm the sybil attack has the absolute resistance and immunity, avoid the bifurcation and double spend. for the random selection nodes the consensus process, the metamethod uses random computable function. the user calculates from his private key whether not selected and feeds back and broadcast the result other users. this random selection process non-interactive, the attacker could not know advance which nodes are selected. during each round consensus, the nodes the selection are all random and different, which also increases the cost the attack. experimental results seele refers pbft algorithm, using amazon emc cloud nodes, the algorithm convergence range control parameter <.%. influence node failure consensus process three testing scenarios: the total number failed nodes that is, failed nodes; the total number failed nodes that is, there are failed nodes; the total number faulty nodes that is, the number faulty nodes for pbft, the system fails operate when the total number failed nodes seele (including malicious nodes and failed nodes) more than which means that for scenario the pbft solution will not work. the eda scheme verifies the effectiveness the scheme using different sampling rate, for each increase and for each value. for scene takes votes complete the consensus and determine the order. fig effect sampling rate the number consensus (fault node accounting for for scenario takes votes complete the consensus and determine the order. fig impact sampling rate the number consensus (fault nodes accounted for seele for scene when not less than takes votes complete the consensus and determine the order. for pbft, could not accomplish the consensus this environment because the number failed nodes higher than the basic requirement. fig impact sampling rate the number consensus (fault nodes accounted for overall coverage multiple sampling large-scale node environment k), sample rate after two rounds eda, any normal node has already received voting all node rounds; medium scale node environment, the sampling rate was which also received rounds rounds after two rounds. fig overall coverage multiple sampling seele number communications for sampling under the condition large-scale node, eda transmission has obvious effect bandwidth saving. under small-scale network, eda not much different from pbft, and superior pbft when r*s<. small-scale network, network bandwidth consumption negligible. fig comparison the number communications scalability node .%, eda two rounds cover voting components, same pbft; node .%, the number transmissions far less than the pbft; pbft the parallel vote, the voting results produced meaningless, you need re-sort, and re-consensus the sort; eda the parallel vote, the resulting voting results can directly used sort basis. seele fig comparison the scalability fault tolerance blocking occurs when the failure rate pbft exceeds and eda allows the node continue voting until the failed node returns normal. fig comparison the fault tolerance between pbft and eda eda small-scale environment: define sample lost ability parallel sorting degrades typical pbft; define sampling <%: increase network consumption (multiple rounds), keep parallel sorting ability; define samples reduce fault tolerance, allow parallel sorting; seele fig comparison the failure rate between pbft and eda conclusion can concluded from the above experimental results that with not less than for the system that failure the node does not exceed are able achieve the overall system convergence. the value high, the fewer number convergences are required, the better. heterogeneous forest network overview the development human society has experienced the primitive single-tribal model, multi-tribal model, different cultural habitats, and then different institutional countries. the development the internet also experienced the stand-alone era, multi-machine simple interconnection, multi-machine lan, variety heterogeneous lan interconnection, and then internet the end last century, and then today's mobile internet and internet things. the development the blockchain, starting with the blockchain bitcoin, ethereum with smart contracts [][], today's blooming blockchain products. single blockchain structure traditional blockchain networks, such bitcoin, ethereum, etc. are all singlechain structure and all transactions take place one chain. the advantages single-chain structure are that the transaction and consensus process relatively simple, early the development blockchain can well meet user requirements. however, with the development blockchain technology and seele market demand for the blockchain, single-chain architecture gradually exposed many pain points: there are bottlenecks throughput and performance: bitcoin has only tps and applications need wait for several blocks blocks are recommended) order ensure transaction remains the authoritative chain, and ethereum takes seconds produce new block, all which severely hampered the growing demand for blockchain services; intra-chain business interferes with one another: single-chain architectures can easily overwhelm the entire system with busy individual businesses, such very hot game crypto kitties that overcrowded the entire ethereum network. many normal transactions could not promptly processed and confirmed; closed network structure: could not achieve cross-chain interaction between different chains, could not meet the needs business interaction between multiple platforms. multiple blockchain structure order overcome the limitations single-chain structure, multi-chain structure was proposed. the main forms are multiple parallel chains, main/side chains and on, which partially meet the diversified needs the business. however, there are still some shortcomings terms flexibility and customization. for multiple parallel chains, the function each chain usually preconfigured, difficult meet the rapidly changing and diversified business needs, and how share computing and data resources multiple chains also not well solved. for the main/side chain structure, different side chains can derived according the growth and changes the business. however, side chain consensus more closely coupled with the main chain, and the main chain may become new center and bottleneck. forest blockchain structure the traditional internet, open browser and input the web site name, enter the site, click the page link access resources within the site outside the site, access the information, professional terminology, that internet surfing. behind this, the dns (domain name system), one the basic internet protocols, has made tremendous contribution. seele the value internet built blockchain huge network clusters around the world, each blockchain, each subnet produces the same different business, provide different services, there are also large number different cross-chain requests, the stable operation the cluster provide good value transmission services for human. drawing the successful experience dns, propose heterogeneous forest network architecture that bridges the real world and the digital world enable the definition, storage, transfer and transformation resources and assets the value internet promote integration value internet services with traditional internet business. fig heterogeneous forest network heterogeneous forest network consists different subnets, each subnet can seen hierarchical partition tree, the top the tree chain global service chain, called "meta chain", which provides global configuration and scheduling service. from top bottom, chain various business forms. divided according business scenarios, isolation mechanisms, and performance costs. the upper layer provides addressing and scheduling services the lower layers. each layer can set independent governance mechanisms, such access rights, flow control, security mechanisms, each layer formed plurality independent small ecology. the combination the various small ecologies constitutes complete large ecosystem. due the various specialties different businesses the real world, mentioned above, difficult for single-chain structure perfectly support multiple heterogeneous services. heterogeneous forest network, each chain seele only serves the services the smallest set functions, and each the cohesive services runs separate chain. this could not only achieve effective security isolation, but also realize the maximum value the efficient use computing and resources, and cross-chain agreements between different chains for value exchange. heterogeneous forest network structure can meet different types complex business needs the real world. different types business with different characteristics run different sub-chains, such compute-intensive, iointensive, and mixed-type respectively run well different chains; different levels security requirements the business can also run different levels, such for bank business needs, the data security and strong consistency the transaction will have higher requirements, can isolated the most secure layer. value transport protocol internet protocol the widespread adoption and success the traditional internet due full set normative protocols. connects all kinds equipment and network, and unifies the resources identification, making the exchange resources extremely convenient. (internet protocol): any device and software can seamlessly access the internet and share resources complies with and implements protocol. uri (uniform resource identifier): uniquely identifies internet resources, such pictures, text, video clips, etc., the identification allows users interact with any resources through specific protocol. current status the current various blockchain networks, each with different data, transactions, codes and links, could not share data and communicate with each other, forming independent blockchain islands, such bitcoin and ethereum, the data model and the interactive protocol completely different, completely independent two incompatible systems. for bitcoin users, the address character shaped like this: yvwckfaugswtpuspdthbptsqdh for ethereum users, they also have the same address form. such strings are seele handy for machines and programs, but very unfriendly human cognition and memory, which greatly limits the value transmission blockchain networks. although the ens service based ethereum provides dns-like naming service, there are still many deficiencies terms efficiency and coverage. vtp order solve the pain point that the value transmission between the blockchain networks cannot effectively carried out, seele proposes the value transport protocol (vtp) based the heterogeneous forest network architecture. the agreement covers the uniform identification the assets the chain and the routing strategy for asset discovery. full set transport protocol for the blockchain value network. naming mechanism for blockchain networks, the data the chain the asset. the naming each asset and the uniqueness its identity great importance the registration, discovery, transfer and conversion assets. based the vtp protocol, define the uniform asset identifier (uai). hierarchical structured naming assets helpful for people's cognition and memory, and has the uniqueness, availability, scalability and other characteristics e.g chain://edu.pku.cs/account/data this example, 'chain: //' the default protocol header, 'edu', 'pku' and 'cs' are the chain identifications all levels, and 'account' the account the chain (or contract), 'data' the account some information, can the account balance, notes, and even contract interface. heterogeneous forest networks, different namespaces are used between chains, and the same namespace parent chains, which facilitates the addressing and routing content through parent-child relationships. content addressing each chain provides sub-chain address lookup service, which implemented the system contract and initialized when building the chain. when new sub-chain added, the sub-chain sends registration request the parent chain, and the parent chain records the sub-chain address. "meta chain" global configuration chain, managing the entire forest network entry address seele all, when inquiring message, according uai first find the entry from the meta chain, and then down find until you find the desired sub-chain, and then according the contents the account and data fields targets specific assets. meta chain will not become performance bottleneck, because routing information can cached due meet the principle locality. route cache order ensure more efficient network utilization, improve data availability and access efficiency, and enhance the upper service experience, seele introduces routing cache mechanism. each chain, the built-in system contract manages route caching and initialized when the chain built. for the cache replacement strategy, there are several main ways: replacing strategy based last interviewed time interval; replacement strategy based access frequency; strategies based the last visit interval and frequency access; strategy based random replacement; clean the cache immediately when cache routing addressing failed. when new sub-chain joins heterogeneous forest network, you must register the information with the meta chain. pass the message through the meta chain the next level, and update the route. vhttp facilitate easy cross-chain access for upper-level applications, seele refers the traditional http protocol for the internet and proposes value- http (vhttp) protocol for value internet. this protocol implements the exchange values between chains, between on-chain and off-chain. vhttp compatible with http protocol and can recognize the format http request packets. that is, users outside the chain can access the assets and data the chain directly through the http protocol. for http requests coming into the blockchain network, mappings between methods are automatically established. vhttp protocol request consists three parts: request header, message header, body. the request header begins with the name the method, separated space, and the requested address and version the asset identified uai are the end, the following format: method uai version crlf request method types are follows: get: request obtain the resource information identified uai seele post: create assets (store assets the chain) transfer: transfer assets between two uais quick value internet connection introduction blockchain nodes are world-widely located, that means complex network environment. the large network jitter and latency can seriously affect the performance consensus algorithms and the synchronization blocks between nodes. compared the traditional internet tcp and udp protocols used current blockchain networks, propose the quick value internet connection(qvic) protocol that better adapts and meets the various needs that blockchain value networks face the transport and application layers. dealing with more connections, security, low latency has obvious advantages, especially for the specific block size (m, the transmission special optimization, transmission efficiency increased nearly order magnitude. technical advantages using non-transparent proxy mode, the client connects the server nearby and taken over qvic; data from the source the destination ensure safety without cache; encode data streams, transfer server-to-server data over udp packets, and increase security; load balancing can used improve robustness; high tolerance for packet loss; framework the case wide area network, for network jitter, packet loss and other characteristics instability, qvic conducted targeted optimization. not only retains the fast and efficient features the udp protocol, but also provides the integrity tcp data transmission. seele fig framework qvic qvic protocol, due the use pre-connection mode, handshake control done the sending end, handshaking time can ignored, the direct transmission data packets, the transfer rate and efficiency has been greatly improved. fig comparison handshake mechanism experimental comparison machines different data centers beijing, shanghai, guangzhou and london were used test data transmission. under the condition using qvic protocol, the transmission rate file was increased from kbps mbps. the above four data centers build blockchain test network, nodes for testing, accelerated the qvic protocol, due consensus data seele transmission efficiency and efficiency block synchronization process, single transaction confirmation time reduced transport bandwidth can seen from the figure below, compared with the tcp protocol, the qvic protocol has greatly improved the transmission rate, and the speedup ratio has reached for data transmission. fig comparison transmission rate stability based the udp protocol, qvic improves the stability and efficiency several times customizing the transmission control algorithm and the fec dynamic compensation mechanism. computing integration current situation resources the blockchain based consensus,because has reliability, security and non-tamper resistance, that more data can transferred from the center the storage the chain. however, when comes chain storage files and data, the cost for the blockchain itself relatively large. addition, seele many agencies, including the government and enterprises, have large amounts high-value data. however, the main challenge and the challenge open data sharing are how protect the security and privacy data. for computing, the one hand, the traditional way application execution could not guarantee the data security and the correctness the results the calculation process. the other hand, the virtual machine could not provide higher computing power provide additional resources meet the more demanding computing needs. computing resource integration based seele defines new type technology that integrates off-chain storage and computational resources over blockchain and smart contracts. internet storage solves the problem blockchain storage: through the perfect combination blockchain and ipfs, makes the shortage existing blockchain system file storage, encrypts the hash value the file directory the blockchain, and then saves the storage cost the blockchain. file encryption can permanently stored the distributed ipfs file sharing. solve the problem data islands, blockchain-based data desensitization technology ensure data privacy, privacy protection for the data open provide solution. the case the data off-chain, provide reliable exchange data within the network ensure data privacy and ownership the exchange shared. internet computing presents new form distributed cloud computing infrastructure that enables blockchain computing with lower operating costs based seele. seele provides two different methods computation, where multiple secure computations contract on-chain virtual machines are suitable for scenarios where applications with low resource requirements are safe transfer. addition, there also way control how the desktop systems and distributed clusters off the chain control computing resources through contractual entities. resource definition on-chain the naming value transfer protocol defines complete set blockchain value transfer protocol (nvtp), which uses hierarchical structured naming method name the information the chain. this structured naming scheme (uai) defines the protocol header, chain identification, account and resources. this section mainly describes the storage definition resources the chain. seele metadata directory specification the meta-data-directory specification (mdds) used describe the original data features off-chain storage, including static description the semantic features and basic attributes data and dynamic description data storage mechanism. mdds has been well verified actual usage scenarios. use mdds the trusted data exchange platform based blockchain and intelligent contracts uniquely identify the original data description information. metadata directory description method seele extends mdds. resource description framework (rdf) proposed. rdf description protocol for specific information contained the uai. addition including the static and dynamic description the data resources the part mdds, adding description computing resources, and calculating the characteristics resources through blockchain description, including memory, cpu, hard disk and on. described for the computing resource requests the implementation sharding tasks need the minimum amount resources, such the minimum memory, minimum cpu cores and other information. important component distributed storage and computation seele, automatic addressing used address the content through system contract. according uai identification, first find the entry from the root chain and then search downwards until find the desired sub chain find the data resource information rdf corresponding the account and initiate request for the on-chain (or off-chain) resource pointed rdf. after the request confirmed the signature the data owner, the smart contract can match the resource consumer and the resource supplier. the practical application scenario, the automatic matching the resource supplier and the consumer needs select different strategies according the actual needs users. each chain provides sub-chain address lookup service, which can implemented the system contract and initialized when building the chain. when new sub-chain added, the sub-chain sends registration request the parent chain, and the parent-chain records the sub-chain address. root chain the global configuration chain, management the entire forest system, all the entrance address, when received query for information, according urdi identification first find the entry from the root chain, and then look down until you find the desired sub-chain, according urdi the account and data fields access the resources the chain. seele storage and computing internet storage with mdds, provide two kinds distributed storage methods based blockchain. ipfs the core storage and metadata the chain storage. the ipfs-centric storage provide decentralized network where users store data ipfs, directory structure that allows each user define files, and directory structure that includes links other ipfs files and other description the files. the user uploads the data the blockchain, the producer determines that the data accepted the broadcast, and the other blockchain nodes copy the file over the ipfs network. the blockchain, calculate the hash all published content; build hash index address. when user accesses file, will broadcast hash request, find the node that stores the file, and send the user. the public network environment, which its own data for trusted exchange data scenarios suitable for the use metadata the chain storage. trusted data exchange the actual product has been verified. through the interconnection protocol provided the public chain, the user can also synchronize the original data information files the own data storage the blockchain, and establish the mapping relationship between the data directory the blockchain and the user-owned data using the mdds. data metadata stored the chain need ensure data security and privacy, addition using traditional data encryption technology ensure that the data's security and privacy on-chain, but also ensure that the data not compromised the transmission process, and ensure that the same data different users have different access and readability, that is, need data encryption based the fine-grained access control, the public chain using attribute encryption and security sandbox achieve data encryption based fine-grained access control. grid computing computing resource integration provides distributed computing capabilities based blockchain. based intelligent contract virtual machines nodes public network environments, pervasive contracts make verifiable, distributed computing environment similar that ethereum. the difference that during the computing resource integration, the data securely encapsulated within the sandbox and the sandbox runs the contractual virtual machine ensure that the data calculated secure environment. seele traditional data exchange scenario, uses data from and and uses algorithm provided the algorithm provider provide data the algorithm provider that the algorithm provider runs the data provided the algorithm returns the result back but this way the data has been leaked the algorithm provider. computing resource integration based secure multi-party computing provides new way, the data provider upload encrypted data the contract virtual machine calculation, the data divided into parts distributed the contract virtual machine, and finally according the contract virtual machine the protocol execution. the intermediate results obtained during the stage are reorganized obtain the final calculation result. fig framework grid computing based the collaborative computing, seele provides new computing method. through contract control and coordination, the distributed computing process can extended off-chain computing resource providers, and the data distributed the desktop system through the sandbox distributed cluster computing power platform. and verify the correctness the computing process and the result through the blockchain. seele multi-domain and multi-level scheduling tasks and resource scheduling are very important components distributed systems. the design scheduler algorithm has direct impact the utilization rate the whole cluster. distributed systems, the scheduling goes through single scheduling, level two scheduling, shared state scheduling, fully distributed architecture evolution and hybrid architectures. the cluster smart contracts, design multi-domain and multi-level scheduling. based the security and trust, divide the blockchain into different domains. divide the indexes such cost, performance and security required users' different levels, the same scheduling algorithm can choose different domains and different levels allocate tasks and computing resources, and fine-tuning scheduler predict mission performance and reduce neighbor interference support the users' special needs computing. the following scenarios describe different schedules based different needs users: consumer does not have high execution time and data security requirements for task, and the computation time relatively long. consumer requires data execution time and the data security not required high; consumer c's demand for data security higher, this case the task execution time longer, the cost for the calculation will higher. client design metadata on-chain the client provides two interfaces for meta-data directory on-chain: extract metadata directory and updates for the metadata directory. metadata directory extraction refers the metadata directory structure description, using technical methods assist the manual methods extract the metadata directory information from the original data. and the metadata directory divided into the public metadata directory and the complete metadata directory (including private information) respectively, into the chain storage. seele fig procedure uploading meta data blockchain metadata directory update means that when the original data changes, the metadata directory needs synchronized maintain the consistency the original data and the metadata directory. the process the main process follows: fig procedure updating meta data listen the change notification the original data. metadata directory information extracted from the raw data according the change notification according the metadata directory standard. etl (extract, transform, load) operations according the metadata seele directory standard. the generated metadata directory data recorded version, storing the metadata directory information into the chain. the upper application enables new version the metadata directory, gradually replacing the version the metadata directory. data privacy and confidentiality through intelligent contracts, the data dispatched the execution environment the encapsulated sandbox, and the execution environment divided into two types cases, and executed the contract virtual machine and the computing resources outside the chain. through the secure multi-computing cryptography algorithm, the multi-party data combination computing completed the contract virtual machine the intelligent contract cluster without compromising the original data each party, and the business processed under the premise ensuring the privacy user data. for scenarios executed compute resources outside the chain, the smart contract controls the delivery and execution data, encapsulates the data the sandbox the compute resources, and returns the results the user through the security sandbox. the computing process and the environmental information are uploaded real time for on-site inspection and post-audit. attribute encryption attribute-based encryption essentially access authorization and authentication service that ensures that non-authorized users are not entitled access specific data. attribute-based encryption belongs the public-key encryption mechanism. the decryption object faces community rather than single user. uses the attribute combination the community the public key the community. all users send the same public key the community. attribute encryption kind public key encryption system, but its biggest feature that the user's private key and ciphertext depend certain attributes, such the user's identity information. only when the user's attribute set and ciphertext properties match can properly decrypted. when implementing the contract computing, the security sandbox decrypts the received encrypted data using the private key the user. during the process generating the private key the user, can generate the key according seele the predetermined user's permission and access rule implement line-grained permissions, time limit, frequency limit, content limit security access control. attribute base-encrypted function definition: parameter initialization: given the system size initialize the parameters, and output the public parameters mpk and the main private key msk setup(m) (mpk msk key generation: the main private key msk and attribute assignment input, calculate output user private key skk keygen(msk skk encryption algorithm: enter the public parameters mpk and encryption policy policy, calculate the session key and ciphertext encrypt (mpk policy) (ek decryption algorithm: enter the public parameters mpk user's private key skk calculated recover the session key decrypt (mpk skk iff match(policy,a)= for instance: create collection the following property values: university name: {......, "harvard university", "stanford university", "tsinghua university", ...}, department: {..., "college biology", "college chemistry", "school information", ...}, year: {...,"", "", "", ""...}, role: {..., "professor committee," "academic committee," "academic degrees committee," ...}. the above security policy can redefined for any resource (including files, storage, network channel, process, etc.) policy: (university name {"harvard university", "stanford university"} and year and role "degree committee" and department {"biology", "chemistry"}). suppose user has the following identity attributes: seele {university name: "stanford university", year: role: "degree committee", department: "school information"}, this means that the user was stanford university information academy and member the degree committee. obviously, the user's identity can pass the above security policy authentication, and therefore, will allowed access the resources encrypted the above policy. security multi-party computing the theoretical model secure multi-factoring has been historically proposed earlier. dr. andrew chi-chih yao proposed the problem yao's millionaire. from israeli scholar golderich proposed several definitions and improved the concept secure multi-party computing. the scenario data collaborative computing based blockchain and intelligent contract, multiple participants who need data exchange and computation assume that there are participants, pn, complete certain computing task together, and both parties hope accomplish collaborative tasks, but also want retain ownership and control the source data, only open each other limited data access. for this typical scenario, use multi-party security computing technology deal with. through the secure multi-computing cryptography algorithm, the multi-party data combination computing completed the contract virtual machine the intelligent contract cluster without compromising the original data each party, and the business processed under the premise ensuring the privacy user data. ecology/governance/incentive developer ecology order get better development, public blockchain needs attract developers invest the platform's ecological construction and application development through excellent underlying technologies and good environment for developers, and promote the healthy development the community. problems take the development ethereum dapp for example, there are several seele questions below: there are still lot imperfections overcome spite rich development tools and framework. fact, very complicated collect materials because differences usages varying languages and frameworks. the documents are quite few but messy and without timely update. due the subsequent version upgrade, many examples documents has been overdue. there are still lot problems solve. there perfect cross-platform access solution. although now it's easier develop some web applications, many mobile applications don't have multi-terminal access function resulting from imperfect sdk support. perfect guideline still needs produced from the beginning for the development, testing and deployment the entire contract, although there are various development environments like private blockchain, testing blockchain and main blockchain. solutions response these problems, according the experience unity engine game industry, our group develop complete contract development tool, seeleeditor, which will with the following features: complete application development tool chain. will support the development, testing, and deployment contracts one environment. cross-platform sdk support and prompt updates technical documents improve development efficiency and diversity applications different platforms. build plug-in store, like unity, provide contract development components and sample programs improve development efficiency. therefore, developers could not only develop specific applications but also develop support components for revenues. ide with community modules. any problems related the development can communicated and promptly resolved it. industry application ecology blockchain technology the present stage has already gone beyond the simple book function. seele essentially super-distributed cloud computer with millions tps and complete storage system that can provide richer seele applications addition applications about the financial assets transaction, token issuance and prediction markets offered blockchain technology. social platform. build social platform like steemit that can encourage users create more good contents tokens. blockchain live platform can built for users tip anchors directly. the transparency payment can eliminate many problems the platform like self-consumption and opaque commission. games blockchains. the emergence ethereum-based cryptkitties has offered new direction for the game industry. cat the blockchain, born the chain, grown the chain and died the chain, will permanent digital asset its owner and will not disappear due the closure game publishers. brings great imagination for games the blockchains. however, cat can make ethereum cloggy and increase transaction costs significantly, then what will happen more games appear? therefore, the industry urgently needs better infrastructure support the development games. seele can assume this responsibility. internet things. blockchain has always been good solution for the internet things because its superiority distributed calculation, data management, security and transparency. however, due high power consumption and inefficiency the traditional blockchain, has not been well developed. seele, based eda consensus algorithm, with ultra-low power consumption and high concurrency capability, suitable for this scenario. our hierarchical consensus mechanism also has great advantages for iota algorithm cannot completely avoid "double spend" and ddos attacks. other enterprise applications. based our forest-chain structure, it's easy create application chain for one specific enterprise application. variety customized services can developed it. through the nvtp protocol, these enterprise applications can also directly make cross-blockchain communication and value delivery, thus bring flexibility and convenience enterprise applications. economic system token our consensus algorithm has good feature that the more nodes involve in, the higher the consensus efficiency and the shorter the transaction confirmation time is. giving that, shall encourage more nodes join the network improve network performance and its security. seele this end, introduce token mechanism. will mainly used two aspects: the first reward participated nodes with tokens, which also way final currency issuance; the second charge transaction fees. need prepare for sybil attacks charging fees, because the bandwidth and computing resources will consumed during the transaction. the charged fees will used reward consensus nodes. incentives present, the mainstream blockchains will give fixed rewards block nodes way issuing currency. addition, transaction fees are also used incentives. there are three main ways charge transaction fees: change mechanism adopted bitcoin. the change each transaction used reward miners ethereum's gas mechanism. calculate the consumption gas value and then make price for gas value strict accordance with the calculation and storage behind the transaction. the gas value multiplied the price equals the final transaction fees. eos exemption from transaction fees. the premise that the user initiating the transaction shall hold certain tokens enjoy resources the system. the number tokens determines the amount resources. after seeing these transactions, miners will then choose the high transaction costs maximize profits. therefore, the essence incentive system the allocation resources: how improve the maximum utilization resources under limited resources. for this problem, the traditional mainstream approach essentially the following two simple solutions: who has the money will the one charge; who seizes seat ahead schedule the one charge; our opinion, the allocation resources should not decided such easy way. the blockchain technology selection and programs shall refer the actual modes governance society. here, our principle is: efficiency and fairness. terms incentives, adopt hierarchical incentive mechanism based participation and value. mainly includes the following two aspects: the participation incentive transaction consensus because expansion consensus, the larger and more stable the nodes are, the higher the efficiency and system performance are. therefore, need encourage more nodes join the network and participate the transaction consensus, order improve network performance and security. tokens are rewarded the final deal convergence nodes way token issuance. the seele rewarded tokens will decreased over time. addition, nodes can also get certain transaction fees reward. different from the traditional pow mining mode, our consensus algorithm does not need strong calculation ability but good network connectivity, and through the connection nodes, can participate the transaction consensus get rewards. therefore, the contribution our nodes depends performance bandwidth and network, and bandwidth more important than hashrate. bandwidth resources are distributed national resources, avoiding the concentration hashrate. moreover, the lower-level our network has strong penetration ability, which can make large number intranet nodes participate the whole transaction consensus greatly increase the size nodes. packing block value incentives each time node generates block, the system will reward block-delivers with certain tokens based the value package transaction. here the system will provide corresponding value measurement according different types transactions. this way, can encourage more valuable transactions identified faster improve efficiency the network. for transaction fee, employ similar charging mode with ethereum's gas, namely calculating gas costs the transaction. but the cost gas will dynamically adjusted according running status the system ensure certain fairness. through the mechanism above, hope give consideration both efficiency and fairness improve efficiency the entire system. governance structure the development blockchain, for some problems that cannot solved algorithm, people shall make agreement some subjective issues. otherwise, many unpredictable problems will appear the whole system. few examples are follows: the serious disagreement between bitcoin's core team and miners has caused the division the entire community that various fork coins emerge with the advent bitcoin. bitcoin ethereum account will completely discarded once you forget the private key. therefore, bitcoins below many addresses will always lost forever and will not participate circulation the entire system. fork caused dao the history ethereum seele stolen and frozen accidents ethereum parity the current bad solutions these problems have caused many serious consequences, and thus many people have lost confidence blockchain technology. still need take some measures solve such problems, according some solutions the real world. seele, the governance power stems from the token holders who delegate power the block builder. the block builders are given limited and supervised privileges freeze accounts, update defective applications, and make change the underlying protocol. token holders are generated randomly our consensus algorithm, which will randomly select group people from the fastest responding nodes, get the final list weighting heir holding tokens, and update regularly. these nodes will undertake the governance functions within this time frame. those nodes that have good network connectivity and fast response will more likely chosen governance nodes. they combine the advantages pos and pow, and take nodes' participation into consideration, which reflect fairness and will avoid collusion attacks. the block builder election part seele. the blockchain can only changed upon the approval block builders. block builders can voted down they refuse make expected changes. block builders make some changes blockchains without permission the token holder, all other non-productive full-node verifiers (switches, etc.) will refuse change. this way, certain issue can solved voting it. core team dr. wei, chief scientist phd visual science, city, university london msc computer science, the university oxford deputy secretary general, china blockchain technology innovation and application alliance first author blockchain technology related patents, (status pending, submitted former london university postdoctoral, fellow, graduate doctoral tutor. research interests: blockchain, cryptography, data analysis, image processing and visual science. has been invited attend international academic conferences. his work has been published journals such the new england journal medicine. his articles and opinions have been collected the bbc, london chinese seele radio, complex and other media reports. dr. gong hui, digital cryptocurrency expert ph.d. ucl financial mathematics ucl block chain technology research center researcher sino-british blockchain association founder yuen long financial information services (shanghai) co., ltd. ceo dr. maolin zheng big data computing, mathematical modeling, predictive analytics credit risk management, decision optimization, discrete optimization postdoctoral research fellow nserc, gerad, university montreal decision optimization expert, fico, san francisco former cto and chief scientist, beijing guozhengtong technologies, beijing former chief scientist credit risk management, creditease, beijing dr. nick smith, medical data analyst distributed computing, cloud computing, grid computing engineers postdoctoral university london, doctoral tutor years experience distributed systems and cloud computing good distributed network architecture design, performance testing, and has many years data analysis, data modeling, image processing and data conversion experience incumbent moorfields eye hospital honorary researcher dr. fiona glen, senior health data analyst postdoctoral city university london, researcher honorary researcher the moorfields ophthalmology hospital, good quantitative analysis and simulation patient's real world medical data involved the design and implementation some large research projects for british national medical service systems. liu wensi, big data platform architect master, peking university years core technology development experience senior software development manager/senior software engineer, microsoft cloud computing research and development engineers, sina search engines architect, china mobile feixin chief engineer, blockchain project china longbang wisdom port seele zheng junjie, block chain based platform architect years core technology development experience and team manager technical expert experts'group, tencent leading tencent mobile qqmusic, reading, qzone hundreds millions users such app led tencent sword, legend swordsman and other phenomenon-level mobile games; dominated gordon information mobile phone streaming media, video surveillance system development; member avanquest cdc china r&d center founding team; has number independent development and design invention patents hong zhixiong blockchain experts master, peking university more than years internet product development experience engaged distributed networks, cloud computing, games and other areas product development tencent former senior engineer well-known hand-travel fishing main programmers three years continuous entrepreneurial experience, delivered several blockchain related products qiao zhigang network and distributed system experts master information science, peking university over years experience internet based core modules network, search technology, distributed systems have in-depth study. beijing east jiahe cultural development co., ltd. infrastructure director shanghai alliance information technology co., ltd. product operations center, deputy general manager beijing guangsheng mastery network technology co., ltd. technical director zhou lei hao big data platform architect northeastern university bachelor baidu senior engineer baidu takeaway big data platform leader years experience distributed system development architecture good big data infrastructure, distributed offline computing and real-time computing, distributed storage and other fields seele yongxing, smart contract platform architect master, beihang university years core technology development experience architect, beijing datong block chain technology institute technical project leader, beihang software development environment state key laboratory senior test development engineer, baidu qiu bo, platform senior engineer master, beihang university years core technology development experience big data platform computing framework designer, microsoft big data platform service layer development senior software engineer, microsoft senior software engineer, technologies duan wei, senior engineer, consensus algorithm bachelor, jilin university dangdang r&d engineers senior engineer, baidu gong liaoan, senior engineer, consensus algorithm master, beijing university posts and telecommunications senior engineers, baidu jia zhiwei, senior engineer, blockchain platform bachelor, beijing institute technology software engineer, dangdang senior software engineer, microsoft bigdata team seele roadmap seele postscript note this white paper partial overview the key technologies and ecosystems covered seele. the development and progress technology are endless, new forms application are also emerging. the white paper seele will continuously updated technology advances and applications expand. line with the ambitious goal innovating new era value internet, seele welcomes the participation developers and service providers the world join the ecosystem and build new ecosystem innovation, development and win-win cooperation. references vitalik buterin, ethereum: next-generation smart contract and decentralized application platform, http://ethereum.org/ethereum.html https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/smart_contract oded goldreich and warning, secure multi-party computation, seele https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/byzantine_fault_tolerance https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/attribute-based_encryption