selfcoin platform launch your own token economy abstract selfcoin blockchain-based platform, providing individuals needs issuing tokens with systematic solution, including token issuance, exchanges and other necessary supporting facilities, such personal credit rating model and risk evaluating model. users can issue individual tokens the platform for various purposes. selfcoin takes full advantage blockchain technology, including right confirmation, high liquidity and high transparency, and creates entirely new market: capital can get rid the limitation traditional venture capital and invest directly individuals. everyone able create his her own token, result, the current economic system will optimized great extent. token economy landscape blockchain solves the double spending problem, enabling the internet not only transmit information but also transmit value. decentralized blockchain network, token incentives, rewards and penalty scheme together shape users' behavior this economic system. token economy such well designed economic system for the internet transmit value based blockchain technology. token economy indivisible part blockchain technology. for example, the intellectual property superstars one the most valuable assets blockchain. the stars can strengthen his her connection the fans through issuing tokens, reducing the intermediaries costs and increasing the efficiency for communication. finally the star's token economy enhances the value his her intellectual property. for another example, students can gain more resources for his her career development via issuing tokens, and meanwhile investors can gain investment returns sharing the future the students. these talents's token economy shares their future value and increases their future value. selfcoin platform creates economic model individuals tokens, which introduced the world for the first time. each individual can issue cryptocurrency cryptocurrency can traded freely the platform platform provides supporting facilities for application scenarios cryptocurrency the other hand, selfcoin platform could apply many different types people based above functionalists. stars for sharing and increasing their personal ips. rising stars for gaining resources and creating their ips. young talents for gaining resources and caring community. technical structure selfcoin business digital assets selfcoin platform could issue millions tokens selfcoin mainnet, like ethereum issues erc tokens. while all these tokens are native digital assets instead contract-based digital assets. compared with contract-based tokens, native digital assets are more safer since there are possible bugs, which almost unavoidable considering the difficulties update smart contract. terms security, selfcoin issuance mechanism should lose partial programmable capability digital assets, however, later selfcoin smart contract will describe how selfcoin mitigate the programmable capability. another advantage native digital assets its performance. there need load smart contract visual machine operate tokens, the transaction per seconds much faster. there competing gaining hashrate among different contracts and then more kinds digital assets can issued. the abbreviation for individuals tokens could characters, and selfcoin platform could support easily one token for everyone the earth. the same time, all these tokens share similar transaction rate with selfcoins. exchange the exchange supports millions digital currency transactions and has millisecond-level transaction matching speeds. reduce the trading barrier, our team will develop quantitative trading robot based technology accelerate trading speed, increase trading volume, well cater different trading habits. the graph below presents high-level structure individual token exchange. the most important part the exchange technology the high scalability the matching engine cluster. with the business growth, more matching engine could deployed automatically. the trading pairs between selfcoins and individuals tokens could also supported easily since all individuals tokens follow the same interface selfcoin platform. with these two key issues resolved, individual tokens exchange could easily grow support millions different tokens. well-designed and intuitive gui and api will improve user experience, and high performance message queue working together with persistence and log capability will provide low latency and stable message communication and traceability. last but not least, the database needs well-tuning and index design avoid becoming the performance bottleneck. gui api clearing and settlement authorization rule-based rule-based matching engine matching engine ...... rule-based matching engine message queue asynchronized transaction persistence log database layer the chart below describes the transaction process selfcoin exchange platform. client authorization matching ask bid engine queue queue register platform and complete kyc aml buy talents token using selfcoins buy transaction goes bid queue request ask queue match the transaction return the information match the transaction determine partial completed match smart contract although selfcoin platform doesn't use smart contract issue cryptocurrencies, smart contract still important. the one hand, selfcoin platform plays the role intermediary for individuals raise funds, and smart contract can ensure transparency and fairness that process. unlike erc contract, selfcoin platform smart contract could involve multiple individuals tokens. much easier for users interact bundle individual tokens within one smart contract. the other hand, when the issuers give back the investors, smart contract can greatly increase the efficiency loading issuers' confessed credit information ratings and automatically trigger the distribution tokens the investors. unlike other smart contracts, selfcoin smart contract doesn't need coding and programming. the basis turing completeness, users can drag and drop all logical models compose user-defined smart contract the platform, which substantially reduces the technological barrier for users and thus expands the application scope smart contract. technical indicators indicator value abbreviation selfcoin consensus initial total coins block interval delegates transaction fee virtual mining rewards ssc dpos ,,, approximate seconds delegates ssc ssc per block selfcoin issuance structure overview the first round token generation event (the "tge") has been completed december within hours targeting only private individuals. minimal investment requirement: coins equivalents price: ssc (selfcoins) bonus plan: according investing time, bonus could the ssc bonuses are kept custody selfcoin fund, and will return backers months (equally) after listing the first exchange. additional bonus granted for selfcoins purchasers using act tokens. the price investment token (act/btc/eth) are based the prices coinmarketcap :pm (sgt), the day confirmation the transfer the funds the blockchain. selfcoins allocation: first round tge second round tge core team partners advisors selfcoin fund reserve for selfcoin team selfcoin team will get the selfcoins. this allocation selfcoins will give incentives the selfcoin team look forward increase the value selfcoins. ensure that incentive, selfcoin team members will not allowed sell their selfcoins immediately. the amount selfcoins for the core selfcoin team that will released each month will limited the total amount selfcoins issued. percentage stage comments first round this part will used for future product development, tge marketing, public relations. the use these funds will published periodically, for transparency purposes. second this part will reserved for future long term product round tge development, marketing, public relations. the use funds will published periodically. initial core this part will reserved for the initial core team for team their contribution the selfcoin project. the selfcoins will locked and released monthly after their listing exchanges the amount selfcoins for the core selfcoin team that will released each month will limited the total amount selfcoins issued. advisors advisors, early backers, and institutional backers which early have provided material contribution the early stage backers selfcoin development, including but not limited institutiona funders, human resources, strategic supports. this part backers the return their early investment into the selfcoin project. total selfcoins are kept selfcoin foundation and released months equally. total selfcoins are kept selfcoin foundation and released months equally. selfcoin this part will used for selfcoin fund for future fund development and partnerships selfcoin ecosystem. the use selfcoins should approved selfcoin fund and will published periodically. selfcoin ico financial target selfcoin ico fundraising target is, regarding the funds needed develop the platform, fixed max cap ,,, selfcoins, each selfcoin representing issuance date. selfcoin repartition second round tge structure the second round tge shall realized before precise date and price the second round tge will disclosed later date. the number tokens for sale during this second round will ssc exchange rate that remains determined. contributions will accepted eth, act and btc. for each subscription eth and btc, daily conversion rate will applied ex-post, through the closing values given the website coinmarketcap.com. subscriptions fiat money will not accepted. contributions will received through escrow accounts, after registration selfsell.com website. before being able subscribe, backers will need clear kyc/amf process. contributions will subject to: not being national (citizenship residency) canada, china, cuba, iran, iraq, syria, yemen, north korea, singapore united states america, any country where contribution selfcoin ico could considered contrary law regulation; not being having been involved any terrorist politically exposed affair. the kyc/aml process consists verifying the selfcoins purchaser status. achieve this process, all selfcoins purchasers will need provide the following information onto selfcoin website: for natural person (acting within the scope his professional activities): first name and last name; date and place birth; nationality; current address/registered address; country tax residency and residential address; email address; copy the selfcoins purchaser passport card; photo the selfcoins purchaser appearing near his registered passport card; address from which the funds will disbursed; origin the funds declaration; and non-politically exposed person declaration. for legal person: organizational/company name; headquarters registered address; scan business license; tax identification number; address from which the funds will disbursed; legal representative first name and last name; legal representative copy passport card; legal representative non-politically exposed person declaration; and photo the legal representative appearing near his registered passport card. selfcoin business model analysis stated section selfcoin platform could used for different purposes. with each niche market, the business model could different. below describes typical business models use selfcoin platform. investment talents selfsell, sub-brand selfcoin platform, helps young talents who have dreams share their future income specific percentage that does not affect their future life investors order obtain raise funds, achieve their ideals, pursue their dreams without economic pressure. this optimal path maximize the value talents and help them realize their dreams. for backers, the investment talents efficient way maximize investment returns. the financing invested education, training, physical and mental health and other aspects talents will make significant changes the invested objects. the realization every talent's dream will have huge impact investment income. selfsell platform talent talent kyc aml validating collect necessary information for big data based credit rating. selfsell platform notify credit and background credit rating rating results. backers backers backers satisfy the credit rating and issue the token. selfsell platform smart contract selfsell proposes new revolutionary platform merging several innovations that are crowdfunding, crowdlending and initial coin offerings, order provide key individuals with great potential (talents, rising artists, internet celebrities and promising individuals general) new disruptive way realize their dreams and ambitions. selfsell gives them access the booming market icos, where they will find backers fund them exchange personal reward, which can future services advantages decided the individuals. the financial ecosystem has been the first system using blockchain technology create new innovative ways work. blockchain can now used register shares traditional companies, fundraising, develop cost-effective trusts. the fundraising side, since early initial coin offerings have allowed lots companies get funded private backers through this new and innovative financing alternative. the vision selfsell that this technology will spread widely into business area and several years, the mainstream would getting funded directly from investors. selfsell structure explanation individuals (dave mary) want issue their own individuals tokens, they onto selfsell platform and fulfill kyc/aml forms. after verification their kyc/aml information, they get access selfsell platform credit evaluation tool for personal credit rating, based big data regarding their personal background and credit background. selfsell platform publishes the credit rating scores and address selfcoins holders through the selfsell platform. this stage, selfsell platform decides refuse access selfsell market dave due poor rating scores (either because his credit background because his past experiences) order protect selfcoins holders, and drafts smart contract with mary, which has passed validly through selfsell background verification, based only the conditions mary wants offer selfcoins holders (the better her score is, the better conditions she will get from the market). after collecting all information from "selfsell platform authority" and "credit evaluation", selfsell platform individuals token offering ready issue mary ico, keeping selfcoins holders informed the results her background scores. become valid backer selfsell platform, backers need pass kyc and aml process successfully. once whitelisted, order purchase individuals tokens, backers need purchase selfcoins first any supported cryptocurrency exchanges. potential backers transfer selfcoins from exchanges onto selfsell platform token storage. potential backers check the information listed and mary ico conditions (rewards, duration, guarantees...) and determine they want invest their selfcoins into mary ico. once mary ico terminated, depending the minimum cap reached not, she will able collect her selfcoins, selfcoins will return initial selfcoins holders. selfsell platform individual token offering issues mary token each investor according their investment. once mary tokens are issued, backers can hold their tokens waiting for their rewards decide trade selfsell platform individual token exchange. mary provides backers with their rewards (either services, advantages portion her income (in selfcoins)) and thanks selfsell platform repayment distribution tool, smart-contract based program allowing her simply redistribute rewards such selfcoins automatically all mary token holders. investment superstars superstars, called idols, are able gain great attraction from fans his her acting skills, singing skills, professional abilities, characters even appearance. from the perspective fans, they need truly express their love the superstars, and use star token intermediary the most straightforward way interact with superstars. this kind behavior can expanded many business areas and then huge industry called fan economy comes into existence. fans will express their support and love the singers, actors athletes through purchasing cds, concert tickets, movie tickets, sports game tickets and on. they will also consume the commercial goods that are recommended the stars. apart from that, because the evident support from fans, stars are able build enormous intangible assets. for instance, stars can bring great revenues movies ads which they act, bring great brand recognition entertainment programs which they participate. all these are proofs the great intangible assets fans economy. selfcoin platform provides the stars with platform issue their tokens. the tokens can used for the payment all kinds fan-related commercial activities, including peripheral goods, concert tickets, sports game tickets, advertised products and on. possible, fans with plenty tokens can also have the opportunity interact with the stars many different ways. sum up, token can used for any application scenario, which helps increase star's personal and improve the communication between stars and fans. own part your superstar!these are really exciting words for fans. superstar token provides great opportunity for fans express their love and interact with the stars more straightforward way. presentation selfcoin team yuan president yuan, founder selfcoin, ceo beijing thinkyoung technology co., ltd, expert blockchain technology. yuan graduated from huazhong university science and technology computer science and obtained master degree from guanghua school management peking university. yuan serial entrepreneur. during his undergraduate studying, led start team product manager. during his studying peking university, started his first company. led his team explore deeply and practice lot order help young people achieve their dreams. from then on, came with the ideal using commercial ways truly help young people. after joining thinkyoung, led his team win the first prize the chinese blockchain innovation competition and the first prize blockchain development competition. yuan launched selfcoin, platform aiming redefining human capital. "selfcoin will break the barrier between capital and human value" yuan believes, "it will lead new revolution human value investment". selfcoin's business model even gained support from mr. thomas j.sargent, nobel prize winning economist and leader the "rational expectations revolution" ligong liu product director ligong liu graduated from one the top universities china, nwpu, majored computer science. after years solid technical training computer science, entered telecommunication industry and worked for zte, famous chinese telecom giant and nortel, canadian telecom giant. from his working experience, ligong has been able assimilate multiple new concepts, such gpp standard, enterprise software with millions code lines, and played the key role professional software life cycle manager. not satisfied with his senior engineering and software architecting experiences, ligong moved another blue giant, ibm, which attracts him due its deep technical innovation tradition. after these experiences, ligong started take major roles several projects, such product manager, technical leader, business strategist, directly advocating customers with cloud computing and open source technologies. with the dream addressing thousands people through his own business, ligong got mba degree iug switzerland and then joined beijing thinkyoung technology co., ltd, blockchain startup where used the abilities developed for years order become leading expert this growing domain. strong his technological and financial expertises, ligong started apply this amazing technology into supply chain, supplement/finance, goods tracking, identification certification, etc. with the blooming blockchain technology, felt that was time for him work for selfcoin together with yuan, ceo beijing thinkyoung, help individuals realize their dreams creating exchanges between individuals' future values and their present needs. selfcoin advisors selfcoin partners terms and conditions article general disclaimer the information contained the present selfcoin white paper subject change the final version. part this selfcoin white paper can considered legally binding enforceable, nor meant be, until has been discussed, reviewed and revised selfcoin teams and advisors final version issued. these terms and conditions (the "t&c") apply automatically all selfcoins potential purchasers within the framework the selfcoin ico. all selfcoins purchasers acknowledge and accept all following provisions and all additional provisions available selfcoin company (the "company" "selfcoin") website (www.selfsell.com) (the "website"). adhering these t&c, selfcoins purchasers expressly acknowledge having read and understood the selfcoin white paper, the selfcoin project and been comprehensively informed about the risks arising from the selfcoin ico and the following individuals icos. any selfcoins purchaser deemed fully aware all the legal norms and technical constraints relating the purchase, possession, functionality, use, storage, transmission, mechanisms and complexity associated with tokens and cryptocurrencies based blockchain technologies and the services that selfcoin intend offer. all selfcoins purchasers expressly acknowledge the random nature the selfcoin project presented this document and that selfcoin project may not come fruition may have abandoned due technical, legal regulatory constraints, without the selfcoins being issued used onto selfcoin platform. selfcoin white paper does not provide any information susceptible constitute basis for investment decision, and specific investment recommendation made. accordingly, this selfcoin white paper does not constitute offer invitation purchase shares, securities rights belonging selfcoin any related associated company, (ii) nor investment advice any security financial instrument any nature whatsoever. selfcoin expressly disclaims any liability for any direct indirect loss damage any kind arising directly indirectly from: any reliance the information contained the selfcoin white paper; any error, omission inaccuracy said information; any resulting action that may brought. selfcoin white paper does not comply with any legal requirement regulation encompasses initial coin offerings white paper the date hereof. therefore, has not been subject prior approval from any regulatory bodies. the selfcoin project still early stage its development the date this selfcoin white paper. its business model, smart contract, software, blockchain technology, consensus mechanism, algorithm, code, infrastructure design, other technical, legal and business specifications and parameters may updated and changed frequently without notice. while this selfcoin white paper contains date key information selfcoin project, subject adjustments and updates from time time. selfcoins potential purchaser does not accept abide all the provisions the present selfcoin white paper does not understand all parts it, shall not purchase any the selfcoins, either during the ico after. selfcoins purchasers agree not use the ico website, the issued tokens and, more generally, any content service provided him selfcoin that does not comply with the t&c herein. article participation the selfcoin ico profile the selfcoin ico participants participation the selfcoin ico limited natural legal persons acting only within the scope their professional activities. private individuals acting non-professional basis simple consumers, within the meaning directive //eu the european parliament and the council october consumer rights, are excluded from the selfcoin ico. selfcoins purchase reserved for experienced professionnals who have in-depth understanding the nature the selfcoin project and services attached it, advanced knowledge the technologies used selfcoin team (blockchain, big data), and knowing how participate selfcoin ico and protect their selfcoins from piracy technical loss post-ico. citizenship and residence selfcoin ico participants documents linked the selfcoin ico, such this selfcoin white paper, may not transmitted distributed "u.s. citizen", canada, china, cuba, iran, iraq, syria, yemen, north korea, singapore citizen mail email addresses the united states america, canada, china, cuba, iran, iraq, syria, yemen, north korea, singapore united states america. prohibited transmit, distribute reproduce documents linked the selfcoin ico for "u.s. citizen" within the territories the united states america, whole part, canada, china, cuba, iran, iraq, syria, yemen, north korea singapore citizen. ensure their eligibility for the purchase selfcoins, all selfcoins purchaser expressly declare that they are not canada, china, cuba, iran, iraq, syria, yemen, north korea, singapore citizens "u.s. citizen" (within the meaning "regulation the securities act under u.s. law), this term being understood covering: any private individual resident the united states america; any partnership business organized established under u.s. law; any property which the executor administrator u.s. citizen; any trust which proxy american citizen; any agency branch foreign entity located the united states america; any non-discretionary account similar account (other than trust property) held trader other trustee for the benefit behalf u.s. citizen; any discretionary account similar account (other than trust trust) held trader other trustee, that organized, established (if private individual) resident the united states america; and any partnership company if: organized established under the law foreign jurisdiction; and formed u.s. citizen primarily for the purpose investing securities not listed under the u.s. securities act, unless organized established, and owned, accredited backers who are not private individuals, trusts properties. more generally, potential selfcoins purchasers authorized participate the selfcoin ico shall warrant, represent and agree that they are not citizen, tax permanent resident country where the purchase cryptographic tokens under the selfcoin ico prohibited, restricted requires registrations any kind (the "authorized purchasers"). conditions respect for selfcoin ico participants any selfcoins purchaser solely liable for determining which legal, accounting, financial and fiscal conditions any nature required comply with order participate the selfcoin ico, accordance with the laws and regulations applicable his country residence. selfcoin may not held liable for selfcoins purchaser's filing obligations the country which domiciled. each selfcoins purchaser shall take full responsibilities declare, bear and pay all taxes, duties, imposts, leviers, tariffs and surcharges that might imposed laws and regulations any jurisdiction result connection with the receipt, holding, use, purchase, appreciation, trading, remittance disposal selfcoins (no matter whether purchased during the selfcoin ico otherwise acquired). each selfcoins purchaser shall solely liable for all such penal consequences, claims, fines, penalties, liabilities otherwise arising from his underpayment, undue payment, belated payment non-payment any relevant tax. selfcoin does not give any advice tax related matters and makes representation the tax implication participating selfcoin ico, any, any selfcoins purchaser's participation the selfcoin ico. the responsibility each selfcoins purchaser consult his legal, regulatory and tax advisors before purchasing selfcoins during and after the selfcoin ico. kyc/aml and contribution process participation the selfcoin ico entirely voluntary basis. the following actions will not deemed commitment obligation participate the selfcoin ico purchase any selfcoins: visiting the website; singing the website; requesting reading any materials (such this selfcoin white paper) made available selfcoin team; communicating with the selfcoin team any manner. only authorized purchasers are allowed participate selfcoin ico. cases where selfcoin team discovers that the purchase selfcoins any selfcoins purchaser violate any applicable regulatory requirements, including but not limited aml and counter-terrorism financing, such purchase shall deemed invalid with retroactive effect. the selfcoin team reserves the rights immediately deny the relevant person's ability participate the selfcoin ico, cancel delivery any selfcoins and request full return any selfcoins that has already been delivered. such actions will irrespective any contribution that could have been made that selfcoins purchaser. selfcoin team reserves the right reject any contribution its absolute discretion. the "know your customer" (kyc) procedure instrumental the prevention against money laundering and terrorist financing. order complete the selfcoin ico kyc and aml verifications, authorized purchasers are required to: register the website; and submit all the following information instructed: for natural person (acting within the scope his professional activities): first name and last name; date and place birth; nationality; current address/registered address; country tax residency and residential address; email address; copy the selfcoins purchaser passport card; photo the selfcoins purchaser appearing near his registered passport card; address from which the funds will disbursed; origin the funds declaration; and non-politically exposed person declaration. for legal person: organizational/company name; headquarters registered address; scan business license; tax identification number; address from which the funds will disbursed; legal representative first name and last name; legal representative copy passport card; legal representative non-politically exposed person declaration; and photo the legal representative appearing near his registered passport card. selfcoins purchaser shall then, directly the website any other equivalent mean: declare that not canada, china, cuba, iran, iraq, syria, yemen, north korea, singapore citizen, nor "u.s. person"; tick the box hereby certify that have read, understood and expressly accept selfsell white paper provisions and terms and conditions"; provide btc, eth act public address with which will realize his contribution; provide the amount his contribution btc, eth act. each step needs followed and complied with all selfcoins authorized purchasers for them get whitelisted selfcoin team (the "whitelisted purchasers"). selfcoins cannot mobilized transferred the authorized purchaser wallet until: the tokens are unlocked result successfully reaching the minimum required subscription threshold; and when all kyc and aml verifications are deemed satisfied the selfcoin team required; whichever later. depending the accuracy and the nature the information provided, selfcoin may request additional information and/or documents evidence identity source funds. the selfcoins refuses provide such additional information documents, selfcoin team may, its sole discretion, refuse the selfcoins' purchasers contribution and may not held liable for such refusal. once kyc and aml verifications are satisfied, authorized purchasers are whitelisted and get the possibility subscribe selfcoin ico transferring eth, btc act the address announced onto the website. article selfcoins characteristics although selfcoins may grant access future individuals icos and certain functionalities utilities the selfcoin blockchain, selfcoin not and shall case understood, deemed, interpreted construed as: any kind money: regardless whether fiat non-fiat currency; any security any financial instrument: selfcoin does not grant any right participate the control selfcoin's management the decisions its shareholders, over the platform and does not grand any financial rights onto selfcoin financial results. therefore, selfcoins purchasers accept and acknowledge that these selfcoins not entitle their owners participate any decision vote within selfcoin, benefit from selfcoin's results, derive any economic other gain from selfcoin; any kind investment equity debt form any venture; instrument that participates any gross net profits; any type financial derivatives interest collective investment scheme; any negotiable instrument (such commercial paper); any form investment contract (including future contract) between the holder and any other person entity; any asset commodity that any person entity obliged repurchase redeem; any debenture, loan stock, fund, bond, note, warrant other instrument that entitles the holder any kind dividend, interest payment any kind return from any person; any electronic currency: selfcoins are not accepted outside the selfcoin network and selfcoin does not have fixed exchange value equal the amount delivered the time its issue. therefore, within the meaning directive //ec the european parliament and the council september the taking up, pursuit and prudential supervision the business electronic money institutions, selfcoin not electronic currency; any mean payment: selfcoin ico does not involve the purchase, and, or, sale cryptocurrencies and selfcoin's business does not consist receiving currencies against the delivery cryptocurrencies. such, selfcoin not mean payment within the meaning directive (//ec) november relating payment services the internal market, nor within the meaning the (eu) directive relating payment services (dsp ndeg the european parliament and the council november any option, right interest any the above. selfcoins shall considered cryptographic tokens used the platform. selfcoins are cryptographic tokens, i.e. unregulated digital asset issued and controlled its developers used and accepted the members given community, and has intrinsic value outside this community. therefore selfcoins belong the the category utility tokens, only grants its purchasers the right use the selfcoin platform and have exclusive access the valuation and scoring services over the individuals and access individuals icos accompaniment services offered selfcoin. prior any contribution, all selfcoins purchaser acknowledge and accept that selfcoins not, under any circumstance, represent any form investment financial investment and agree not attempt divert the tokens function for speculative purposes. selfcoins purchasers shall not obtain use selfcoins for any illegal purposes wherever the world, particular for money laundering and/or terrorism. article refund policy unless otherwise stated these t&c, contributions made selfcoins purchasers are irrevocable and not refundable under any circumstances. purchasing selfcoins, selfcoins purchasers acknowledge that neither selfcoin nor any member selfcoin team advisors are, will required provide any refund for any reason, and that selfcoins purchaser will not entitled receive money any other compensation for any selfcoin they hold that could not used onto the selfcoin platform. besides, the selfcoins offered for sale are deemed intangible property, having value functionality other than the selfcoin platform service, guarantee attached them following issuance. final contribution confirmed the selfcoin website may subsequently cancelled refunded. selfcoins purchasers acknowledge that they are fully aware that they will not entitled claim any full partial reimbursement under any circumstances whatsoever. article risks inherent selfcoin ico security and loss private key selfcoins purchasers security any selfcoins purchaser shall implement reasonable and appropriate measures designed secure access (i) any device associated with his selfcoin account, (ii) private keys required access any relevant blockchain address, and (iii) selfcoins purchaser username, password and any other login identifying credentials, used login onto the website. the loss destruction private key will permanently and irreversibly deny the holder access their selfcoins. selfcoins are controlled only the validation both the relevant unique public and private keys through the local online wallet. while all selfcoins holders are recommended protect and securely store their private keys, each holder responsible for safeguarding the private keys applicable their own wallets. selfcoin team has noted that several icos have been victims from hackers and phishing attempt for potential purchasers. please note that the ico will only take place selfcoin website. selfcoin team will not solicit any subscription email phone from its potential selfcoins purchasers. case doubt, please contact hi@selfsell.com. please informed that selfcoin team will never ask selfcoins holders provide phone, email through social media, their selfcoins wallet private key. selfcoins purchasers will assume full responsibility for the consequences any theft, malfunction misuse selfcoin platform selfcoins acquired, result lack security any use any person whom selfcoins purchaser has provided his credentials, intentionally not. selfcoin platform and blockchain security hackers, criminal groups organizations may attempt interfere with selfcoin platform the availability selfcoins several ways including, but not limited to, denial service attacks, sybil attacks, malware attacks consensus-based attacks. besides, selfcoin platform based open source software. there therefore risk that third parties, may intentionally unintentionally introduce weaknesses bugs into the selfcoin platform code, interfering with the use causing loss some all selfcoins. moreover, advancement cryptography technologies and techniques, including but not limited code cracking, developments artificial intelligence and/or quantum computers, could identified risks all cryptography-based systems including selfcoin blockchains and selfcoin platform. when such technologies and/or techniques are applied selfcoin blockchain, adverse outcomes such theft, loss, disappearance, destruction, devaluation other compromises the selfcoins held any person may result. the absolute security selfcoin platform and selfcoin blockchain cannot guaranteed the future cryptography security innovations unpredictable. selfcoins purchasers accept and acknowledge the risk see the selfcoin blockchain compromised, causing loss value selfcoins the loss part all selfcoins issued during selfcoin ico. selfcoin ico proceeds security there may attempts steal the selfcoin ico proceeds collected from selfcoins purchasers. while selfcoin will endeavor adopt industry best practices keep the proceeds safe (including but not limited the use cold storage), successful cyber thefts may still occur. any loss selfcoin ico proceeds arising from such theft(s) may impact the ability selfcoin fund the development maintenance selfcoin platform and selfcoin project. legal and regulatory risks selfcoin ico legal and regulatory risks blockchain technologies, cryptocurrencies and projects financing through cryptocurrencies have been the subject close scrutiny various regulatory bodies around the world. given the lack cryptocurrency qualifications most countries, each selfcoins purchaser strongly advised carry out legal and tax analysis concerning the purchase and ownership selfcoins according their own nationality and place residence. selfcoin project has not been registered under any jurisdiction date. crypto-assets may overseen the regulatory authorities number jurisdictions globally which may cause selfcoin platform subject scrutiny, which may conduct injunctions sanctions over selfcoin project. selfcoin may receive notices, queries, warnings, requests rulings from one more regulatory authorities upon short notices, may even ordered suspend terminate any action connection with the selfcoin ico the selfcoin blockchain whole without prior notices. the planning, development, marketing, promotion, execution selfcoin project the selfcoin ico may seriously affected, hindered, postponed terminated result regulators actions. selfcoins could deemed from time time virtual commodity, digital asset even securities currency various jurisdictions and therefore could prohibited from being traded held certain jurisdictions pursuant local regulations. there guarantee that selfcoin will able maintain legal status all jurisdictions addressed today selfcoin ico all times, selfcoin project may even never come fruition may have abandoned, leaving the issued selfcoins issued without any use. individuals icos legal and regulatory risks please note that under several jurisdiction laws and regulations, individuals icos may considered regulated activity that can only pursued regulated registered entities, may considered, under certain circumstances, loans. therefore, selfcoin may have register credit institution under any other available status, allowing pursue the development its activity and order able propose individuals icos onto the selfcoin platform. moreover, has noted that certain jurisdiction, such france, only the following structures can carry out credit transactions habitual basis: credit institution financing company licensed for such purpose the european central bank the relevant french authorities; and credit institution having its registered office member state the european union state which party the treaty european economic area the autorite controle prudentiel resolution has been duly notified advance the european central bank the relevant authority such state and provided that carries out only those credit transactions which authorized carry out its own state. therefore, individuals icos may not available every country where selcoin ico participation proposed, depending their analysis regulators. selfcoin will apply and make reasonable efforts comply with all necessary regulatory prerequisites order pursue its activity. depending the profile the individuals, different conditions may also apply comply with laws and regulations. selfcoin intends develop legal engineering after the selfcoin ico order determine the legal framework under which individuals icos will take place, and needed, comply, reasonably possible, with any regulatory provisions applying pursue its activities. selfcoin provides platform allowing individuals get funded exchange what could assimilated form repayment (even does not answer traditional loans characteristics), selfcoin platform may need partner with one the institutions allowed propose this kind products, order authorized proceed (or obtain one these status). selfcoin wants recall potential purchasers selfcoins that part the funds collected through selfcoin ico will dedicated the legal structure individuals icos (structuring the interface, legal study the status these icos, and subjects change function the legal analysis realized). for the sake individuals ico structuring, has noted that selfcoin solely responsible for deciding whether provide individuals icos opportunities selfcoins owners, within the technical, legal, economic other constraints imposed third parties the company itself its operations. the selfcoins purchaser's attention therefore drawn the fact that purchasing selfcoins does not confer automatic access the platform, and the individuals ico. some them, notably due application consumer law individual issuers, could not accessible every selfcoins owner. selfcoins may not used before the effective creation the platform. selfcoins will not reimbursed the event that the platform not ultimately developed, does not operate permanent basis. selfcoins purchasers acknowledge that this significant risk that they accept. technological risks due the technically complex nature selfcoin project, selfcoin could face difficulties that may unforeseeable and/or unsolvable. accordingly, the development selfcoin platform could fail, terminate delayed any time for any reason (including but not limited lack funds legal constraints). development failure termination may render selfcoins worthless and/or obsolete. addition, some the selfcoin platform features are currently under development. consequence, selfcoins purchasers accept that the development may not fully succeed, that selfcoin platform may never released and operational, even though selfcoin makes reasonable efforts deliver selfcoin platform time. the selfcoin platform may subject software and/or technical risks, some the features presented herein may never installed the platform. selfcoin team has chosen develop its platform the achain protocol and will switch its own proprietary protocol, with the help achain technologies soon after selfcoin ico, for its technical support, after having audited its performances terms exchange protocol and stability technologies. therefore, achain appears offer selfsell the best support for its platform, should able manage traffic correspondent hundreds thousands simultaneous individuals icos. selfcoins purchasers shall note that any malfunction, unplanned function, unexpected operation the achain protocol (and then selfcoin protocol) may cause the platform selfcoins malfunction operate way that not expected. act, achain account unit, may itself lose value similar way selfcoins, any other way. such case, achain's development does not exceeds selfcoin expectations, leading bottleneck for selfcoin's development, selfcoin will consider switching its underlying platform from achain blockchain another blockchain services supplier, order ensure the quality service selfcoin intend grant its clients, terms stability, rapidity and data security. violation privacy data protection laws selfcoin subject applicable privacy and data protection laws and regulations. any violations laws and regulations relating the safeguarding private information could subject selfcoin injunctions and/or sanctions. any such violations could adversely affect the ability selfcoin operate the selfcoin blockchain, which could have material adverse effect the selfcoin blockchain's operations well the utility selfcoins. amendment termination the selfcoin project amendment the selfcoin project the date these t&c, selfcoin still seeking legal advice number matters including but not limited the regulatory environment individuals icos and legal and regulatory requirements fulfilled the platform implement notably individuals icos and selfcoin platform exchange. pending such advice, some all aspects these t&c, the selfcoin white paper and other related marketing materials may need amended accordingly. while selfcoin will aim minimize the impact such changes the selfcoin project, selfcoins purchaser should aware the risks associated with possible changes, which may have adverse effects the benefits and legitimacy selfcoin project. also, selfcoin ico may terminated pursuant the conditions mentioned the t&c herein. termination the selfcoin project without being contrary anything contained herein, selfcoin shall entitled terminate selfcoin ico any the following events occurs: with without reasons, selfcoin elects cease the development the selfcoin blockchain prior, during after any step the selfcoin ico making announcement; the development selfcoin blockchain required any applicable law regulations terminate before, during after any step the selfcoin ico; selfcoin being notified any government any jurisdiction that selfcoin ico under investigation, prohibited, banned forced cease; and the development selfcoin blockchain discontinues prior the selfcoins issue due any force majeure event and selfcoin cannot reasonably expect resumption will take place within six months. selfcoin shall retain its full discretion declare termination selfcoin ico upon the occurrence any the above events while selfcoins purchasers shall not entitled object deny the decision made selfcoin. notwithstanding the termination selfcoin ico: the representations and warranties made each selfcoins purchaser shall remain true, complete, accurate and non-misleading; and the risk factors set forth the present article the t&c shall survive. loss inexistence selfcoins utility functions resulting the elements mentioned above, and although anticipate that selfcoins holders will benefit the future from certain utility functions selfcoin platform, selfcoins will have such utility issuance. although selfcoin will endeavor develop the selfcoin blockchain and apply utility functions for the benefit selfcoins holders, there can assurance that the selfcoins will ever provide any functional utility. risk capital loss the value selfcoins not guaranteed. purchasing selfcoins entails significant capital risk, which selfcoins purchasers acknowledge and accept. these selfcoins not belong regulated financial institutions and the loss some all their value not insured. selfcoin governance and resources selfcoin team will have broad discretion the use selfcoin ico proceeds and purchasers selfcoins will have rely upon their judgment. present, the selfcoin ico proceeds are expected used fund the technical development, promotion, legal structuring, marketing, ecosystem building and on-going maintenance the selfcoin platform and individuals icos. while selfcoin's directors endeavor spend these funds effectively possible, any failure effectively deploy the sale proceeds could have material adverse effect the development selfcoin blockchain and the utility the selfcoins. selfcoin company does not have substantial resources itself. selfcoin does not have any legally binding commitment from any person contribute additional capital make any loan it. selfcoin was unable fund its operations the future, selfcoin was become the subject bankruptcy other insolvency proceeding, selfcoin might unable continue operate the selfcoin blockchain, the selfcoin project and the utility selfcoins could materially adversely affected. selfcoin project attractiveness and effect decentralized blockchain technologies the utility and benefits selfcoin project depends the popularity the selfcoin blockchain. selfcoins may not popular, prevalent widely transacted soon after the selfcoin ico. selfcoins may remain marginalized the long run, appealing only minimal fraction the general public. the absence active users and low level commercial utilization may negatively affect the long-term development and future selfcoin project. after the selfcoin ico, selfcoin will not responsible for the subsequent circulation selfcoins. there will obligation for selfcoin redeem, repurchase acquire any selfcoins from any selfcoins holder. there can guarantee assurance that there will market marketplace where holders may readily buy sell selfcoins. due regulation issues, some jurisdiction may forbid the trading selfcoins exchanges their territory for their nationals. selfcoin does not control public access selfcoins exchanges where selfcoins are will listed. however, all potential selfcoins purchasers these exchanges shall subject the same prerequisites than those imposed selfcoins purchasers during the selfcoin ico detailed under article the present t&c. these elements may conduct large fluctuations price over short timeframes for selfcoins. selfcoins purchasers agree not attempt divert the selfcoins function for speculative purposes. selfcoin will not responsible for any secondary market trading selfcoins, regardless whether such markets exist not for selfcoins. other material risks selfcoin and its advisors may not held liable for any the following: use selfcoin services that are not considered compliant with the present t&c; non-performance, failure, malfunction unavailability the selfcoin platform for any reason; mismatch between the services developed and the selfcoins purchaser's needs; suspension access suspension services (in particular arising from request issued appropriate administrative judicial authority, notification received from third party); security incidents relating use the internet, concerning particular, the loss, alteration, destruction, disclosure unauthorized access the investor's data details via the internet; and loss, alteration destruction all part the content (information, personal financial data, files other items) hosted selfcoin platform; damages systems, application and other items installed the purchaser any third party the infrastructure. unforeseen risks cryptocurrencies and cryptographic tokens are new, untested technology. addition the risks stipulated above, there are other risks that selfcoin cannot predict. risks may also occur unanticipated combinations changes the risks stipulated herein. article representations and warranties except expressly stated these t&c, selfcoin platform selfcoins and all selfcoin services are provided "as is" and/or "under development" basis, without representations warranties any kind whatsoever, express implied the extent permitted law, including, but not limited to, accuracy and completeness any information provided the selfcoin white paper and/or these terms, merchantability fitness for particular purpose, that selfcoins are used and hold the sole risk the selfcoins purchaser, that selfcoin platform, selfcoins and/or the underlying selfcoin blockchain protocol will available uninterrupted and timely, will free from defects, errors and bugs, and/or will entirely secure. participating the selfcoin ico, the selfcoins purchaser represents and warrants that: all information submitted such selfcoins purchaser selfcoin true, complete, valid and non-misleading; authorized and has full power purchase, receive and hold cryptographic tokens, such selfcoins, according the laws applicable his jurisdiction; whitelisted purchaser defined the t&c herein; not canada, china, cuba, iran, iraq, syria, yemen, north korea singapore citizen nor "u.s. person"; only uses btc, eth act lawfully acquired through mining and/or trading make contribution the selfcoin ico and does not participate for any money-laundering, terrorism financing other illegal purposes; his participation the selfcoin ico entirely voluntary and the decision participate based wholly such selfcoins purchaser own independent judgment without being coerced, solicited, misled anyone else. does not require any consent, approval, order authorization of, qualification, registration, declaration, designation filing with, governmental authority agent any kind relation such selfcoins purchaser's participation the selfcoin ico; sufficient age participate the selfcoin ico and person with full civil capacity conduct under the laws the jurisdiction where domiciled maintains citizenship; acquiring selfcoins for future use selfcoin platform and will not use the selfcoins for the purpose speculative investments; sophisticated and experienced professional trader, expert, technician the fields distributed ledger technology and cryptographic tokens and such selfcoins purchaser fully aware the risks associated with the development and use selfcoins, experienced enough fully capable operating, maintaining and safekeeping his selfcoins wallet private key out which such selfcoins purchaser makes any contribution for purchasing the selfcoins and that the beneficial owner such cryptographic token wallet and attached selfcoins; has thoroughly reviewed and comprehended these t&c and the selfcoin white paper full; all the above representations and warranties made selfcoins purchaser are true, accurate, complete and non-misleading and from the date such selfcoins purchaser making contribution during selfcoin ico and thereafter. selfcoin reserves the rights deny and invalidate the contribution by, and withhold the distribution relevant selfcoins from, any selfcoins purchaser who has made false, incomplete misleading representation, based the sole judgment selfcoin. article protection personal data pursuant the data protection directive (//ec) and the subsequent general data protection regulation (eu) that will apply from may that may apply some the selfcoins purchasers depending their nationality residence, selfcoin shall implement appropriate measures prevent any unauthorised use disclosure any personal data made available and processed selfcoin connection with selfcoin platform and the selfcoin ico. this end, selfcoin will implement and maintain physical and technical measures that reasonably and appropriately protect the confidentiality, integrity, security and availability the selfcoins purchaser data. selfcoin will not process any the personal data collected during kyc/aml process provided article (d) the present t&c, realized during the ico. this situation was about change, the processing personal data that could performed the platform would declared france the national commission for data protection and liberties needed. accordance with article french law ndeg january relating information technology, files and civil liberties, selfcoin, which responsible for processing the said data, will immediately inform the selfcoins purchasers email that processing their personal data. for the sake kyc/amf and selfcoin activities, selfcoin will limit the personal data raised from selfcoins purchasers and talents the minimum necessary propose its services with respect kyc/amf best practices and individuals ico valuation requirements. access this information will limited selfcoin personnel any trusted third party for the sole purpose the provision the selfcoin services kyc/aml process. besides, all selfcoins purchasers acknowledge that selfcoin may required provide the covered data any regulatory bodies administrative authorities required law. selfcoin will keep selfcoins purchaser's data only for long necessary, required law. any selfcoins purchaser entitled object the processing his personal data for legitimate reasons, well object the use such data for the purposes prospecting activities. pursuant the general data protection regulation, selfcoins purchaser shall entitled request access to, rectification, erasure his own personal data, restriction processing concerning selfcoins purchaser object processing well the right data portability. however, given the immutable nature blockchain technology used, selfcoins purchaser may not able exercise all these rights. however, far technically possible, selfcoin will will make its best efforts enable selfcoins purchaser exercise his rights. so, the selfcoins purchaser shall notify writing his request selfcoin, with copy its signed document the following address: hi@selfsell.com. article legislative and/or regulatory developments selfcoin ico drafted and circulated worldwide via the website and has not been registered under any law any jurisdiction far. selfcoins purchasers may from any jurisdiction the world except for countries where the selfcoin ico, the distribution use the information set out this selfcoin white paper the acquisition ownership crypto-tokens would contrary law regulation such jurisdiction. article force majeure force majeure deemed any event beyond the parties' control, which they cannot reasonably foresee reasonably avoid overcome, provided that its occurrence makes impossible for the parties fulfill their obligations, and adversely affects purchase execution (e.g. earthquake, storm other element nature, embargoes, substantial change the price resources, electrical telecommunications, hardware, software other utility failures, armed conflicts, labor disputes other industrial disturbances, changes laws regulations, changes blockchain technologies, etc.). the most diligent party shall promptly notify the other party any means, and the parties will then agree negotiate good faith any changes required ensure the continuity contract obligations. if, however, such impossibility exceeds three months, the most diligent party may terminate the contract writing without incurring its liability and without entitling the other party claim any right compensation, with selfcoin retaining previously collected amounts, which are irrevocably acquired. article miscellaneous representation warranty selfcoin disclaims and makes representation warranty with respect selfcoin ico, selfcoin blockchain selfcoins (including but not limited its merchantability fitness for any particular purpose), except those expressly specified herein. each selfcoins purchaser's decision participate selfcoin ico and purchase any selfcoin shall made based such selfcoins purchaser's own knowledge selfcoin, selfsell project, selfcoins and the information disclosed herein the selfcoin white paper. notwithstanding the generality the foregoing, each selfcoins purchaser will, upon selfcoin ico, accept selfcoins and the purchased selfcoins "as is" basis, irrespective its technical specifications, parameters, performance function. liability selfcoin expressly disclaims any liability, and shall under circumstances liable any person, connection with arising out of: any person's participation selfcoin ico violation any regulatory requirements imposed any jurisdictions that may applicable them. such regulatory requirements include but not limited those relating anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing initiatives; any person's participation selfcoin ico that may violate any warranty, representation, covenant, obligation other provision under this selfcoin white paper, and the failure inability retrieve their contribution claim relevant purchased selfcoins that may result; termination selfcoin ico for whatever cause; failure, termination abandonment selfcoin project development and any failure deliver the purchased selfcoins selfcoins purchasers that may result; postponement rescheduling selfcoins issuance and/or selfcoin development and any failure meet any anticipated milestone that may result; any flaw, error, bug, weakness defect otherwise the source code selfcoin blockchain selfcoin platform; any malfunction, instability, breakdown, paralysis, rollback hardforking the blockchain which selfcoin blockchain based upon; failure selfcoin platform used any specific way meet any specific purpose; the utilization any all the proceeds raised through selfcoin ico; failure timely and wholly disclose any information with regards developments selfcoin project; any selfcoins purchaser's divulgence, destruction loss the private key relating such selfcoins purchaser's cryptographic tokens cryptographic token wallet; trading selfcoins any person entity, regardless whether may speculative nature; listing delisting selfcoins from any exchange, including but not limited cryptographic token exchanges; selfcoins being treated classified any government, quasi-government, authority public body (including but not limited regulatory body any jurisdiction) type security, currency, commodity, commercial paper, negotiable instrument, investment otherwise that may banned, regulated subject certain legal restrictions and/or approval processes; any direct and indirect outcome resulted from the risk factors disclosed article this selfcoin white paper. this also includes any subsequent claim, damage, liability, loss, punishment, cost other adverse impact that associated with, caused by, connection with, consequential incidental that particular risk factor. tax each selfcoins purchaser shall take full responsibilities declare, bear and pay all taxes, duties, imposts, levies, tariffs and surcharges that might imposed the laws and regulations any jurisdiction result connection with the receipt, holding, use, purchase, appreciation, trading, remittance disposal selfcoins (no matter whether purchased during selfcoin ico otherwise acquired). and each selfcoins purchaser shall solely liable for all such penal consequences, claims, fines, penalties, liabilities otherwise arising from his underpayment, undue payment, belated payment non-payment any relevant tax. selfcoin does not give any advice tax related matters and makes representation the tax implication, any, any selfcoins purchaser's participation selfcoin ico. the responsibility each selfcoins purchaser consult his tax advisors before purchasing selfcoins during and after selfcoin ico. waiver from time time, selfcoin may fail require, strictly enforce selfcoins purchaser's compliance relation any provision this selfcoin white paper. selfcoin may also fail exercise any all its rights empowered herein. such failure shall not construed waiver relinquishment selfcoin's right assert rely upon any such provision right that any other instance. applicable, express waiver given selfcoin any condition, provision, requirement the selfcoin white paper shall not constitute waiver any future obligation comply with such condition, provision requirement. severability any portion this selfcoin white paper held illegal, unenforceable invalid, whether whole part, under the laws any jurisdiction, such illegality, unenforceability invalidity shall not affect the legality, enforceability validity the rest the selfcoin white paper that jurisdiction, nor the legality, enforceability validity the selfcoin white paper any other jurisdiction. titles and subtitles the titles and subtitles used this selfcoin white paper are provided for convenience only and should not considered construing interpreting this selfcoin white paper. jurisdiction selfcoin ico drafted and circulated worldwide via the website and has not been registered under any law any jurisdiction. selfcoins purchasers may from any jurisdiction the world except for countries where the selfcoin ico, the distribution use the information set out this selfcoin white paper the acquisition ownership crypto-tokens would contrary law regulation such jurisdiction. dispute resolution selfcoins purchaser shall irrevocably submit the jurisdiction the courts zug canton switzerland respect any dispute arising out connection with the selfcoin ico.