selfkey the selfkey foundation september copyright selfkey foundation all rights reserved contents problem: you not own your own identity ..................................................................................................... background .............................................................................................................................................................. parties identity transaction..................................................................................................................... limitations centrally managed identity system ....................................................................................... monopolies .......................................................................................................................................................... data protection compliance .............................................................................................................................. solution: "selfkey" self-sovereign digital identity ecosystem ...................................................................... how selfkey works for the individual user................................................................................................. how selfkey works for company .............................................................................................................. how selfkey works for verifier.................................................................................................................. the selfkey network ....................................................................................................................................... selfkey technology stack .................................................................................................................................. key management recovery ........................................................................................................................ advantages the selfkey network over traditional identity systems .................................................... the key token .................................................................................................................................................... use key tokens ............................................................................................................................................ looking the future ...................................................................................................................................... selfkey wallet .................................................................................................................................................. selfkey ecosystem .......................................................................................................................................... selfkey marketplace ........................................................................................................................................ selfkey data minimization ............................................................................................................................ selfkey proof individuality (biometric research)................................................................................. the selfkey team ............................................................................................................................................. conclusion ............................................................................................................................................................. problem: you not own your own identity the internet proliferates throughout the world, becomes intrinsic element human daily life almost every domain. the internet inherently digital, international, exponential and technology network unbounded traditional borders. the shift from paper digital computing and internet and .ii were some the most fundamental changes recent modern history. today, almost everything being disrupted digitalization, computing, and the internet. the development blockchain considered many enable internet ..iii however, despite advancement and disruption other domains, the identity systems rely upon today are currently paper-based, nationally-driven, government identity systems and not leverage the power internet millions people currently rely are excluded from-- identity systems due lack any modern technology infrastructure.iv most identity systems are centrally planned and managed, not integrate link other systems, and not place the identity owner place entitlement and power. these systems lead inefficiencies, data leaks, threats, loss privacy and identity theftv which have left billions without financial accounts any kind.vi many centralized identity systems have very serious security issues.vii the recent equifax data breach where the personal data million individuals may have been compromised highlights the vulnerability centralized databases and calls into question the continued practice collecting large centralized sets highly sensitive data.viii some instances, the citizens entire countries (such swedenix) have suffered potentially devastating personal data breaches. these breaches often not occur result hacking other malicious efforts but, instead, because appropriate safeguards did not exist prevent unauthorized access the data.x current identity systems have largely failed deliver any the most basic requirements for successful identity system: security, privacy, ownership, access, protection, interoperability, linked data portability identity owners. "current identity systems are limiting fintech innovation well secure and efficient service delivery financial services and society more broadly. digital identity widely recognised the next step identity systems." wefxi the failings traditional centralized identity systems are clear. ensure that individuals retain ownership their identity, the development sustainable digital identity model for our evolving global society now essential. background parties identity transaction there are typically three parties identity transaction; identity owner (io) (such individual company), identity claim issuer (ci) party (such notary public justice the peace), and relying party (rp) (such bank, brokerage other financial institution). the has one more identity claims (ic) (e.g. "my name john smith" was born january "). these claims are then attested verified third party and the then able share these verified claims with relying party, gain access the relying party's products and services, such opening bank account. way example, individual (io) wants prove coin exchange (rp) that they are person (claim) and that they have passport proof) and that the electronic copy they are sending certified true copy original. this electronic identity claim which receives attestation from notary and becomes verified claim. verified claims are the future digital identity. all these parties struggle with the current paper driven and centralized identity systems, and would benefit from digitized, decentralized identity system. limitations centrally managed identity system security and other risks most identity systems have large centralized databases containing millions (or billions) identity records. because their sheer size, these centralized databases are high-value targets for hackers. the identity data they contain relatively easy steal and use.xii because the reward for successful breach increases exponentially with the number identities held that database, database grows larger, becomes increasingly more vulnerable attack. furthermore, single large database (as opposed multiple, segmented, decentralized databases) often means single point failure. centralized identity systems are usually managed single party and that party then uses third-party processors access the databases and process the data often without sufficient safeguards and oversight making the databases even more vulnerable data breaches. even the operator trustworthy, centralized identity system vulnerable through third-parties with authorized access. individual identity documents are valuable commodities that are easily sold the black market. purchasers stolen identity data can use this information commit fraud and other crimes using the names the innocent identity owners. beyond the obvious damage identity theft wreaks the identity owner, such breaches create significant liabilities for the operator the central database. restricted access try and prevent unauthorized access these centralized databases, access the data restricted the operator. however, this often prevents identity owners from accessing their own data.xiii operators not allow the data accessed, that data cannot linked the benefit the identity owner. linked data key component digital identityxiv, linking data means that the identity owner can create linked relationships between data their benefit. linking data not technically challenging task. fact, these technologies are widely available today. key technologies that support linked data are uris way identify entities); http simple but universal mechanism for retrieving resources); and rdf generic graph-based data model with which structure and link data).xv these technologies have been around for years and yet individual identity owners cannot benefit from linked data. addition the technical limitations and security risks introduced through using centralized database, there are number business concerns single large database operator identity data. monopolies there were single, for-profit organization with database containing the identity data every person the planet, would operate monopoly and able charge high prices for access that data. furthermore, the operator gained traction, the "network effect" would effectively lock users into the network. this, turn, would create significant barriers entry for new market participants. the absence competitive pressure, monopolistic pricing and reduced innovation would likely result.xvi data protection compliance large, globally centralized database for identity could also breach data privacy and data protection laws. national and supranational data protection laws are designed ensure data controllers put place policies and procedures keep personal data secure possible under threat heavy monetary penalties and possible imprisonment they fail so. however, these laws are different for each jurisdiction, and compliance standards vary enormously. recent years have also seen increasing trend towards jurisdictions adopting data exports controls. for instance, "the views the underlying privacy laws not meeting adequacy requirementsxvii". response, only certain companies will eligible transfer data from the the they can comply with the "privacy shield" framework. this barrier entry for new startups who cannot meet these burdensome and potentially expensive compliance requirements. compound the problem, the "privacy shield" framework already under threat, less than months after replaced the "safe harbor" mechanism which was deemed inadequate the european court justice. central most data protection laws the concept user consent. this normally given individuals the time they provide their personal data through tick-box similar mechanism. however, individuals are not the epicenter existing identity management process, they cannot easily grant (or revoke) consent track the consent they give over time despite this being their inalienable right under those laws. increasingly, data protection requires dynamic consent mechanisms overcome these issues, but these are difficult achieve with largely paper-based consent models. recent years have also seen huge rise international data-sharing regimes between regulatory authorities number different jurisdictions with the introduction fatca, the common reporting standards and other international data sharing agreements. many these sharing agreements are also exempted from data subject consent requirements under national data privacy laws, individual identity owner consent not required before their data shared. one the sectors where identity data routinely crosses borders financial services and the data being shared between regulatory bodies routinely includes identity data obtained via the kyc process. kyc regulatory requirements kyc laws are national and international scope, representing huge and diverse group relying parties including (without limitation) the following: coin exchanges, fintech startups, money transmitters, real estate companies and agents, precious metals dealers storage facilities, fiduciaries, corporate services providers, lenders, banks, securities firms, lawyers, accountants, nonprofit foundations, professional service providers, notaries, governments, insurers, re-insurers, financial institutions, and generally any legal entity natural person dealing money finance. kyc not option--itis mandatory, with civil criminal sanctions imposed both local and international bodies for failure comply with kyc laws. unfortunately, for many individuals and companies--from small startups large corporations, well relying parties--kyc compliance expensive and painful reality. for relying parties kyc expensive and time-consuming. the average annual, recurring cost kyc compliance usd million for the average bank, but may usd million for others.xviii this cost necessarily high because relying parties cannot quickly and easily access date identity data, validate the data screen satisfy their regulatory requirements. therefore, relying parties must send new requests the identity owner and must treat every identity owner 'blank canvas' and force them through the fully robust kyc process. the time and effort expended one relying party perform kyc validation checks cannot reused recycled and not leveraged future requests. the identity owner decides change service providers, these same checks need completed the new relying party. the identity data not "ported" the new service provider and ends being held multiple providers, many whom hold redundant, yet still highly sensitive identity data, for individuals who are longer their clients customers. the high cost involved this procedure creates barrier exit when changing service providers, leading uncompetitive environment, the detriment identity owners, fintech startups, and innovation, generally and increases the risk identity theft for the individuals. furthermore, those who lack identity documents issued national government are excluded from commerce completely because their inability comply with kyc regulations. although certainly well-intentioned, kyc regulations can easily exclude legitimate market participantsxix and slow down international commerce. this problem could easily solved there was way for existing kyc data linked, re-used, and easily ported across borders compliant manner. solution: "selfkey" self-sovereign digital identity ecosystem our idea simple: that users should the center their identity management process, concept known self-sovereign identity (ssid). can escape from the legacy systems paper-based documents and move into digital identity with privacy, security, transparency and individual rights with selfkey, ssid implementation built using blockchain technology, with the corresponding keys held digital identity wallet. selfkey identity system built open platform consisting several key components including: selfkey foundation, non-profit foundation whose charter and governance enshrines the principles self-sovereign identity, technology stack with free and open source identity wallet for the identity owner, marketplace with real products and services available launch, json-ld (machine readable) protocol, connection party identity micro services which comply with kyc laws and regulations, and native token called "key" which enables the selfkey ecosystem exchange value and information efficient, fully-digital, self-sovereign manner. the products available launch* include: bitcoin and digital asset exchange signup citizenship investment programs citizenship through investment real estate applications company incorporation (including companies limited shares, foundations, llc's and trusts) bank account introduction and application residence permit applications for more than countries e-wallets stored value facilities gold and precious metals purchase and storage international insurance applications money remittance transfer services token sales whilst providing tangible utility for the key token for identity owners, relying parties and verifiers, through real world products and services, selfkey overcomes the limitations centralized identity systems, helps achieve compliance with the most comprehensive national data protection laws and kyc regulations, and returns ownership and control identity data back the individual the identity owner. selfkey makes identity transactions more secure, private and efficient while complying with the myriad laws and regulations that exist today. however, selfkey also building bridge better world one with digitally signed verified identity claims, data minimization, proof individuality, proper governance, and user-centric identity system. this new world, the user can truly control, manage, and own their digital identity. selfkey designed censorship-proof, fair, inclusive, agile, and lean through well-designed open source technology stack, and transparent legal governance infrastructure through the selfkey foundation. selfkey can match the current and future needs evolving modern societies and the global internet, ensuring human rights and fundamental freedoms identity are met. *void where prohibited. these services are not offered selfkey foundation directly, but partners who accept information/kyc sent identity owners using selfkey. blockchain the answer? blockchain distributed ledger whereby data simultaneously replicated all participants. should our identity data stored and replicated across blockchain that managed number participating entities (for instance big banks governments)? no. blockchain (alone) not the answer. replicating all identity data all parties could potentially breach data protection laws for various reasons described above the previous section, specifically the requirement keep personal data "onshore" within specified jurisdiction. furthermore, regulations and best practice requires that companies only store personal data that relevant their business--and even then, only with the customer's consent. cybersecurity risk increased identity data replicated all blockchain nodes. central data stores are difficult secure (as discussed above). accordingly, simply using blockchain replicate this identity data multiple parties will force each node the chain properly secure this data. each organisation has their own cybersecurity practices (and gaps), this would make easier for attacker steal the data. even the personal data encrypted this still does not solve the problem legal compliance, encrypted data can still run afoul personal data regulations.xx anyone sufficiently motivated seek re-identify individuals from transaction records held decentralized ledger would likely have the wherewithal re-identify individuals from other available databases. the fact anonymity the blockchain not the whole story. the "big data" era, powerful analytics technology can applied match databases that appear clear personally-identifiable information those which are not, and this will critical compliance test for blockchain solutions that record personal data. what the answer? the concept self sovereign digital identity similar the way store and manage our non-digital identities today. currently, most keep identity documents such passports and birth certificates utility bills our homes safely, securely, under our own control. only share them with other entities when necessary. most don't store these important paper documents (or unnecessary personal information) with third party--nor would want to. self-sovereign identity selfkey the digital equivalent what most already with our physical identity documents. how selfkey works for the individual user new user would simply download the selfkey wallet application personal device. identity data stored locally, the device. user able back this information onto another device personal backup solution. when the user downloads the selfkey wallet, empty. the first thing that user needs store this container public/private key pair (also known selfkey). this selfkey will become the user's digital "pen" that can used apply identity owner's unique digital signature documents. because the private key known only the identity owner, whenever this digital signature applied, serves authenticate and validate the owner's identity requesting parties confidentially and securely (without having appear person). selfkey has enormous benefits beyond traditional username and password. each selfkey unique its owner. where username/password combination stored third party's database, selfkey user would never share their private key this would always remain secret the user. this stage, one-not even the selfkey foundation-would know that this was the user's container, that the selfkey number even existed. other entity issued it, and was created solely the user. this exactly what means self-sovereign. the user can now use selfkey, along with identity proofs, receive attestations from relevant verifiers such notaries, government institutions, etc. after the user has attested identity claims stored their digital wallet, they are eligible purchase products and services the selfkey marketplace (covered detail below). order for selfkey users take advantage the products and services available the selfkey marketplace, they will first need create identity claims. these identity claims are the user's attributes (e.g. nationality, date birth, occupation, etc.) and are stored text fields (json-ld blobs). save the time would take manually type the data into these text fields, photos scans documents can saved and optical character recognition will automatically parse the information, making the process much easier. these identity proofs are needed only comply with traditional kyc documentary requirements. the future, selfkey's digitally-signed attestations will eliminate identity documents know them today. once the identity claims have been created, the next step the process receive attestations these claims. attestations can stored the selfkey wallet too. these attestations are machine readable, digitally signed identity claims, which can also valid within certain time windows. the verifiers relevant authorities such utility companies, notaries, banks, passport agencies, hospitals, driving license authorities, immigration, can potentially sign the user's claims. these claims can signed way whereby one could choose disclose only minimum information. other words, the identity owner can share what the requesting party needs know, but nothing more. for instance, user could easily prove they reside certain country. person might able prove they are over without revealing more than this information. these identity attributes are boundless and could also include something such "professional investor". the identity owner will able choose which piece information pass along any relying party. the type identity claims that can attested almost infinite. data stored device (under the owner's control, the same documents are currently stored one's home office today) and then when the owner wants to, they can approve third party collect specific data. one can this confirming notification said device. this experience feels similar authentication via "linking" facebook account. this analogy only similar experience-instead going facebook's servers collect personal data, user will granting requests from their personal data store, and will have granular control over what data shared. unlike certain internet companies, the selfkey foundation nonprofit. there monetization way advertising sale user data. minimizing the amount data which needs shared safer both for the identity provider and the relying party. the identity owner does not share information which might unnecessary sensitive data and the recipient doesn't need store it. this helps with both security and compliance with jurisdictional privacy law requirements. how selfkey works for company mentioned previously, identity claims and attested proofs are not limited persons but can also apply companies. company could manage their startup documents from the identity wallet well. selfkey has basic cap table management, and can provide basic corporate governance which allows the startup things that are currently burdensome such opening bank account. when relying parties onboard new company, kyc needs done not only the specific company level but also for all significant shareholders each ownership level above the entity until you reach the ultimate beneficial owners. this kind level documentation verification extremely burdensome. furthermore, for many businesses with multiple subsidiaries affiliates multiple countries, this where the advantages e-kyc are more compelling linked identities can provide multilevel verification and something national, centralized system cannot solve.. with selfkey, companies can easily demonstrate things that are traditionally time intensive and difficult for identity owners prove and relying parties validate (multiple ownership levels, complex structures, capitalization tables which can change daily basis). how selfkey works for verifier there are number companies and institutions globally who issue (or could issue) claims behalf identity owners for use relying parties. within the kyc space obvious example this would-be utility companies (who currently issue paper documents); banks (who give letters attestation) and company registries (who issue paper documents). selfkey can used today digitize and monetize these identity claims which relying parties are willing pay for. this helps reinforce the crypto-economy the selfkey ecosystem. may also possible for verifiers issue fully digital certificate the selfkey platform. the owners this company could instantly verify ownership proving they hold the selfkeys which were used register the shares.xxi the selfkey network the selfkey network more than just identity system for secure, encrypted pp, structured data and file sharing over the internet. the selfkey network designed with several innovative attributes give the best chance for long term adoption and success which are explored the following paragraphs. foundation first and foremost, previously described this paper, untenable for single company control govern identity system. therefore, foundation was formed, not for control over the network, but preserve certain core constitutional principles (set out below). the foundation protects and preserves the founding principles self-sovereign identity. non-profit status the selfkey foundation makes its top priority the success the network whole and the native token which runs the network (key). the foundation non-profit and set mauritius which benefits from regulatory sandbox legislation that can used blockchain technology companies develop and commercialize their applications the selfkey foundation does not sell provide advertising the identity data that flows the system. all value the network designed flow and from the use the native key tokens. critical element the selfkey network the native erc- token called key, which stands for "key encrypt yourself". this token can used access products and services the network. for instance, key required participate, used incentivize participation, good behavior and use, and enable self-reinforcing crypto-economy for identity which could appreciate value more individuals and company join the network, increasing demand for key. certain actions the network will require exchange key and others will involve placing key locked contract (to access the network, and prevent spam via anti-sybil mechanism) this research can provide poi (proof individuality mechanism) which can have vast implications the ethereum network. governance selfkey was founded for profit company, kyc-chain ltd (kycc) who open sourced code and made the monetary contribution setup the foundation. kycc may continue develop software for the foundation, but for the selfkey network thrive necessary for key token holders develop the open source platform well. members have entitlement receive dividend any distribution profits from the selfkey foundation. there should expectation profits resulting from the acquisition key tokens although key holders may receive financial incentives derived through their own individual efforts growing the network. legal remaining compliant with existing laws and regulations regarding data privacy, data security, and other important legal considerations important mission for any identity system when the goal achieve critical mass and adoption. this end, the selfkey architecture designed such way decentralized, globally accessible, and compliant with regulatory rules, particular with data privacy laws. this accomplished through flexible, user driven approach which does not force user store their documents any one particular storage system and which always requires the consent identity owner trigger identity transactions. all times identity owners are control their identity, relying parties can more quickly access the validated identity claims and verifiers can receive payment for their contributions and attestations. this flexible and user driven framework can help meet various country requirements for transfer data overseas. the identity system may evolve and change due legal and technology constraints-there should guiding ethos which flexible some regards (such storage layer, what anything, hashed the blockchain timestamp) but rigid others, such the preservation individual rights and self-sovereign identity. that end, the following are the principles the constitution the selfkey foundation. the selfkey foundation these constitutional principles are literally baked into the very governance and control mechanisms the selfkey foundation. violating these principles would contrary the constitution which makes these principles technically and legally binding. existence. users will always have independent existence. any selfsovereign identity derived from proof life. order further that the kernel self that upheld and supported, selfkey endeavors design our system exist beyond any one national system, and instead placing priority any one nation state-instead makes the most important participant our system the individual natural living person. control. users always maintain complete control their identities. the user the ultimate authority their own identity. users are able reference their identity, update it, even hide have disappear. users are able choose publicity privacy their individual preference. access. users have access their own data. they can easily retrieve all the claims and other data. other words, the network will not allow for hidden data about user. this does not mean that user can modify claim solely their own discretion however, users will aware any claims about their identity. transparency. systems and algorithms owned and operated selfkey are transparent and open source, both how they function and how they are managed and updated. the foundation which manages the system transparent. persistence. identities are persistent and long-lived. private keys may lost, and might need rotated and data might need changed, but the identity should persist and remain. portability. all information will transportable and not held single third-party entity, the identity owner remains ultimately control their identity. consent. identity owners must consent any transfer use their data. minimization. disclosure claims must minimized. when data disclosed, that disclosure should involve the minimum amount data necessary accomplish the task hand. the minimum amount user information only exposed the right entities under the right circumstances. protection. when conflict occurs between the needs the identity network and the rights individual users, the selfkey network will preserve the freedoms and rights the individuals over the needs the network. identity authentication will occur through independent algorithms that are censorshipresistant and force-resilient and run decentralized manner. interoperability. selfkey aims interoperable. the inherent persistence censorship blockchain and autonomy private keys and self-sovereign identity ensures wide and continuous availability, wide range industries. efforts are made ensure interoperability with other identity systems. these principles are part the foundations' constitution and members the board elected members can only pass resolution action which accordance these principles. selfkey technology stack validating nodes- the core level our system are validating ethereum nodes. have considered using the ethereum "proof authority" this level, but have opted use the normal consensus mechanism ethereum and only change there any issue. testing, have used the evm, eris, monax, and tendermint consensus protocol, and alternative blockchains remains option for selfkey the future should the foundation board determine this the best course action. found public blockchain was the fairest, most inclusive, and well adopted blockchain currently existing. blockchain layer selfkey key pairs are from the ethereum public network. storage there are challenges compliance international system identity, have made the storage layer entirely the discretion the identity owner. documents will sit locally the device the user until when (at their consent and discretion) the identity owner moves the documents data elsewhere. later, storage drivers will built for user controlled storage. key management recovery inevitable user managed identity system based blockchain keys that some users will misplace lose their keys. such case, there was not way recover the key then all the attestations would lost. fortunately, have developed solution. selfkey plans use uport, convenient key recovery mechanism, whereby user can delegate the responsibility recovery one more accounts their choosing. uport will provide interoperability and build standards which the ethereum community already acknowledges and accepts. protocols order make the selfkey network maximally interoperable, number standards and ongoing work will dedicated the protocol layer. this how data will move structured format between one place and another (potentially one blockchain another). work being done this area with other leading identity systems ensure interoperability; sovrin, wc, uport, etc. wallet the selfkey identity wallet available upon launch and the starting point for all identity transactions. the wallet can also store key. through the identity wallet the user can also access different apps the application layer. any company can build this application layer. any identity provider might also make interoperable their set keys certificates, for instance various certificates which qualify under arbitrary government electronic transaction ordinance. microservices the microservices layer will largely allow for compliance with international laws and regulations, and will used mostly verifiers and relying parties. any company might provide these microservices, but support the initial application layer and several ico's which will leverage the selfkey system, kycc has built and provided some initial microservices such sanction list screening (the remediator), company registry lookup, and document collection and validation (the collector). application layer any application can built the selfkey platform has open api's, open source code, including the wallet which completely open source. advantages the selfkey network over traditional identity systems there are numerous benefits available all parties identity ecosystem including identity owners, relying parties and verifiers, who each have different agendas. the chart below should demonstrate that decentralized identity system can beneficial for all parties. centralized traditional identity systems decentralized identity system selfkey identity owners -do not own control identity -need repeatedly through numerous onboarding processes satisfy regulators -need keep multiple authentication devices hand for login process -are unable port information easily from one service another (high switching costs) -must share identity documents, and cannot share only minimum information -only exist relying parties under the permission and authority government -cannot re-use recycle the output identity kyc process -cannot easily manage company documents gather signatures for important decisions -have full consent and control their identity -authenticate multiple services through single key pair stored wallet -can share minimum information -can recover lost key -can access marketplace fintech products and identity services -can easily sign documents and reach consensus company verifiers -do not monetize identity claims (i.e. utility company). -are unable revoke claim -cannot quickly grant claims -identity claims are sometimes fraudulent -can monetize identity claims through key -can revoke claims -can quickly grant claims -claims issued have more confidence relying parties -must spend lot time and effort onboarding clients satisfy regulatory requirements -have annoying onboarding experiences where customers have unsatisfactory experience -no way import customer data -costs lot money validate kyc -costly and challenging internationally compliant -processes are driven paper based and manual effort compliance teams -can quickly onboard identity owners -can delight clients -can request additional client details easily -can benefit from economies scale -can internationally compliant -processes are driven key and checked rp's overall system features and benefits -vast amounts data sits large silo -reward for hackers greater, thus bigger target -proprietary and secretive -creates monopolies data -less likely interoperable with others -no value returned the user -owned and controlled single party -distributed network allows for multiple small storages -reward for penetration lower -user centric and driven -open source -no single point failure -no centralized management control -single point failure -has traditionally led massive data loss, instances fraud, and holding back the world from self-sovereign digital identity -better suited for international context -more transparent the key token key will critical running the ecosystem all products and services are available through some nominal payment key, which will used power the 'identity ecosystem' through variety actions. for instance, key can used, things such pay for request attestations; receive identity claims (and give value back user); pay for marketplace listings; and generally, exchange value, incentivize use and adoption and allow access token. shown the diagram below, each member the ecosystem has valuable role play encouraging system use, utilizing key, and providing identity proofs and attested claims. the below not exhaustive list the uses key but should clear that there abundant token utility from the launch the network, and unlike many other tokens, key has intrinsic value. use key tokens the launch the selfkey network, the following services will available: bitcoin and digital asset exchange signup citizenship investment programs citizenship through investment real estate applications company incorporation (including companies limited shares, foundations, llc's and trusts) bank account introduction and application residence permit applications for more than countries e-wallets stored value facilities gold and precious metals purchase and storage international insurance applications money remittance transfer services token sales within this ecosystem, only three parties exchange value. identity owners, relying parties and verifiers. selfkey will have trust framework which will signed relying parties, identity owners and verifiers. "trust frameworks are not new concept. they are commonly used both inside and outside the world digital identities. mostly they are used govern variety multi-party systems where participants desire the ability engage common type transaction with anyone the other participants, and consistent and predictable manner. such cases, they are proven work and scale." xxii the selfkey trust framework will include specific protocol level information but also information about key order properly incentivize good behavior. expected that identity owners, verifiers and relying parties will sign this trust framework which can help incentivize proper use the network. these documents will released approaching public launch the network and with community feedback. looking the future our working assumption that very difficult develop system which will compliant with all data privacy laws every jurisdiction. therefore, the identity owner charge where their data stored, and all actions are driven the identity owner. importantly, personal data and identity data are kept out the transaction ledgers altogether replacing them with encrypted reference the data "hash". these hashes 'fingerprints' help the identity owner prove that data did exist certain date, but without the identity owner sharing the actual identity claim the data the chain completely anonymous and obfuscated. the use hashes also helps address the fact that blockchain technology structured keep permanent, immutable record all transactions that have taken place, meaning that theory there can "right forgotten" the context blockchain. data protection laws the world over require that personal data only kept for long there purpose so. believe that encryption controls limiting the accessibility personal data hashed the blockchain viable solution for data protection compliance. true that encrypted personal data may still classed personal data some jurisdictions long the holder possesses the encryption key. however, can demonstrated that the keys will only made available circumstances dictated the individual, then difficult see the objection from data protection perspective. data will flow from one place another through https, and work being done messaging protocols, and pairwise encryption methodologies for data transfer. essentially, the layperson can rest assured that: data only moves upon consent. data privacy paramount and data never shared the foundation with anyone each identity transaction uses encryption data does not move through the blockchain, per and happens mostly outside "off-chain" through various encrypted messaging and structured data protocols. the blockchain will have hashed the data and stored way that can proven that the data has not changed. this timestamping mechanism critical certain situations prove timeliness documents. care will taken that data not correlated causes loss privacy. selfkey wallet the wallet (where the user will store and manage their attributes and claims) available immediately and open source, available desktop for mac, linux and windows. the selfkey roadmap and immediate deliverables call for this wallet available mobile. selfkey ecosystem the selfkey identity ecosystem another major component will working improve. selfkey includes primary parties the identity owners, relying parties and verifiers (or original claims issuers). selfkey will engage tripartite marketing development push get all these parties the network. selfkey marketplace the marketplace key component the selfkey ecosystem allows for identity owners see which relying parties are using the selfkey system. the marketplace, identity owners can browse various financial offers and place order for particular product. relying parties service providers can list offers the marketplace either free for fee. the marketplace two sided, key can used the main token commodity interchange value. selfkey data minimization one the key aspects the system data minimization, other words identity fragments. this will allows the identity owner provide little amount information possible satisfy the relying party verifier. while this can done through advanced technology such range proofs zero knowledge proofs (zkp's) can also done through specific protocols identity fragments. person could for instance, prove their residency was singapore without revealing their exact address. this can accomplished immediately through proper design and doesn't require long development process zkp's. portion the funds received the fundraiser will towards data minimization. selfkey proof individuality (biometric research) our first founding principle existence, important element the selfkey project that persons' identity does not start with government issued identity document but rather with human life. order this, certain amount research will done proof individuality (poi) that anyone, anywhere able prove themselves alive given time, and gain certain access the selfkey network. separate whitepaper has been written about this process and will released when the poi validation and testing begins earnest. believe that poi can better solved with biometrics than what currently being proposed the ethereum community series video calls. furthermore, the foundation will issue grants try and purely biometric based key recovery mechanism, that you lost your keys, all one would need not complex brain password, but yourself. the selfkey team the project team selfkey encompasses group highly experienced innovators who are passionate about identity and its future, well some the industry's brightest legal and business minds. full details www.selfkey.org conclusion selfkey proposes self-sovereign identity system the best model for our evolving global society. selfkey distributed key management and recovery system, privacy preserving protocol based verified claims compatible with json-ld compatible format, powered fully decentralized blockchain, and developed non-profit foundation with distributed governance. inscribed the forecourt the temple apollo delphi, around years ago: gnothi seauton, when translated into english; know thyself. clear now was then, you are the person best suited manage your identity. enter into world that increasingly digital, our lives will move unimagined ways onto public internet infrastructure. our digital identity risk and not currently owned identity owners. self-sovereign identity blockchain keys only partial solution, but this paper the selfkey foundation has proposed distributed technology, legal and governance ecosystem for you truly own your own identity. "what web .?" technopedia. https://www.technopedia.com/definition//web-. accessed august "instead merely reading web site, user invited contribute the site's content commenting published articles creating user account profile the site...the unique aspect this migration... that customers are building... business(es) for [corporations]," quotation from article entitled "web .," wikipedia, accessed august https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/web_.. iii rob marvin, "blockchain: the invisible technology that's changing the world," pcmag, published august ,https://www.pcmag.com/article//blockchain-the-invisible-technologythats-changing-the-wor. see also: adam tinworth, "next: blockchain will build web says jamie burke," next conference, published september https://nextconf.eu///next-blockchain-willbuild-web---says-jamie-burke/. sirikiat bunworaset, "web ethereum will change everything," bangkok post, published june http://www.bangkokpost.com/business/news//web---ethereum-will-changeeverything. los silva, "web how decentralized applications are changing online censorship," ethnews, published february https://www.ethnews.com/web--how-decentralizedapplications-are-changing-online-censorship. tristan winters, "web chat with ethereum's gavin wood," bitcoin magazine, published april https://bitcoinmagazine.com/articles/web---chat-ethereums-gavin-wood/. "the blockchain the new web .," accessed august https://www.moneyoip.com/newweb--. "the right identity the global situation," humanium, accessed august http://www.humanium.org/en/world/right-to-identity/. jean camp, "identity digital government: report the civic scenario workshop," (an event the kennedy school government, harvard university, cambridge, ma, april http://www.ljean.com/files/identity.pdf. ben schiller, billion people are still left out the modern financial system: how quickly can change that?," fast company, published november https://www.fastcompany.com//-billion-people-are-still-left-out-of-the-modern-financial-systemhow-quickly-can-we-change. vii ravi raja konathala, "what are the privacy issues with aadhaar?", quora (question-andanswer forum), april https://www.quora.com/what-are-the-privacy-issues-with-aadhaar. viii equifax shares drop questions mount over data breach https://www.ft.com/content/fefc-b-e-ae-dfebbf tech news staff, "massive swedish data breach reveals swedish military secrets and the identity almost all its citizens," tech, published july http://www.firstpost.com/tech/news-analysis/massive-swedish-data-breach-leaks-swedish-military-secretsand-the-identity-of-almost-all-its-citizens-.html blueprint for digital identity: the role financial institutions building digital identity," world economic forum, published august http://www.weforum.org/docs/wef_a_blueprint_for_digital_identity.pdf. xii "data breach tracker: all the major companies that have been hacked," time, published october http://time.com/money//data-breach-identity-theft-jp-morgankmart-staples/. xiii ambrose mcnevin, "the five biggest issues identity management and what's behind them," computers business review, published may http://www.cbronline.com/news/cloud/the-top-five-issues-in-identity-management-/. xiv see subheading "kyc-chain" under heading "use cases:", un-blockchain, https://unblockchain.org/use-cases/identity-under-construction/. wikipedia contributors, "semantic web," wikipedia, the free encyclopedia, accessed august https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=semantic_web&oldid=. xvi nitasha tiku, "digital privacy making antitrust exciting again," wired, published june https://www.wired.com///ntitrust-watchdogs-eye-big-techs-monopoly-data/. xvii "blockchains and laws. are they compatible?", baker mckenzie collaboration with accessed august http://www.bakermckenzie.com/en//media/files/expertise/fig/br_fig_blockchainsandlaws_jul.pdf. "thomson reuters know your customer surveys reveal escalating costs and complexity," press release, thomson reuters, published may https://www.thomsonreuters.com/en/press-releases//may/thomson-reuters--know-yourcustomer-surveys.html. xix gabriella jozwiak "kyc leads financial exclusion", the guardian, published february nigel cory, "cross border data flows where are the barriers and what they cost?", itif, published may https://itif.org/publications////cross-border-dataflows-where-are-barriers-and-what-do-they-cost may xxi "regtech for know-your-customer procedures: enabling operating blockchain technology," published http://www.sec.or.th/fintech/documents/kyc.pdf. xxii http://www.openidentityexchange.org/blog////trust-frameworks-for- identity-systems-/