rewarding human capital ariel jalali crystal rose draft version this paper work progress. open for review and revision. table contents abstract today's global messaging ecosystem expanding method engagement the challenge lost knowledge your data valuable and the solution makes sense sensay platform background current platform current functionality sensay coins sensay's vision launch the sdn the value for human capital enabled smart contracts humans.ai the universal protocol for human intelligence human augmented intelligence proof intelligence sense token and sdn smart contracts sense smart contracts sense token contract knowledge attribution contract knowledge access contract blockchain implementation-decentralization the core sense open-sourced apis humans.ai api methods /api/v/know /api/v/humans use case knowledge attribution via oath applications use case knowledge attribution via reddit use case knowledge attribution via sensay use case knowledge attribution via github planned end state ecosystem architecture application layer /know attribute knowledge /humans get relevant human and access their knowledge /tribes find tribe the sdn baseline bots conclusion appendix glossary terms algorithms key logic conversational routing (cr) knowledge value attribution (kva) conversational value incrementation (cvi) blockchain specifications sense smart contract abstract humans are the most successful high-order species the planet because our ability pass information each other, over generations and across huge populations. language and conversation are the means information transfer. the internet and mobile revolution has amplified human connection and the ability communicate globally, instantly. currently, humans are limited closed social networks and indexed advertising-supported social graphs, with easy means explore and efficiently leverage information shared within these centralized cliques, ultimately leading the loss much the cornucopia human knowledge. locked away within these networks they eventually fall popularity untold amount information. this exacerbated today multiple messaging apps that consume more users' attention span than any other type application and operate silos, with common knowledge repository and way interconnect knowledge stored within these apps. sensay solves this problem with decentralized, transparent, interoperable messaging platform enabling anyone chat and unlock transactions across messaging applications distributed network. this solution includes: sensay cross-platform messaging application and bot network that allows users and communities connect through routing them each other, needed. sense blockchain based token establishing the first smart contracts reward community knowledge workers for their conversational contributions across sensay and/or any other application the ecosystem. humans.ai protocol with api that allows developers access human conversational data asynchronously real time, providing passive active income the participants those conversations. with these innovations, introduce: conversational smart contracts automatically create and encapsulate transactional details extracted from conversations build smart contracts for the delivery information knowledge attribution monetizing knowledge across decentralized and centralized apps conversational consensus confirm value knowledge transferred via transparency enable the above innovations are launching utility token called sense sense launch enables token holders turn the platforms smart chat functionality, pivotal user on-boarding, and serves via smart contract mechanism enable developers and publishers the platform extract valuable information from chat data. today's global messaging ecosystem expanding method engagement with the global population billion internet users, the number people using social media around the world has just passed billion, which about the global population, according august global digital snapshot from are social and hootsuite. and the number rapidly growing. much social media interaction done mobile apps with billion mobile users and billion mobile social users globally. the amount time people spend social media constantly increasing and the most frequently used applications mobile devices are messengers: the average internet user now social media and messaging services for over hours per day teens now spend hours day social platforms with all time spent online now allocated social media interaction messenger apps have surpassed social networks applications the number monthly active users the challenge lost knowledge currently, messaging apps consume more time than any other type application. however, the following problems prevail: common knowledge repository exists way connect the siloed messenger apps good ways find relevant people outside your social graph centralized contact lists redundancy messaging apps users' data being taken and monetized without their involvement knowledge centralized messaging applications--such whatsapp, facebook messenger, wechat, telegram, slack, kik and more--lack interoperable feature chat between them. messaging data owned the platform without giving users control and value stake. contact lists are limited and not interoperated, search fails deliver relevant people when need them. the constantly growing number users and their increasing time spent social networks create enormous amount valuable data, which captured centralized databases and sold for advertising revenue. for brands, this powerful insight, and many are capitalizing creating ads designed manipulate consumers' behavior. however, users not own their own data and cannot choose whether not sell it. when users not earn value for every contribution they make network, the incentives not align the favor all participants. https://thenextweb.com/contributors////number-social-media-users-passes--billion-no-signs-slowing/#.tnw_sjcu http://blog.globalwebindex.net/chart-of-the-day/daily-time-spent-on-social-networks/ your data valuable your time and data--your human capital--is contributed every day some platform another. every message you send, every url you visit, every photo you favorite upload these are all captured one more centralized databases. some entity makes money from your digital footprints, rarely ever passing you, the end user. what you could earn few cents for every post you thumbs-up every recommendation you make? you certainly should, valued content publisher. instead, your data and actions are getting stored large centralized databases and sold off for advertising revenue. this revenue only passed back the end-user isolated examples, and often the rewards will not outweigh the cost production unless the content creator approximately the top influencers. users earn value for every contribution they make network, the incentives align the favor all participants. when users own their own data, they can choose whether not sell and earn revenue that sale. creating economy around human capital value transfer eliminates the need for advertising and the psychological manipulation that comes along with it, providing better and more fulfilling experience for all participants the ecosystem. and the solution makes sense sensay proposing decentralized, interoperable, messaging protocol allowing anyone chat and transact freely across centralized messaging applications. our goal add quantifiable value users' skills and expertise, enabling digital trade these human capital goods within global community. sense decentralized network (sdn) intended provide the missing bridge between blockchain and users isolated, centralized applications who are unable share and monetize their most valuable assets, creating powerful incentive around messaging activity that consumes significant portion average web user's day. this end, are developing humans.ai distributed application that runs top sdn. people can commit their knowledge trusted ledger and gain knowledge attribution for their contributions: connection: decentralized contact list communication: allows instantaneous connections across all platforms contribution: value human capital intelligence: the collective intelligence the global human network users own their data and choose whether not sell it. users earn value for every contribution they make the sense network, thus the incentives align the favor all participants. sensay platform background founded ariel jalali and crystal rose, sensay started network allowing anyone any smsenabled device send text message single contact (sensay) and access the broad network humans for anonymous conversation. crystal and ariel established sensay with core beliefs about humanity: everyone valuable one must alone everybody wins helping others after growing one million users, sensay expanded into large-scale popular messenger one the first chatbots and was the first create interoperability between them. currently, the sensay platform has million users. current platform sensay interoperable messaging platform for matching and routing relevant particapants for conversations across major consumer messenger applications, including the most popular mobile messenger: sms, commonly known "text messaging." the platform can used for communication across different messaging apps, information repository, and find relevant knowledge outside individual networks while monetizing individual knowledge contributions. user finds sensay bot their favorite messenger, tells sensay bot what she needs natural language, and sensay matches and routes that need potential users who can help. does using mix topical and behavioral data the users have provided the course using sensay. the first user who responds begins chat conversation, and the users then converse peer-to-peer format. either party may close the chat, which prompts double-sided rating and option express gratitude sending "tip" the other chat participant sensay coins, in-app value system. the sensay platform indexes the chat transcript improve future routing similar needs and users. date, over million sensay coins are circulation among roughly million users. sensay's core matching algorithm and routing engine allows users connect each other based knowledge, helpfulness, availability, and other factors for valuable conversations and can expand any communication layer. sensay users exchanging knowledge chat current functionality sensay coins currently, sensay operates sensay coins, internal token, which used chat participants exchange value (tip) each other express gratitude. date, over million sensay coins are circulation among over million users. the increasing popularity sensay coins attributed their various utilities the sensay platform: users earn sensay coins via contributions the network checking-in knowledge (user data) referring new users into the network users earn sensay coins via peer-to-peer transactions and systematic rewards transactions chat (tip) knowledge attribution tipped chat between active chatters reward for consecutive availability reward for timely activity users spend sensay coins for exclusive on-platform usage add additional tokens expedite request (increase response time) pay use features (eg. unlock chats) pay gain premium routing features e.g. extended time, higher expertise current specific examples solutions sensay coins platform: account creation/on-boarding: sensay coins earned user discovers one sensay's bots, starts chatting user's first message creates account onboarding micro-bot asks user pick things they know about onboarding micro-bot hands off sensay bot sensay bot informs the user they have earned sensay coins ii. pre-empted merchant: sensay coin earned sensay user enters need one sensay's bots sensay's matching and routing signals relevant potential merchants user tries respond but there already active merchant the chat user pre-empted merchant and earns sensay coin iii. one time re-up user coin balance coins given when balance iv. optional tip chat close: variable sensay coins earned (average coins) sensay user enters need one sensay's bots sensay's matching and routing signals relevant potential users merchant responds and both users have chat sensay either chat participant can close the chat, triggering rating and tip prompt either chat participant can tip the other sensay coins their balance sensay bot notifies each chat participant sensay coins earned the chat sensay's vision the existing sensay platform, and the launch the sdn represent vision for: decentralized messaging users owning their own data all billion global mobile users connecting and transacting with each other free, interoperable communication between centralized and decentralized applications users creating meaningful work and have access new jobs most-used "apps" are bots messengers launch the sdn the value for human capital enabled smart contracts sensay launching the sdn with the belief that all humans are valuable and all humans have the right connect and transact their intrinsic value: knowledge, skills, and experience that can shared tangible intangible way. call this human capital. it's the value each individual's contribution our collective intelligence. the sdn will operate network for the use and sharing human capital, built ethereum-based smart contracts that use the sense token assign value the human capital used and shared the network. sense adds quantifiable value the skills, knowledge, and expertise everyone has, enabling trade these human capital goods global communities. humans.ai the universal protocol for human intelligence sensay introducing humans.ai, the first application the sdn, blockchain-based conversational platform that seeks to: index the world's humans based their skills, expertise and knowledge (rather than identity) create the superhighway for human discovery provide direct link any human their personalized a.i. agent for conversational help and advice; for conversations and transactions human augmented intelligence the first applications the sdn will involve smart contracts (described below) and apis developed sensay part the humans.ai application. some the apis will enable users interact with the sdn accessing certain information way "oracle," and sensay will operate one more oracles provide functionality the apis and the network. developers can leverage the data made available both via the public sdn and sensay's humans.ai apis, and they can earn sense contributing the network. sensay the application earns sense sending conversation data humans.ai and pays sense for each conversation requests via the api. human data and conversations stored behind the humans.ai api can tapped into other applications and bots seeking integrated human connections and support. proof intelligence sensay aims create the ubiquitous record human knowledge attribution the blockchain. the web age had page ranking. today are the messaging age. how you find the humans? sensay's humans.ai api the system record find human their knowledge, skills and intelligence. sensay allows their users check knowledge for sense either overtly (self-check-in) behaviorally (event-based check-in) which becomes your wallet skills and reputation. sensay intends build the apis and smart contracts available today eventually power functionality such proof intelligence, intelligence attribution, and conversational consensus. sense token and sdn smart contracts sensay has introduced the sdn decentralized and interoperable messenger platform enabling anyone chat and transact freely across centralized messaging applications. sense, erc- compliant token, serves unit account the sdn, enabling unique interactions with smart contracts that can provide content, live interactions, bots, program tools and data contributions across the sensay platform and other messaging applications. character, sense decentralized utility token fixed supply that can integrated into applications the transactional layer value. the time the token sale, users sensay who hold sensay coins are given one-to-one conversion for that amount sense tokens. the ethereum blockchain currently the industry standard for issuing custom digital assets and smart contracts. the erc token interface allows for the deployment standard token that compatible with the existing infrastructure the ethereum ecosystem, such development tools, wallets, and other distributed applications. sense functionality launch the time the sdn launch: (i) fixed supply tokens are created, (ii) million those tokens are made available for purchase users exchange for cryptocurrency (btc/eth), and (iii) certain apis for humans.ai are made available for use across the sdn. order demonstrate the consumptive utility new sense tokens for participants launch, sensay provides the following functionalities the new sense tokens: one-to-one conversion sensay coins into new sense tokens via external wallets checking knows attribute knowledge via the knowledge attribution smart contract earning chat and starting chat require token balance-for humans bots sense smart contracts launch, the sdn functionality will involve main token contract along with the functionality additional contracts the sense network. the first smart contracts for sense available day are: sense token knowledge attribution (user has supplied knowledge, and such knowledge remains attributable the user) knowledge access (user has searched for knowledge, and can obtain access other users with the knowledge sought) these contracts form full loop how sense tokens enter user's wallet and are used access functionality the network. sense token contract user account ethereum network can thought the user's ethereum wallet address. this wallet address can hold variety ether and one more associated smart contracts, including erc- smart contracts for tracking tokens, such sense. users can come any application the sdn and create sense wallet. developers can also create sense wallets for themselves and register with sensay for credentials access the humans.ai api. knowledge attribution contract the knowledge attribution contract the contract that creates hash the knowledge attributable given user, and thereby attributes knowledge particular user the sdn. this contract involves mandatory parameters and optional one record user's knowledge the blockchain, follows: the ether wallet address which the smart contract (i.e., knowledge attribution) sent (public wallet key) amount sense due, calculated when knowledge oracalized the api hash knowledge that created the oracle via api developer referring user wallet (optional) knowledge access contract the knowledge access contract the contract that provides access the users with attributed knowledge. this contract will include the following parameters: query string the knowledge sought "invoice number," which the reference number created the api that contains (i) summary the results the knowledge query, and (ii) amount sense tokens due for accessing all the results the "from" ether wallet address pay the invoice (public wallet key) the smart contract activates the sense token for use linking the api token smart contract hash, and then grants user (or application) access the knowledge. when the invoice paid, there -way split between the following parties sense tokens: user attributed owner knowledge sense network developer whose app attributed the knowledge (optional) blockchain implementation-decentralization the core sense the blockchain solution uniquely necessary for the knowledge attribution functionality; the "proof intelligence" mechanism uses conversational data link attributed knowledge the blockchain--validating it, timestamping, and making broadly accessible other sdn parties (i.e. other chat applications, publishers, and developers). smart contract code executed the ethereum blockchain brings significant advantages relative centralized databases, including lower costs, immutability, transparency, irreversibility, anonymity, and security. these characteristics blockchain are particularly important for creating efficient system human knowledge attribution, exchange, and reward for the sdn, where sense serves value attribution mechanism for human capital. open-sourced apis humans.ai api methods the sense smart contracts, which represent fully decentralized web functionality, work tandem with the apis provided open-sourced basis the humans.ai application. the smart contracts record transactions the blockchain, providing hash data and token access the data via the api. /api/v/know /know the first service the humans.ai api and serves the technical foundation for future services. know provides global utility for recording knowledge attribution data the blockchain and platform for knowledge verification. /api/v/humans /humans the second service the humans.ai api and provides means looking user's consolidated profile the sense decentralized network wallet id. takes wallet_id input and outputs user's profile object which includes all their knowledge attribution, sense balance and optional means contact the user. knowledge attribution examples use case knowledge attribution via oauth applications user comes site (e.g. makesense.com) and creates account. during this account creation the user given wallet sensay account. after creating their account, the user sees list supported sites. these supported sites allow them oauth with various services that connect user data. the application then pulls their profile data down and classifies the things that they know and rewards them for the help they have provided. the oauth applications start ingest the data, the data saved the api endpoint where analyzed and hashed. analyzed unhashed data stored record the sense server. the record's hashed key along with the user's wallet and the reward amount are stored the blockchain, via the smart learn contract that will put the sense the user's account. use case knowledge attribution via reddit users websites like reddit will post, comment, and advise each other broad variety topics. these posts and comments are rated other users reddit for their usefulness which represented score called karma reddit. this reputation will converted into sense giving the users credit for these actions. each user action reddit post will recorded the user's sense wallet. using the reddit api, the application authenticates the reddit user, takes the user's reddit karma and feeds into the humans.ai api endpoint. once user's attribution has been verified, then tokens will given from the sense master wallet the user wallet using the transfer function. use case knowledge attribution via sensay users sensay help each other providing advice variety topics via chat. these chats are rated and are qualified and scored sensay for their usefulness which represented chat score sensay. this reputation will converted into sense giving the users credit for these actions. using the sensay api, the application authenticates the sensay user, takes the user's sensay chat score and feeds into the humans.ai api endpoint: use case knowledge attribution via github users github are software developers who have contributed their code the github website help other developers who are building applications. developers perform various actions github that may eligible for knowledge attribution sense, including: creating code repositories receive pull requests from other developers who contribute the repositories initiating pull requests other developers contribute their repositories gain stars repository they create forks repository make personal copy someone else's code repository follow other developers gain followers when other developers follow you date stamps for users and repos tell user's tenure each are inputs their reputation github. this reputation will converted into sense giving the users credit for these actions. user projects and followers reddit post will recorded the user's sense wallet. planned end state ecosystem sense intends the center digital economy inside the sdn ecosystem; will help facilitate demand generation and supply side incentivizing all participants the ecosystem and launch incentive mechanism for all participants contribute the ecosystem. parties the intended ecosystem may categorized into two groups: end users represented companies and users looking for product, content, live interaction creation. they create the smart contract order request services from counterparties such developers via the platform. developers, partners, publishers, platforms generally are companies, individuals, contractors looking actively develop on, participate in, and make use the ecosystem. they accept request for services and are paid tokens. the platform intends match smart contract creators with developers, publishers, partners, and other users that pay sense for the use data, interactions, and content are compensated sense for the creation content, program tools, bots, data live interaction: token launch, sensay intends sell its new sense tokens end users exchange for cryptocurrencies (btc/eth) fund the operations future decentralized network development new user account creation driven smart contracts that attribute and value knowledge end users create smart contracts requesting service and use sense pay service providers developers all users the sense decentralized network act publishers, who contribute content for tokens developers provide service smart contract creators, create platform tools and get compensated tokens for its usage--tokens enable this tool creation users provide service and get compensated tokens for chat data, bot, human api calls for live help, and referrals other users partners consume information from chats, analyze data and compensate the platform and users via tokens. once the protocol built and ecosystem established, intend work toward framework for increased utility among participants within the ecosystem. the vision for the end-state solution the sense decentralized network: account creation on-boarding: variable tokens earned user discovers sdn app/bot, starts chatting sdn app/bot asks user check their knows manually connecting account sdn app/bot hits /earn api method give users sense tokens sdn app/bot can hit /me api method retrieve user's token balance sdn app/bot informs the user they have sense tokens ii. earning chat human bot: variable tokens earned user discovers sdn app/bot, submits need and optional gas sdn app/bot hits merchant either chat /humans api bot responds and participant can tip method which both users have the other sense signals relevant chat sdn tokens their potential users app/bot /me balance sdn app/bot notifies each chat participant sense tokens earned the chat smart contract has /tribe clause then tribe members earn too iii. earning for knowledge attribution: variable tokens earned smart contract user performs sdn app/bot hits established for actions sdn the /earn api each sdn app/bot that method give app/bot with trigger attribution users sense attribution rules rules tokens prior step can happen bulk api method asynchronously sdn app/bot can hit /me api method retrieve user's token balance sdn app/bot informs the user they have sense tokens iv. earning asynchronously chat data: variable sense tokens earned apps/bots, humans, tribes sdn app/bot smart contract records chat via established with /earn api method attribution rules sdn app/bot accesses chat via /chats api method smart contract determines incremental /earn per message consumed sdn app/bot alerts user earning hitting /me api method smart contract has /tribe clause then tribe members earn too smart introductions and routing: variable sense tokens earned apps/bots, humans, tribes sdn app/bot records chat via /earn api method smart contract established with attribution rules sdn app/bot accesses chat via /chats api method smart contract determines incremental /earn per message consumed sdn app/bot alerts user earning hitting /me api method smart contract has /tribe clause then tribe members earn too architecture sense will operate -tier architecture. application sensay and any decentralized centralized application service open source api with methods for knowledge work, chats, contacts token sense erc token the ethereum network blockchain blockchain-based attribution and rewards for knowledge user tier application layer sdn applications tier service layer humans.ai (api) tier token layer sense erc token tier blockchain layer ethereum blockchain application layer sensay the first application the sense decentralized network. others will follow, including the following the centralized and decentralized spaces: desktop applications web applications mobile applications chatbots voice applications ar/vr applications service layer (humans.ai api) sense tokens are transacted across the sdn developers integrate with the humans.ai api service layer otherwise develop smart contract functionality. the humans.ai api supports the following methods: /know record and value actions attribute value for knowledge work /humans get humans who...and their associated attributed knowledge /tribes find humans who all... /know attribute knowledge inputs: api token, array external uuids, knows per uuid, notes per uuid, gas amount outputs: array user ids and smart contract ids the smart contract started for each user's knows and requires users come and claim their knows having chats across the sdn verify the knows /humans get relevant human and access their knowledge inputs: api token, keywords, humans, (optional: tribe ids filter tribes), gas amount outputs: array user ids (optional: user profiles with skills and actions performed across sdn, average rating, sense balance) /tribes find tribe the sdn inputs: api token, keywords, #tribes, gas amount outputs: array tribe ids use tribe ids filter chats humans baseline bots baseline bots for each major messenger will available github that developers can use interact with the humans.ai api. the bots provide baseline functionality and can operate testnet mode production mode transacting actual sense. conclusion sense intended provide the missing connective tissue between users isolated, centralized applications who are unable share and monetize their most valuable assets, creating powerful incentive around messaging activity that consumes major component average web user's day. sense makes sense! users earn value for every contribution they make network, the incentives align the favor each participant. when users own their own data, like freelancer, they can choose whether not sell and earn revenue that sale. creating economy around human capital value transfer eliminates the need for advertising and the emotional manipulation that comes along with it, potentially providing better and more fulfilling experience for the users. appendix glossary terms definition common terms used this paper active_chatter sensay app user who actively chatting active consumer active merchant api application programming interface, e.g. humans.ai api app mobile, web messaging application dapp the sdn asset object that inserted into sensay chat either the consumer merchant chat conversation sensay between merchant and consumer, triggered need close command sensay end chat which triggers the rating and tip steps coins sensay coins used the closed loop sensay application consumer sensay user who needs something, either information assets dapp decentralized application that works the blockchain disabled sensay user who enters stop command unsubscribe from sdn flag sensay rating report abuse. strikes and suspend, strike bans user flip forwarding sensay chat need potential merchant who can help humans.ai open source application programming interface (api) access data sdn mebot conversational agent using user's attributed knowledge training data merchant sensay user who provides sells information assets consumer need the first message sensay chat from the consumer with the request for help next (user) ability connect next sensay consumer merchant oracalized the process extracting and attributing knowledge from corpus the user's raw data pass potential sensay merchant dismissing incoming need. "no" don't know) peek ability view sensay chat happening live that has happened preempted attempting take sensay chat too slowly become the active chatter rating double sided sensay chat rating where both users score each other routing the process which sensay user identified and signalled for chat sense token the sense decentralized network, based ethereum sdn sense decentralized network encompassing sense and humans.ai api signal the message that goes potential sensay merchants ask they can help tip sensay coin payments made between two users tribe user group sdn who share least shared characteristics e.g geo skill user user the sdn algorithms conversational routing and conversational valuing are both performed ensemble support vector machines (svm's) support vector clustering with one svm for each main classification. this means have take the probability each, below and use the best fit. using platt scaling classification model, where the inputs, the class label, and and are two scalars that come from generative runs; p(y |x) exp(af(x)+b)) the other part the equation sorting out how relevant each user the resulting svc outcome. this done applying the function each the potential merchants currently inactive (and thus eligible) for this topic (number chats topic rated good and tipped total number chats) sense topic (positive boosts negative boosts) user ranking for topic the sdn accesses may access the future, further developed the business logic above but also the following variables fine tuning required for any topic subset. developers who want contribute their own algorithms micro-bots for routing attribution will able and gain attribution sense for the actions involving their code the sdn. conversational routing (cr) how sense user scored for his her knowledge for specific topics and selected potential merchant for chat. variables include (weighted most least) chats topic average sense earned per chat average rating earned over chats topic average turns taken chats topic chats responded total chats signalled average gratitude sentiment analysis chats topic user ranking compared others that topic negative downgrades for ignoring passing similar chats positive boosts for potential merchants similar the consumer dynamic allocation for wildcard users train learning knowledge value attribution (kva) how user receives attribution for their knowledge sensay and earns sense. variables include (weighted most least) know verified chat merchant message chat upvoted the community conversion currency for off-network knowledge work type knowledge action (primary e.g post, secondary e.g. comment, tertiary e.g like endorse) attribution user's tribe virtue tribe membership upvoting message chat secondary act publishing friend-referred knows self-reported knows conversational value incrementation (cvi) how chat sensay and increments value for total potential sense user users can earn. variables include (weighted most least) randomized variable bounty aka "golden need" for merchants randomized variable bounty open needs upvoted interested peeking users randomized variable bounty for tribe membership attribution randomized variable bounty for each incremental step referring user need the perfect person blockchain specifications sense smart contracts sense intends provide blockchain level contract which allows any party store, and search for, known users knowledge. this end, there are few contract calls which are special note. fixed order, these are follows; displayuser(address user_id) show user and any confirmed knowledge they have. refuted items will removed and not publically visible. addknowledgetouser(address user_id, bytes knowledge) party, suggest knowledge for user that they may not have listed. try add knowledge user who already has this listed (either confirmed themselves pending their confirmation) then will added another confirmknowledge call instead. confirmknowledgeforuser(address user_id, bytes knowledge) the case that party wants give thumbs-up users specific knowledge item, they can use this. this will only work existing knowledge items. for adding, please see the previous contract call disputeknowledgeforuser(address user_id, bytes knowledge) this effectively thumbs-down users knowledge item. finduserswithknowledge(bytes knowledge) search the blockchain for any users which have the matching knowledge item. user can also, after unlocking the appropriate wallet/store, some functionality themselves; showmyknowledge() this simply will display any confirmed knowledge for the user, how confirmed parties, well any suggestions added parties via addknowledgetouser for the user. addmyknowledge(bytes knowledge) when user wants add some knowledge that not listed, they can call this. the case that they are trying add knowledge when they have this already listed (either confirmed themselves pending their confirmation) then will added another confirmknowledge call instead. note that this call will not allow duplicates ie; "cooking" twice will not make two entries, the first one already confirmed. confirmmyknowledge(address txn_id) when user wants add knowledge, then the will call this with the blockchain transaction confirm. the case that this community party suggested addition, will make user confirmed, and increase the attribution count. legal disclaimer the purpose this white paper present the sense project potential token holders connection with the proposed token launch. the information set forth below may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. its sole purpose provide relevant and reasonable information potential token holders order for them determine whether undertake thorough analysis the company with the intent acquiring sense tokens. nothing this white paper shall deemed constitute prospectus any sort solicitation for investment, nor does any way pertain offering solicitation offer buy any securities any jurisdiction. this document not composed accordance with, and not subject to, laws regulations any jurisdiction which are designed protect investors. certain statements, estimates and financial information contained this white paper constitute forward-looking statements information. such forward-looking statements information involves known and unknown risks and uncertainties which may cause actual events results differ materially from the estimates the results implied expressed such forward-looking statements. this english language white paper the primary official source information about the sense token launch. the information contained herein may from time time translated into other languages used the course written verbal communications with existing and prospective customers, partners etc. the course such translation communication some the information contained herein may lost, corrupted, misrepresented. the accuracy such alternative communications cannot guaranteed. the event any conflicts inconsistencies between such translations and communications and this official english language white paper, the provisions this english language original document shall prevail. important note: described elsewhere and this white paper, sense tokens are not being designed sold currency, securities any other form investment product. accordingly, none the information presented this white paper intended solicitation for investment, form the basis for any investment decision, and specific recommendations are intended. any interest purchasing sense tokens should solely for use connection with the token's utility, described this white paper, and not for any other purposes, including, but not limited to, any investment, speculative other financial purposes.