this draft whitepaper and the information this draft whitepaper subject further verification of, updating, revision and amendments the token group (as defined below). sentinel chain whitepaper the world's first global marketplace for financial inclusion services version anyone may use, reproduce distribute any material this white paper for noncommercial educational use without permission (i.e. other than for fee for commercial purposes) provided that the original source and the applicable copyright notice are cited. contents legal disclaimer abstract introduction the team project team board advisors investment partners market trends and potential the hidden economic capital the unbanked the rising global demand for food the sentinel chain ecosystem livestock identification tag crosspay mobile application crosspay blockchain sentinel chain sentinel chain token (senc) differences between lct and senc sentinel chain alliance partners the sentinel chain token (senc) features insurance loan collateral crowdfunding community projects e-payments increase adoption and utilisation the sentinel chain token sale the sale details token distribution schedule use funds foundation structure infocorp agtech infocorp technologies execution and roadmap conclusion references appendix livestock identity tag appendix crosspay mobile app appendix crosspay blockchain appendix sentinel chain important: you must read the following disclaimer full before continuing the sale the sentinel chain token ("sentinel tokens" "senc"), detailed this whitepaper (the "whitepaper") only intended for, made directed at, only persons outside the united states america and the people's republic china, provided such persons are not citizens, persons domiciled in, residents countries the laws which prohibit conflict with the token sale (as defined below) participation the token sale, and may acted upon only persons outside the united states america and the people's republic china provided such persons are not citizens, persons domiciled in, residents countries the laws which prohibit conflict with the token sale participation the token sale. moreover, this whitepaper not prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment, solicitation for any form investment any jurisdiction. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. this whitepaper has not been registered with any regulatory authority any jurisdiction. accessing and/or accepting possession any information this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be), you represent and warrant each the following entities: (a) infocorp technologies technologies"); pte. ltd. (singapore company no.: ("infocorp (b) infocorp foundation ltd. (singapore company no: ("foundation"); and (c) infocorp agtech ltd. (british virgin islands company no: ("infocorp agtech") (collectively, the "token group", and each, "token group entity"), that: (i) you are not citizen, resident, person domiciled in, green card holder the united states america; (ii) you are not citizen, person domiciled in, resident country the laws which prohibit conflict with the token sale (as referred hereto the whitepaper) your participation the token sale; (iii) you agree bound the limitations and restrictions described herein; and (iv) you acknowledge that this whitepaper has been prepared for delivery you assist you making decision whether purchase the sentinel tokens. important notice this whitepaper current form being circulated the token group for general information and invite investor feedback only the sentinel chain ecosystem (as referred hereto the whitepaper) presently conceived, and subject review and revision the token group, the advisers, and/or legal advisers the token group. please not replicate distribute any part this whitepaper without this note accompaniment. part this whitepaper intended create legal relations between recipient this whitepaper legally binding enforceable such recipient against any token group entity. updated version this whitepaper may published date determined and announced the token group due course. please read this section and the following sections entitled "disclaimer liability", "no representations and warranties", "representations and warranties you", "cautionary note forward-looking statements", "third party information and consent other persons", "terms used", "no advice", "no further information update", "restrictions distribution and dissemination", "no offer investment registration" and "risks and uncertainties" carefully. you are any doubt the action you should take, you should consult your legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s). the sentinel tokens are proprietary erc token standard cryptographic tokens developed and issued the token group function [as the native utility token used the sentinel chain ecosystem. "erc token standard" means the set criteria, (including criteria relation functions and events) developed the ethereum community, which has met smart contract blockchain order enable inter-operability across multiple interfaces and distributed applications. the sentinel tokens are not intended constitute securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment any jurisdiction. this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment, solicitation for any form investment any jurisdiction. this whitepaper does not constitute form part any opinion any advice acquire, sell, any solicitation any offer any token group entity acquire any sentinel tokens nor shall any part nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment relation the acquisition sentinel tokens and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper. any agreement between token group entity and you participant the sale the sentinel tokens token group entity (the "token sale"), and relation any purchase sentinel tokens governed only separate document setting out the terms and conditions (the "token sale terms") such agreement. the event any inconsistencies between the token sale terms and this whitepaper, the former shall prevail. the token sale intended for, made directed only persons outside the united states america and the people's republic china and may acted upon only persons outside the united states america and the people's republic china, provided such persons are not citizens, persons domiciled in, residents countries the laws which prohibit conflict with the token sale participation the token sale. accordingly, you are not eligible and you are not purchase any sentinel tokens the token sale you are located the united states america the people's republic china the time your intended purchase purchase sentinel tokens the token sale. you are also not eligible and you are not purchase any sentinel tokens the token sale you are citizen of, resident of, domiciled in, green card holder the united states america you are citizen of, domiciled in, resident country the laws which prohibit conflict with the token sale participation the token sale. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. there are risks and uncertainties associated with the token group and its business and operations, the sentinel tokens, the token sale, and the sentinel chain ecosystem. please refer the section entitled "risks and disclosures" set out the token sale terms. this whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not taken transmitted any country where distribution dissemination this whitepaper prohibited restricted. part this whitepaper reproduced, distributed disseminated without including this section and the following sections entitled "disclaimer liability", "no representations and warranties", "representations and warranties you", "cautionary note forward-looking statements", "third party information and consent other persons", "terms used", "no advice", "no further information update", "restrictions distribution and dissemination", "no offer investment registration" and "risks and uncertainties". disclaimer liability the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations and rules, none the token group entities shall liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you. representations and warranties none the token group entities makes purport make, and each token group entity hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this whitepaper. representations and warranties you accessing and/or accepting possession any information this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be), you represent and warrant each the token group entities follows: (a) you agree and acknowledge that the sentinel tokens not constitute securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment any jurisdiction; (b) you are not citizen, person domiciled in, resident country the laws which prohibit conflict with the token sale your participation the token sale; (c) you agree and acknowledge that this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment any jurisdiction, solicitation for any form investment, and you are not bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper; (d) you acknowledge and understand that senc token should construed, interpreted, classified treated enabling, according any opportunity to, tokenholders participate receive profits, income, other payments returns arising from connection with the sentinel tokens the proceeds the token sale, receive sums paid out such profits, income, other payments returns; (e) you agree and acknowledge that regulatory authority has examined approved the information set out this whitepaper, action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with; (f) you agree and acknowledge that this whitepaper, the undertaking and/or the completion the token sale, future trading sentinel tokens any cryptocurrency exchange, shall not construed, interpreted deemed you indication the merits any token group entity, the sentinel tokens, the token sale, and the sentinel chain ecoystem; (g) the distribution dissemination this whitepaper, any part thereof any copy thereof, acceptance the same you, not prohibited restricted the applicable laws, regulations rules your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions relation possession are applicable, you have observed and complied with all such restrictions your own expense and without liability any token group entity; (h) you agree and acknowledge that the case where you wish acquire any sentinel tokens, sentinel tokens are not construed, interpreted, classified treated as: (i) (i) any kind currency other than cryptocurrency; (ii) debentures, stocks shares issued any person entity; (iii) rights, options derivatives respect such debentures, stocks shares; (iv) rights under contract for differences under any other contract the purpose pretended purpose which secure profit avoid loss; (v) units collective investment scheme; (vi) units business trust; (vii) derivatives units business trust; (viii) any form investment; you are fully aware and understand that you are not eligible acquire any sentinel tokens you are (i) citizen, resident, person domiciled in, green card holder the united states america; (ii) citizen, resident, person domiciled in, resident country the laws which prohibit conflict with the token sale your participation the token sale; (iii) person who located the united states america the people's republic china the time your intended purchase purchase sentinel tokens the token sale; (j) you are legally permitted participate the token sale and all actions contemplated associated with such participation, including the holding and use sentinel tokens; (k) the amounts that you use acquire the sentinel tokens were not and are not directly indirectly derived from any activities that contravene the laws and regulations any jurisdiction, including anti-money laundering laws and regulations; (l) you are natural person, you are sufficient age and capacity under the applicable laws the jurisdiction which you reside and the jurisdiction which you are citizen participate the token sale; (m) you are not obtaining using sentinel tokens for any illegal purpose; (n) you have basic degree understanding the operation, functionality, usage, storage, transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology, and smart contract technology; (o) you are fully aware and understand that the case where you wish purchase any sentinel tokens, there are risks associated with each token group entity and its respective businesses and operations, sentinel tokens, the token sale, and the sentinel chain ecosystem; (p) you bear the sole responsibility determine what tax implications purchase sentinel tokens may have for you and agree not hold any token group entity any other person involved the token sale liable for any tax liability associated with arising therefrom; (q) you agree and acknowledge that none the token group entities liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you; (r) you waive the right participate class action lawsuit class wide arbitration against the any token group entity and/or any person involved the token sale and/or with the creation and distribution sentinel tokens; and (s) all the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and non-misleading from the time your access and/or acceptance possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be). cautionary note forward-looking statements all statements contained this whitepaper, statements made press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made the token group entities its respective directors, executive officers employees acting behalf any token group entity (as the case may be), that are not statements historical fact, constitute "forward-looking statements". some these statements can identified forward-looking terms such "aim", "target", "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "if", "intend", "may", "plan", "possible", "probable", "project", "should", "would", "will" other similar terms. however, these terms are not the exclusive means identifying forward-looking statements. all statements regarding the token group's business strategies, plans and prospects and the future prospects the industry which the token group are forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements, including but not limited statements the token group's prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters discussed this whitepaper regarding the token group are matters that are not historic facts, but only predictions. these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements the token group materially different from any future results, performance achievements expected, expressed implied such forward-looking statements. these factors include, amongst others: (a) changes political, social, economic and stock cryptocurrency market conditions, and the regulatory environment the countries which the token group conducts its business and operations, including singapore; (b) the risk that the token group may unable execute implement its business strategies and future plans; (c) changes interest rates and exchange rates fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies; (d) changes the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth the token group and the sentinel chain ecosystem; (e) changes the availability and fees payable any token group entity connection with its businesses and operations the sentinel chain ecosystem network; (f) changes the availability and salaries employees who are required the respective token group entity operate their respective businesses and operations; (g) changes preferences users the sentinel chain ecosystem; (h) changes competitive conditions under which the token group operates, and the ability the token group compete under such conditions; (i) changes the future capital needs the token group and the availability financing and capital fund such needs; (j) war acts international domestic terrorism; (k) occurrences catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts god that affect the businesses and/or operations the token group; (l) other factors beyond the control the token group; and (m) any risk and uncertainties associated with the token group and its business and operations, the sentinel tokens, the token sale, and the sentinel chain ecosystem. all forward-looking statements made attributable the token group persons acting behalf the token group are expressly qualified their entirety such factors. given that risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements the token group materially different from that expected, expressed implied the forward-looking statements this whitepaper, undue reliance must not placed these statements. these forward-looking statements are applicable only the date this whitepaper. none the token group entities any other person represents, warrants, and/or undertakes that the actual future results, performance achievements the token group will discussed those forwardlooking statements. the actual results, performance achievements the token group may differ materially from those anticipated these forward-looking statements. nothing contained this whitepaper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance policies the token group. further, each token group entity disclaims any responsibility update any those forward-looking statements publicly announce any revisions those forward-looking statements reflect future developments, events circumstances, even new information becomes available other events occur the future. third party information and consent other persons this whitepaper includes information obtained from various third party sources ("third party information"). none the publishers third party information has consented the inclusion third party information this whitepaper and therefore not liable for third party information. while the token group has taken reasonable action ensure that third party information have been included their proper form and context, none the token group entities its respective directors, executive officers, and employees acting its behalf, has independently verified the accuracy, reliability, completeness the contents, ascertained any applicable underlying assumption, the relevant third party information. consequently, none the token group entities its directors, executive officers and employees acting their behalf makes any representation warranty the accuracy, reliability completeness such information and shall not obliged provide any updates the same. terms used facilitate better understanding the sentinel tokens being the subject the sale conducted the token group, and the businesses and operations the token group, certain technical terms and abbreviations, well as, certain instances, their descriptions, have been used this whitepaper. these descriptions and assigned meanings should not treated being definitive their meanings and may not correspond standard industry meanings usage. words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice versa and words importing the masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine and neuter genders and vice versa. references persons shall include corporations. advice information this whitepaper should considered business, legal, financial tax advice regarding any token group entity, the sentinel tokens, the token sale, the sentinel chain ecosystem. you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional adviser regarding the token group and its business and operations, the sentinel tokens, the token sale, and the sentinel chain ecosystem. you should aware that you may required bear the financial risk any purchase sentinel tokens for indefinite period time. further information update person has been authorised give any information representation not contained this whitepaper connection with the token group and its business and operations, the sentinel tokens, the token sale, the sentinel chain ecosystem, given, such information representation must not relied upon having been authorised behalf the token group. the token sale shall not, under any circumstances, constitute continuing representation create any suggestion implication that there has been change, development reasonably likely involve material change the affairs, conditions and prospects the token group any statement fact information contained this whitepaper since the date hereof. restrictions distribution and dissemination the distribution dissemination this whitepaper any part thereof may prohibited restricted the laws, regulatory requirements, and rules any jurisdiction. the case where any restriction applies, you are inform yourself about, and observe, any restrictions which are applicable your possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be) your own expense and without liability any token group entity. persons whom copy this whitepaper has been distributed disseminated, provided access who otherwise have the whitepaper their possession shall not circulate any other persons, reproduce otherwise distribute this whitepaper any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit cause the same occur. offer investment registration this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment, solicitation for any form investment any jurisdiction. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper. the token sale intended for, made directed only persons outside the united states america and the people's reublic china and may acted upon only persons outside the united states america and the people's republic china, provided such persons are not citizens, persons domiciled in, residents countries the laws which prohibit conflict with the token sale participation the token sale. accordingly, you are not eligible and you are not purchase any sentinel tokens the token sale you are located the united states america the people's republic china the time your intended purchase purchase sentinel tokens the token sale. you are also not eligible and you are not purchase any sentinel tokens the token sale you are citizen of, resident of, domiciled in, green card holder the united states america you are citizen of, domiciled in, resident country the laws which prohibit conflict with the token sale participation the token sale. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. risks and uncertainties prospective purchasers sentinel tokens should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with the token group and its business and operations, the sentinel tokens, the token sale, and the sentinel chain ecosystem, all information set out this whitepaper and the token sale terms prior any purchase the sentinel tokens. any such risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business, financial condition, results operations and prospects the token group could materially and adversely affected. such cases, you may lose all part the value the sentinel tokens. please refer the section entitled "risks and disclosures" set out the token sale terms. abstract the 'poor' are much richer than they think. what they need solution unlock their economic potential. bring them the sentinel chain, blockchain based solution the problem 'dead capital'. the sentinel chain global marketplace for financial services accepting the use livestock collateral. the sentinel chain addresses two main issues solved allow the asset tokenization livestock: first, the creation process that transforms livestock from 'dead capital' fungible asset with transparent and clear defined value. second, the creation open and transparent marketplace that connects the unbanked the network global financial providers. this paper introduces the concept and benefits sentinel chain well technical appendix which elaborates the design and fundamental architectural decisions. keywords: financial inclusion, livestock, collateral, dead capital, blockchain technology, smallholder farmers, unbanked introduction livestock integral part the greatest enterprise earth small-scale agriculture. other enterprise supports the livelihoods many people. there are more than million farms worldwide, most which are small and family-operated. these smallholder farmers rely seasonal agricultural production for their livelihoods. approximately the global food production comes from small-scale agriculture. smallholders are driving force feeding the world. according the fao world census agriculture and undesa rural population data, smallholders are the largest global segment living less than us$ day and are central global financial inclusion efforts but reaching them with financial services challenging. due the seasonal and volatile nature agriculture, financial service providers face liquidity management and concentration challenges due covariant risks i.e. farmers the same area generally borrow the same time and often engage the same activities, and are therefore exposed the same risks. one the primary barriers private-sector credit smallholders the lack physical collateral the economic value their physical asset such livestock not recognized 'capital' the financial economy. the problem 'dead capital' leaves the smallholders unfortunate position low financial capability. without access formal financial services, they are subjected higher costs borrowing providers often require greater incentives offer them credit. 'dead capital' exists because have forgotten that converting physical asset such livestock generate capital for example, using the cow borrow money manage cash outflows and inflows during times volatile weather and markets requires extremely complex process. the 'poor' are much richer than they think. what they need solution unlock their economic potential. there are two main issues solved order allow asset tokenization livestock: first, the creation process that transforms livestock from 'dead capital' fungible asset with transparent and clear defined value. second, the creation open and transparent marketplace that connects the unbanked the liquidity pool global financial players. believe that the mutual creation livestock insurance and the registration livestock provenance blockchain provide new opportunity: the real possibility accepting livestock 'collateral' for loans. this innovative model will solve the complex process converting the physical asset generate economic capital. our solution will revolutionize financial access unlocking the true economic capital the unbanked. the team project team meet the team behind the sentinel chain project. roy lai chia hock lai founder/ ceo/ cto singapore council member singapore roy lai natural innovator with more than years technological experience with expertise blockchain, investment banking, and inter-bank payments. roy led the successful implementation fast (fast secure transfers) national real-time payment network connecting banks singapore. research fellow the singapore university social sciences, teaches courses blockchain programming and smart contracts. https://www.linkedin.com/in/roy-lai hock lai has years experience the financial industry, having performed roles both business and technology. besides being the founding president the singapore fintech association, also fellow the singapore university social science, advisor startups and mentor student fintech projects. alumnus the national university singapore and the nanyang technological university. https://www.linkedin.com/in/chiahock lai/ anson zeall zann kwan council member singapore council member singapore anson zeall seasoned blockchain and fintech entrepreneur. the chairman access, singapore's cryptocurrency and blockchain industry association, committee member the singapore fintech association. instructor the fintech and blockchain workshop for asian development bank and the various central banks south east asia. anson alumnus university new south wales and columbia business school. https://www.linkedin.com/in/ansonzea ll/ zann kwan brings with her years professional experience finance and investments, with the last four years the crypto-currency space. her team bitcoin exchange singapore brought the first public bitcoin machine asia singapore. previously, kwan was vice president with gic, leading global investment firm. she started her career with arthur andersen and kpmg and spent decade new york building her investment career. chartered financial analyst (cfa) charterholder, chartered accountant (ca, singapore) and fellow chartered certified accountant (fcca), she also sits the board access and frequent speaker and panelist fintech and blockchain technology. https://www.linkedin.com/in/zannkwa maximilliano canellas anne riana project director united states lead, blockchain development argentina head, and marketing singapore murli has significant project management, business analysis, software implementation and delivery experience the midst challenging enterprise environments. has strong ability articulate instructions from stakeholders, end users and designers into functional requirements for the development teams. maxi entrepreneur, cryptography enthusiast and blockchain developer. cryptologic cto, likes spend huge amounts time researching blockchain technology, which believes the greatest economic technology revolution this time. anne and marketing professional with expertise and experience strategy development and brand positioning for early-stage businesses. she passionate technology enthusiast with keen interest the application technology improve lives and enable positive change. david nguyen j.m. murli manohar trung dinh jamuna devi vietnam country manager vietnam lead (mobile) vietnam lead india david nguyen lecturer national university vietnam and has also founded blockchain startup. has over ten years experience software development. was former project leader vng cooperation and project manager you net, the second largest internet firm vim. trung member the founding team many startups vietnam. with more than half decade mobile application development, trung has worked for large companies vietnam such service and vng corp., and has constantly focused bringing the newest technologies for mass adoption. jamuna certified digital marketing expert. project manager two infocorp's major projects, she handles the segments. with years' experience with global clients. six sigma green belt certified, expertise includes logical, analytical reasoning and throughout the software development life cycle. edwan chiam jackie tan business analyst singapore head, business development singapore edwan's personal vision bridge communities, re-balance the poverty line and devise solutions enhance equality. edwan has inquisitive mind all things possible. embraces both technology and financial expertise develop use cases for the greater community. jackie the co-founder fundmylife platform that intelligently connects users with the right financial advisers, based their financial planning questions. plays important role infocorp team develop business concepts and offshore business capabilities. board advisors shen roland schwinn senior advisor senior advisor shen the founding partner fenbushi and blockasset. fenbushi capital was founded and the first venture capital firm that exclusively invests blockchain-enabled companies. executive director eurex and shareholder director the board directors bombay stock exchange (bse). conducted research digital disruption banking, fintech and financial inclusion, future wealth management cryptocurrencies. diego gutierrez zaldivar zeya thura mon dr. john vong blockchain advisor myanmar advisor financial inclusion advisor ceo co-founder rsk labs, president co-founder koibanx, president bitcoin latam and argentina ngos. also, founder xinergia, cero cien, arraiga and restocoins. ceo and group chairman rgk z&a group since instrumental the rapid development zeya associates, the sustained growth the royal gk, and the continuing success myanmar central power. alumni chicago booth, zeya also central force driving financial inclusion projects for the rural development myanmar. previously senior resident advisor united nations development programme and adjunct professor the national university singapore. juanita woodward bernardo corti ian myles financial inclusion advisor argentina advisor innovation advisor principal consultant ctd connecting the dots, with wide experience fintech, payments and digital financial services, international marketing strategy project management. lawyer the south america region, with research work related finance, technology and digital currencies. cryptologic ceo, currently developing projects related these sectors. originally from the uk, ian spent the last years mobile technology, including running advanced concept studio for motorola, and the last five plus years payments. professor david lee senior advisor professor david lee the fintech and blockchain space asia well silicon valley. the asean region, dr. david lee's mission harness technology for asean connectivity/ financial inclusion via singapore smart nation. investment partners founded fenbushi capital the first china-based venture capital firm that exclusively invests blockchain-enabled companies. our mission accelerate the inevitable future blockchain economy supporting may companies possible. strongly believe blockchain technology will play important role brining much more transparency, efficiency, and robustness into the global economy. with our experienced partners both traditional finance and the blockchain technology and many startup companies, hope bring this vision into fruition. iglobe partners harnesses decades collective industry and entrepreneurial experience, and have been the forefront cultivating singapore's start-up community. iglobe partners have invested entrepreneurs who are shaping development these three core areas: internet things (iot), internet/mobile applications, and health/biotech disruptive technologies that are expected have the greatest impact and influence consumers and enterprises the future. market trends and potential "it world where the ownership assets difficult trace and validate. governed legally recognizable set rules; where the assets' potentially useful economic attributes have not been described organized; where they cannot used obtain surplus value through multiple transactions because their unfixed nature and uncertainty leave too much room for misunderstanding, faulty recollection and reversal agreement. where most assets, short, are dead capital." hernando soto, the mystery capital the hidden economic capital the unbanked the 'mystery capital' soto writes about refers the seminal meaning the word. medieval latin, 'capital appears have denoted some form livestock, which have always been important sources wealth beyond the basic meat they provide. livestock can counted and measured, but most importantly, additional wealth (or surplus value) the form milk, hide, wool, meat and fuel can obtained from livestock. livestock also has the useful attribute the ability reproduce themselves. according soto, the term 'capital' begins two jobs simultaneously, capturing the physical dimension assets (i.e. livestock) well their potential generate surplus value. the moment, the unbanked lack access the mechanisms that could unlock the economic potential their livestock that they could used produce, secure, guarantee greater value the formal financial economy. "...farmers (in myanmar) have limited access competitive agricultural loans, most them have rely costly financing high interest rates, sometimes more than per month. high interest rates are inhibitor profitability. any other businesses, people will not invest the return inadequate." thadoe hein, managing director, myanmar awba group oxford business group, interview with thadoe hein november with more than million smallholder farms the world, there need address the number traditional pain points the context agricultural finance, making easier for farmers save, borrow, manage irregular income and insure against loss. although the use digital financial services expand smallholder access finance still its infancy, the sheer number pilots cause for optimism. the rising global demand for food demand for food and other agricultural products projected increase between smallholders developing countries produce the bulk the world's global food supply which has been showing increasing trend (see table and below). however, despite their important contribution, smallholders have suffered benign neglect policymakers and the international financial community. result, smallholders the developing world continue account for large proportion the poor (see figure and table production indices (-=) livestock milk meat fish table live animal production cattle sheep goats pigs buffaloes isolated from the benefits the global market economy, smallholders often cannot keep with the rising demand for food and face limited resources, poor access markets, affordable technologies, infrastructure and most importantly, credit. the smallholders are also the most vulnerable price shocks the global food price volatility. agriculture not just food-producing machine. the backbone the rural livelihood system, major source skilled and remunerative employment and powerful engine towards larger economic growth. the sentinel chain has been designed fuel this engine and empower the unbanked into economic prosperity. figure the map above illustrates the geographical density the rural poor smallholders i.e. the potential markets which will greatly benefit from the sentinel chain project. source: fao statistical pocketbook world food and agriculture, food and agriculture organization the united nations, figure table above shows the estimated increase the number rural poor livestock keepers regions such the middle east and north africa, south asia (india) and sub-saharan africa. source: fao statistical pocketbook world food and agriculture, food and agriculture organization the united nations, the sentinel chain ecosystem "i'm sure all here today would agree that financial services are the lifeblood economy." h.m. queen maxima inclusive technology for inclusive future speech the singapore fintech festival, november the sentinel chain the world's first global marketplace platform for financial inclusion services accepting the use livestock collateral. the ultimate objective the sentinel chain unlock the economic potential the unbanked bringing together international community financial providers looking participate facilitating financial inclusion open, secure and transparent marketplace. specifically designed provide affordable and secure financial services those who need most the billion unbanked. according the food and agriculture organisation the united nation's report world agriculture, growth the livestock sector has consistently exceeded that the crop sector the total demand for animal products developing countries expected more than double with financial inclusion being priority for developing countries, the sentinel chain project seeks introduce livestock 'capital' the formal financial economy, the transformation from 'dead capital' financial asset class will increase investment and participation substantially. the basis for such solution lies the creation physically tamper-proof and digitally-immutable system capable livestock provenance the origin livestock's existence. the sentinel chain ecosystem made main components: livestock identification tag crosspay mobile application crosspay blockchain sentinel chain sentinel chain token livestock identification tag the rfid-enabled livestock identity tag (livestock tag) tamper-proof and theft-proof both material design well data level. (i) (ii) (iii) from material design perspective, the tag has been designed prevent physical tampering theft. the tag has been designed for "single-use" and thus cannot removed without being destroyed. from data perspective, the tag stores the geolocation and time stamp information the crosspay blockchain. immutability and non-repudiation ensures the authenticity and secure traceability certifications, i.e. digital 'passport' that proves its existence and ownership identified entity and origin. from both material design and data perspective, the event that the tag has been forcibly removed, the information which resides the tag will invalidated, thus rendering the tag useless. crosspay mobile application the crosspay mobile application (android) mobile financial delivery mechanism for use with the crosspay blockchain. also designed mobile wallet that provides the unbanked with quick access their balances and allows for transactions with other users and merchants. crosspay blockchain the crosspay blockchain financial ecosystem specifically designed for the unbanked. managed and operated within local geography, accessible via the crosspay mobile application simple mobile interface built for android. since blockchains have been fundamentally designed decentralized technology for the grassroots level, highly suitable for deployment pockets local ecosystems meet the financial inclusion needs the unbanked. crosspay blockchains consist components: (a) tamper-proof rfid-enabled livestock tag, (b) crosspay mobile application, and (c) blockchain technology these innovative technological solutions will work together unlock the value "dead capital" trapped livestock, thus addressing the last mile problem financial inclusion. crosspay blockchain will use native cryptocurrency token called "local crosspay token" (or lct). lct will pegged the value the country's native currency. sentinel chain the sentinel chain the world's first global marketplace platform for financial inclusion services based the use livestock collaterals. has been designed with the specific purpose creating low-cost cross-border financial infrastructure connecting the isolated unbanked with limited access formal financial services global network financial providers. the sentinel chain consortium blockchain that operates within decentralized governance and connected multiple crosspay blockchains. doing so, the sentinel chain and the crosspay blockchains creates hub-and-spoke ecosystem specifically designed provide low-cost cross-border financial infrastructure. such infrastructure will provide liquidity the local unbanked population via international network financial providers. (see figure below) figure the diagram above shows high-level design the sentinel chain. sentinel chain token (senc) the sentinel chain token (senc) will erc-compatible token the public ethereum blockchain that allows global financial service providers and cryptocurrency holders participate the sentinel chain marketplace. activity the sentinel chain will performed solely using the sentinel token. this will make the sentinel token integral part the sentinel chain platform and the driver its economy. differences between the lct and the senc token the lct token will the local crosspay blockchain equivalent the senc token. will private token that resides only within each local crosspay blockchain. lct will used internally crosspay mobile facilitate the local payments crosspay blockchain services. the value lct pegged the country's native currency. every country will have its own lct token. lct token will not exist any public blockchain and cannot minted its own. lct can only purchased using senc. senc token will only exist the public ethereum blockchain. fixed number senc tokens will issued during initial token sale. senc will required for use with the functions provided the sentinel chain. senc can owned anyone with erc- compatible wallet. like all cryptocurrency tokens, senc may exposed market volatility. lct however will pegged the country's native currency value and will not exposed the volatility the cryptocurrency markets. sentinel chain alliance partners infocorp has formed alliances with various strategic partners extend the value the sentinel chain. maybank malaysia's largest bank both market capitalisation and total assets. also one the largest banks southeast asia, with total assets exceeding us$ billion and net profit us$. billion for the leading malaysian banking group with strong regional presence south asia and southeast asia, maybank acts the main provider settlement and foreign exchange services infocorp, facilitating sentinel chain's operations. (see appendix d). vechain renowned for creating powerful public provenance blockchain that can used combat counterfeit luxury goods. livestock ownership and owners' data remains the sentinel chain, livestock, the provenance the livestock can reside public provenance platform that integrated sentinel chain, such vechain. this can useful the case cross-border livestock trade and food supply chain where proof origin required. medishares the world's first global marketplace for mutual aid backed zhongtopia, the largest online mutual insurance china with membership base million users. medishares platform can integrated sentinel chain financial service provider and offer its services sentinel chain's unbanked market. the sentinel chain token features (senc) intend issue the sentinel chain token (senc), which primarily used medium exchange for the local community token (lct) which then used make payments for services participate projects. these features will explained greater detail follows: insurance loans collateral crowdfunding community projects e-payments facilitating livestock insurance problem: fraud one the biggest challenges livestock insurance. false insurance claim can filed swapping out the livestock tag from insured livestock asset onto uninsured livestock asset. the second challenge the lack accurate livestock time-series data that can used determine the livestock insurance premium. solution: physically tamper-proof livestock identity tag when combined with the digitally-immutable property blockchain storage provides the mechanism prevent such fraud. the blockchain inherently timeseries transaction ledger, this creates storage for analysis accurate livestock data for insurance premium future. function: senc can utilised livestock insurance companies medium exchange purchase lct, which lct turn can used pay for information storage and publication livestock insurance policy the local crosspay blockchain that such livestock insurance can associated with the identity the relevant livestock owner tracked the local crosspay blockchain and the identity the relevant livestock tracked tamper-proof livestock identification tag (see figure below). figure the diagram above shows the issuance livestock insurance loans using livestock collateral problem: the biggest challenge getting loans for the unbanked the lack credit history and the high interest rates obtaining unsecured loan. the second challenge the difficulty getting secured loan using livestock asset. currently, there accurate way provide the proof-of-ownership from unbanked livestock asset, the proof that has not been pledged another lender. high financing cost for unbanked farmers myanmar farm crop prices myanmar are much lower than vietnam and thailand. the reason access finance. according chief executive myanmar awba group, "myanmar farmers have take loans from loan sharks interest percent month, that translates percent year." not just farmers but traders the chain get finance similar rates. myanma awba group market leader agrochemical fertilizers myanmar, connects million farmers across the country through its vast network sales centres and dealers. interview with myanma awba ceo, thadoe hein frontier myanmar, october solution: livestock insurance policy combined with the use tamper-proof livestock identity tag and borrower's identity information the blockchain provides the attestation the claim ownership well the proof origin the livestock asset. the blockchain contains loan agreements that can used verify the livestock already been pledged. the use sentinel chain's design provides way create credit history which can then verified the blockchain future lenders. function: senc can utilised local financing companies medium exchange purchase lct. the lct can turn used pay for the publication livestock-collateralized loan agreements the local crosspay blockchain that such livestock-collateralized loan agreement can associated with the identity the relevant livestock owner tracked the local crosspay blockchain and the identity the relevant livestock tracked tamper-proof livestock identification tag. (see figure below) figure the diagram above shows the issuance loan agreements collateral third party local financial providers problem: local financing companies need access loans from larger offshore financing companies. this can incur high interest rate offset the high credit risks associated with unsecured loans. solution: through the creation livestock collateralised loans, local financing companies are better position manage risks. addition, local financing companies may use senc collateral for additional leverage. this puts local financing companies better position negotiate for more competitive interest rates and for offshore financing companies gain access new and emerging markets. function: senc may used collateral third party local financing companies (as borrowers) secure against offshore lending from third party offshore financing companies (as lenders) order minimise counter-party risk exposure for such offshore financing companies providing such lending. senc can held escrow guaranteed contract the ethereum blockchain. the event that the third party local financing company defaults, such escrowed senc can released the third party overseas financing company liquidated for funds. (see figure below) figure the diagram above shows the cross-border remittance facilitating third party crowdfunding projects problem: bring down the cost financing for the unbanked, the local financing companies must gain access cheaper source funding. however, due the risk premium and limited access funds, finding more affordable source funding for unsecured loans will challenging. solution: the sentinel chain will open marketplace for peer-to-peer lending and crowdfunding platforms integrate with network unbanked financing companies. this creates economy scale for the overseas lending platform while the same time providing alternative and competitive source funds local financing companies. livestock collaterals and senc collaterals are both credit risk mitigation measures that can verified sentinel chain giving the overseas lenders higher transparency and confidence provide loans local financing companies. function: third party crowdfunding projects may utilise crowdfunding platforms that are integrated the sentinel chain undertaking fund-raising senc, which can used finance the third party local financing companies' business-activities. order for third party local financing companies (as borrowers from third parties) on-lend the unbanked, the third party local financing companies will need secure cheaper source borrowing. the ability use livestock collateral allows the third party local financing companies manage default risk, well enabling further secure borrowings from third party offshore lending companies third party offshore crowdfunding platforms using the proof-of-ownership the relevant livestock collateral. facilitate access such proof-of-ownership, the third party offshore crowdfunding platforms' crowdfunding projects can integrated with the sentinel chain raise senc, which can used finance the local financing companies' business-activities. connecting the unbanked the increased availability access the funds offered the third party offshore financial service providers third party crowdfunding platforms, sentinel chain will leveraging the economies scale, driving down the cost access digital financial services. facilitating community projects problem: while financial inclusion remains the objective the sentinel chain, the unbanked may disadvantaged their access basic infrastructure such electricity, road clean water. solution: senc can used local non-for-profit organisations receive donations from overseas donors and financing aids integrating their fundraising platforms the sentinel chain. function: senc can utilised third party local not-for-profit organisations medium exchange purchase lct that can used finance certain social inclusion activities such building schools and infrastructure. times natural disaster crisis where financial aid may not readily available, the sentinel chain network may used for quick and easy sources funding such third party local not-for-profit organisations. e-payments problem: the ability drive adoption electronic payments for financial inclusion depends the ubiquity and network effect crosspay blockchain users. solution: unlocking the value "dead capital" unbanked livestock and its usage for livestock insurance and livestock secured loans, the utility value crosspay blockchain can increased accelerate adoption electronic payments via crosspay mobile application. function: senc can utilised stakeholders medium exchange purchase lct that can used for electronic payments merchants who accept lct. increased adoption and utilisation revolutionize financial access, the project aims increase adoption and utilisation the sentinel chain international marketplace for cross-border financial services connecting local community blockchains offshore financial service providers. with increased adoption and utilisation livestock insurance conjunction with crosspay blockchain, other economic activities utilising the crosspay blockchain such livestock-collateralised loans, are likely increase well. this creates virtuous cycle which increases the network effect the sentinel chain. the number active users expected grow rapidly the early years the sentinel chain opens new markets, either expanding its own operation via licensing the software local entities. figure the diagram above shows the incentives motivating the senc ecosystem the sentinel chain token sale the sale details please refer the sentinel chain website for the details and latest updates the token sale details. token distribution schedule treasury and reserve fund early supporters private sale public sale founding team use funds currently anticipate that the net proceeds collected the public token sale will used follows: liquidity pool research development operations contingency marketing business development sentinel chain development legal finance liquidity pool: the funds for maintaining the pre-funding liquidity pool the crosspay blockchains and facilitate cross-border remittance the sentinel chain. research development: the funds for continued engagement blockchain application and research build integral ecosystem among the local communities. operations: the funds for facilitating alliances and collaboration with strategic partners and launch projects described appendix below. contingency: the funds will set aside for any unexpected project overruns. marketing business development: the funds will used for marketing the sentinel chain model different jurisdictions. this will include online and offline marketing activities, signing partnership relations with various business partners and signing agreements with potential partners from the livestock industry. sentinel chain development: paramount continue with the development the current technological infrastructure sentinel chain. the funds will used expand the talent pool developers build the various local community blockchains and improve the crosspay user experience. legal finance: dentons, rodyk davidson llp has been appointed advise infocorp technologies legal, regulatory and compliance matters. the token group will develop strong in-house legal team navigate the legal landscape during project development and implementation. crowe howarth international has been appointed advise tax and audit matters. robust inhouse finance team will created manage the treasury and accounting functions line with the global best practices. the expected breakdown may altered based the outcome the token sale and project progress. foundation structure infocorp technologies, infocorp foundation and infocorp agtech have entered into tripartite agreement create and distribute and the total sentinel chain tokens respectively. all three entities will ensure that the sentinel chain tokens are distributed accordance the agreement. the foundation will direct the following council and teams with the following functions: governance council the infocorp foundation council ("council") will: govern and supervise the issuance the sentinel tokens and the use the treasury fund which contains the issuance sentinel tokens promote the safety and harmony the sentinel ecosystem through the adoption best practice governance principles direct that the proceeds raised from the distribution sentinel chain tokens infocorp agtech used within the governance guidelines infocorp agtech (explained further below). oversee the corporate activities that will provide better access financial products the underserved and unbanked the target markets monitor the delivery the objectives set out the token sale all council members have appointment term years beginning from december the foundation wishes announce that december the council members had given irrevocable undertaking the foundation that consideration for council members will locked for years from the date distribution the public token sale. infocorp agtech infocorp agtech wholly-owned subsidiary the foundation and responsible for the successful development and operation the sentinel chain. infocorp agtech will have the following functions: senc token issuance connection with the private token sale and the public token sale direction and supervision the development and maintenance sentinel chain fund activities that will enable the underserved and unbanked target markets have better and more affordable access financial products management the management team will responsible for: legal and financial management. supervision the grant management process, covering application management, financial tracking and reporting, and operational delivery and reporting. publishing report the delivery the objectives set out the token sale every quarter. providing reports regular basis the council. infocorp technologies infocorp technologies the vendor engaged infocorp agtech develop and provide the technology, support and maintenance for the development the sentinel chain project. infocorp technologies will share its technology expertise with the foundation and infocorp agtech co-issue the sentinel tokens the same time. infocorp technologies has appointed dentons rodyk davidson llp advise legal, regulatory and compliance matters. infocorp technologies has appointed crowe horwath international its financial auditor. execution and roadmap the sentinel chain project was launched the token group has already achieved several project milestones, illustrated the roadmap below. november the project was announced the public. below have detailed the milestones that are the building blocks the sentinel chain project. early supporters sale signed mou with maybank collaborate financial inclusion technology projects the asean region crosspay blockchain trial with group for migrant workers dormitory singapore signed mou for crosspay partnership with cloudwell ltd. the national payment provider milk vita (bangladesh milk producer's co-operative union ltd) january pre-sale begins february token sale whitelist registration pre-sale ends march public token sale senc listed and traded various token exchanges beta testing sentinel chain crosspay will live the first unbanked market sentinel chain code review and audit sentinel chain will live onboarding the first financial service provider partner integration sentinel chain crosspay integration financial service provider sentinel chain end-to-end testing sentinel chain sentinel chain will live conclusion "the test our progress not whether add more the abundance those who have much; whether provide enough for those who have too little." franklin roosevelt have presented the sentinel chain model, which will create the world's first global marketplace for financial inclusion services accepting the use livestock collateral. this paper explains the hidden economic potential the smallholder farmers which the main problem hindering the recognition livestock financial asset the very characteristic livestock that each individual livestock unique. consequently, there lack transparency and liquidity, the one hand, livestock change ownership via private cash transactions. the other hand, there multibillion dollar untapped market. once the sentinel chain implemented, this market will start growing rapidly. the sentinel chain was built with the specific purpose creating cross-border financial infrastructure connecting the previously isolated unbanked global network financial providers. our solution, described this paper takes unique approach unlocking the economic potential the unbanked establishing livestock provenance through the creation livestock insurance blockchain. turning the "dead capital" into verified asset, this new system could unanimous source connected information, secure and incorruptible, allow for the integration the unbanked into the global financial economy. the sentinel chain has not only created new class financial inclusion solution but has also set the stage extend the platform use cases beyond financial inclusion. livestock provenance data helps quality-control measure for disease control. the same provenance-powered data also enables the traceability food origin and the verification the organic food supply source. unlocking the economic capital the unbanked, the sentinel chain unlocks new opportunities and benefits for the banked thus empowering the wellbeing people, animals and communities. join today our mission redefine inclusive finance. references sarah lowder, jakob skoet, terri raney: the number, size, and distribution farms, smallholder farms, and family farms worldwide, food and agriculture world census agriculture and undesa rural population data (june hernando soto, the mystery capital, oxford business group, interview with thadoe hein, managing director, myanmar awba group (accessed november galvmed, value livestock, url: https://www.galvmed.org/livestockand-diseases/value-of-livestock/ (accessed december jeremiah grossman, michael tarazi: serving smallholder farmers: recent developments digital finance, fao statistical pocketbook world food and agriculture, food and agriculture organization the united nations, appendix tamper-proof livestock identity tag the rfid-enabled livestock identity tag (livestock tag) tamper-proof and theft-proof both material design well data level. livestock identity tagging system components the livestock identity tags consist "male-female" tag combination: the female tag component the female tag component disc embedded with iso- compliant nfc chip that can interact with nfc-enabled smart phone. the male tag component the male component, also known the backing disc, joins the female tag component together through the ear the livestock. the tag has been designed for "single-use" and cannot removed without being destroyed. the durable material made hardened rubber compared the mainstream plastic. the event that the tag has been forcibly removed, the information which resides the tag will invalidated, thus rendering the tag useless. tag applicator the applicator comprises bluetooth smart sensor which houses the repository for the data and authenticity the livestock. plunger the plunger the manual activation tool that will trigger the transmission once both discs are bound together the livestock's ear. livestock identity tagging process the stages tagging the livestock are: stage stock/origin stage. raw tags are received from the factory separate component packages. stage initialization stage. data pertaining the insured livestock are stored into the chip. for example: tag id, the name the insurance company, date issuance, etc. stage application stage. both male and female discs are tagged unto the ear the insured livestock using the applicator. stage confirmation stage. tags with the stored data are then writeprotected with the geolocation and time stamp information the crosspay blockchain for "read-only" traceability. appendix crosspay mobile the crosspay mobile application (android) mobile financial delivery mechanism for use with the crosspay blockchain. also designed mobile wallet that provides the unbanked with quick access their balances and allows for transactions with other users and merchants. multi-mode authentication. its ease use can adopted different unbanked users. authentication threshold can set with pre-determined amount. for example: us$ daily pre-determined allowance proximity mobile payments with codes and near field communication (nfc) instead using traditional credit/debit card escrow payment mechanism which can used provide electronic cashon-delivery (cod) payments replace physical cash payments for the delivery goods within local community. identity validation. from data perspective, livestock identification tag stores the geolocation and time stamp information the crosspay blockchain. immutability and non-repudiation ensures the authenticity and secure traceability certifications, i.e. digital 'passport' that proves its existence and ownership identified entity and origin. this forms important security aspect the transaction. asset tokenization. converting the rights asset into digital token the crosspay blockchain, the unbanked able turn their real world asset(s) into securitized asset. for example, unbanked may collateralize his livestock digitalizing the livestock's ownership and value onto the blockchain network, which multi-signed interested parties. document tracking. the application designed track and validate the authenticity documents stored the crosspay blockchain. provenance. the application enables the creation unique ids tagged the physical assets and tracking them via the private key controlled within the mobile device. appendix crosspay blockchain design agricultural-financial ecosystem can only created bringing together various stakeholders onto blockchain backend which includes unbanked farmers, livestock insurance companies and micro-financing institutions (mfis). blockchain contains unique properties that makes desirable technology used tamper-proof data storage for the tracking livestock ownership well forgery-proof distributed accounting system for the delivery unbanked financial services. immutability. immutability refers the ability prevent any changes data that has already been created and core feature most blockchain technologies. resiliency. the decentralized nature blockchain removes the single-point-offailure risks associated with centralized systems providing the redundancy and security provided multiple nodes the blockchain. non-repudiation. non-repudiation refers the guarantee that action performed the system can proven performed by, and only by, certain individual. this key aspect prevent forgery. auditability. because every transaction the blockchain tracked since the creation the system, and given that data immutable and non-repudiating, therefore information the blockchain highly auditable with high degree authenticity. low capital outlay. all the above features can implemented using centralized infrastructure. however, these features will require high upfront investment cost and sophisticated enterprise grade infrastructure and services which makes the provision low-cost financial inclusion solutions unsustainable the long run. local unbanked community, unlike the general public internet, operates with inherent level trust. instead fully trustless public blockchain model, semitrusted blockchain model utilizing private blockchain platform compatible and desirable this scenario for the local community use case. the use private blockchain can also avoid the volatility risk associated with the public blockchain uncertainty over transaction fees. transaction privacy kept within the private blockchain, also easier for regulatory acceptance. the crosspay blockchain designed address lightweight financial applications and extension the open source multichain which bitcoin core fork designed low-latency, private blockchain platform that supports permission management and native digital asset. what blockchain? the invention the bitcoin protocol has brought about new opportunities for inventing new ways solving the financial inclusion problem. bitcoin was made famous because its ability address the double-spending problem electronic cash payment system. unlike physical cash, digital information can replicated and processed indefinitely, similar making copy email and sending multiple parties. the key limitation digital payment systems, which traditionally use neutral trusted third party maintain the record the payers' and payees' balance and transactions centralized database. the key innovation that has risen from the invention bitcoin lies its ability prevent the double-spend issue without the need for centralized trusted third party. this result decentralized peer-to-peer global payment system that has proven its resiliency security breaches for close decade. blockchain refers one the underlying technologies used the implementation bitcoin. https://www.multichain.com/download/multichain-white-paper.pdf https://www.multichain.com/blog///multichain--beta--roadmap/ atomic asset exchange transactions within crosspay blockchain are commonly facilitated atomic asset exchange without the need for centralized trusted authority. computer science terminology, atomic basically refers group operations that either succeed fail its entirety. this analogous delivery-vs-payment, financial industry term. for instance, alice can atomically exchange asset called "abc" with bob return for local crosspay token called "lct". described the diagrams below, the exchange constructed blockchain transaction both parties and submitted the blockchain for confirmation. the success this exchange depends the match asset types and quantities provided both parties. alice pays lct bob utxo (lct) unlock: lct alice signature bob collects lct from alice lock: lct alice public key out lock: lct bob public key utxo (lct) utxo (lct) unlock: lct alice signature out lock: lct alice public key lock: lct bob public key unlock: lct bob signature payment protocol payment collections protocol similar bip can implemented using the atomic exchange payment request and lct. the payment request implemented with payment details containing the merchant's identity, and contains the pki certificate and digital signature along with payment receipt information. this information stored meta-data the blockchain and associated with the completed transaction part the atomic asset exchange. merchant issues payment request utxo (req) unlock: req merchant signature lock: lct out merchant pubkeyhash lock: req buyer pays merchant utxo (req) utxo (lct) unlock: req merchant signature unlock: lct buyer signature out lock: lct merchant pubkeyhash lock: req buyer pubkeyhash identity management know-your-customer (kyc) the identity information, such merchant's identity, maintained two levels public identity information and private identity information, based the web-of-trust design. public identity information maintained sentinel chain and stored digital signature certificates with the owner's crosspay blockchain address. private identity information maintained crosspay blockchains hash the identity attributes such date birth are encrypted and stored along with the verifier's signature such local financing companies. these attributes are stored off-chain for security purpose. the identity owner can selectively provide verified identity attribute third party upon request, such for kyc purposes. https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-.mediawiki livestock insurance process the livestock record registration process includes functions: for the livestock insurance company record its issuance the livestock tag the blockchain. for the livestock insurance company attest the identity the unbanked farmer who registered use its service. for the unbanked farmer apply the livestock tag onto the cow and record the ownership, timestamp and geolocation information onto the blockchain proofof-ownership. the livestock insurance purchase process serves the following functions: for the livestock insurance company verify the existence and health the livestock and issue insurance policy that tied the livestock, linked the livestock tag. for the unbanked farmer digitally acknowledge the insurance policy and provide proof insurance ownership via the blockchain. livestock collateralised loan the livestock collateralised loan application process serves the following function: for the lender verify the true ownership and insurance protection belonging the unbanked livestock. for the lender verify the identity the borrower that also attested the insurance company prevent loan fraud via forged identity. for the unbanked prove its identity, ownership the livestock asset well ownership insurance policy from verified livestock insurance company. e-payment the loan agreement can used the local lender offer loans the unbanked users the alternative, offer lct loan the unbanked spend within the local ecosystem with merchants who accept lct form payment. e-payment merchant claim for cash. lender lender lends lct farmer. lender settles with merchant. crosspay farmer crosspay farmer pay with lct. merchant transaction published blockchain. crosspay blockchain balance incentives the ecosystem maintained balancing the incentives between unbanked, insurance company and lender. the farmer needs to: provide farmer's true identity order make livestock insurance claim. use the livestock insurance proof-of-ownership increase the chance collateralising the livestock for cheaper loans. the insurance company needs to: ensure that the livestock real and fit insured. ensure that the identity the livestock matches that stated the insurance policy the event insurance claim. the lender needs to: ensure that the livestock real and fit insured. ensure that the farmer the true owner the livestock. ensure that the livestock has not been collateralised for other loans. lend lower interest rate when the livestock has been authenticated and insured insurance company. result, livestock owners has higher incentive provide accurate data regarding their identity well the ownership the livestock. the livestock insurance data stored the blockchain further protected community lenders that has incentive collude with the insurance company attack the blockchain. there may incentive for the unbanked farmer collude with the livestock insurance agent defraud the lender. this can happen the rogue agent were issue tag for nonexistence livestock for the unbanked collateralise for loan. but since the tag cannot removed without destroying the chip containing the livestock address, therefore physical inspection the lender before approving the loan can used verify the claim. appendix sentinel chain design the "sentinel chain" implemented consortium blockchain that operates with decentralised governance. each consortium member represented cluster nodes the sentinel chain known the sentinel nodes. this decentralized governance model requires that consortium members' approval are required for the addition new consortium member. cross-chain interoperability there are generally three types techniques chain interoperability. centralised, multisignature ("multisig") notary scheme, whereby group parties agree carry out action chain when some event chain takes place. for instance, interledger follows such model. sidechains, relays, are able validate events external chain part local event validation hash-locking utilizes events different chains which are unlocked single shared value. however, most these techniques are often discussed under the context public blockchain ecosystem where fully untrusted environment involved and restrictions permissions and memberships. the use private blockchains introduces centralization and new complexities. considerations must given the different permissions granted the connecting nodes their respective blockchains well the type assets that are allowed participate cross-chain transactions. cross-chain atomic swap the design sentinel chain cross-chain fundamentally based the algorithm proposed tier nolan facilitate peer-to-peer trade exchange, commonly known cross-chain atomic swap. this technique has inspired and was adopted various other blockchain protocols such lightning networks, raiden and others. for this work, the hash function used between the two interacting chains must utilize same hashing formula order for the secret shared, multisignature support. illustrate how this works conceptually, assume both alice and bob have wallet blockchain and blockchain and wish exchange asset lct.a and lct.b. alice wish swap lct.a for lct.b with bob. alice must broadcast transaction for sending lct.a bob's wallet address blockchain locked with hash bob's secret that only bob will know. bob broadcast transaction sending lct.b alice blockchain (the same hash function) locked with the same hash. order receive lct.a blockchain bob must unlock lct.a broadcasting transaction that contains the secret onto blockchain therefore revealing the secret alice. alice can therefore unlock the lct.b being sent her using bob's revealed secret blockchain chain interoperability, vitalik buterin, sep protocol for interledger payments, stefan thomas evan schwartz enabling blockchain innovations with pegged sidechains https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/atomic_cross-chain_trading blockchain step alice spends lct.b from wallet blockchain using the key revealed bob step secret blockchain alice's wallet lct.b step bob sends lct.b alice's wallet blockchain that can only unlocked using bob's secret. hash(secret) hash(secret) step alice sends lct.a bob's wallet blockchain that can only unlocked using bob's secret. alice's wallet lct.a bob's wallet bob's wallet secret step bob spends the lct.a from his wallet blockchain revealing the secret. this approach can supplemented additional time-locked transactions that can broadcasted for refunded both parties the event that the exchange does not take place within limited amount time. sentinel chain cross-chain design sentinel chain adapted this technique for use with permissioned nodes called the sentinel node that contains address both the interacting blockchains. since the actual implementation the sentinel chain ecosystem involves types blockchains varying levels trust crosspay blockchains, sentinel chain and the public ethereum network, the design for cross-chain interoperability features must strike balance between practicality and security. illustrate how the cross-chain interoperability can implemented for the sentinel chain ecosystem, the following example assumes overseas lender the public ethereum network transferring senc tokens local financing company converted into local crosspay token (lct) for use the crosspay blockchain. step from ethereum sentinel chain. offshore lender performs atomic cross-chain swap using senc erc tokens from its ethereum wallet sentinel node's ethereum wallet. sentinel node sentinel chain performs atomic crosschain swap using senc.usd offshore lender's sentinel chain wallet. senc.usd represents the usd equivalent value senc that resides internally within sentinel chain only. this assumes the usd senc currency exchange rate known and agreed upon prior the transfer and that the sentinel node has sufficient balance senc.usd complete the swap. senc.usd sentinel chain ethereum offshore lender offshore lender sentinel node sentinel node sentinel wallet sentinel wallet senc step from within sentinel chain. offshore lender performs atomic exchange using senc.usd for iou.usd from local lender the sentinel chain. local lender issues iou.usd and performs atomic exchange with offshore lender the sentinel chain return for senc.usd. this assumes the iou includes relevant terms related interest rates and that the offshore lender has sufficient balance its senc.usd wallet complete the exchange. local lender offshore lender senc.usd sen.usd wallet sen.usd wallet iou.usd step from within sentinel chain. local lender performs another atomic exchange between senc.usd with senc.xxx (where xxx represents local currency) with liquidity provider residing within sentinel chain. the role liquidity provider currently performed infocorp using pre-funded liquidity pool fiat currencies raised via the senc token sale and held multicurrency account with infocorp's settlement bank. sentinel chain local lender senc.xxx liquidity provider sen.xxx wallet sen.usd wallet senc.usd step from sentinel chain crosspay blockchain. local lender performs atomic cross-chain swap using senc.xxx from its sentinel chain wallet sentinel node's sentinel chain wallet. sentinel node sentinel chain performs atomic cross-chain swap using lct.xxx local lender's crosspay blockchain wallet. senc.usd represents the usd equivalent value senc that resides internally within sentinel chain only. this assumes that the sentinel node has sufficient balance lct.usd complete the swap. crosspay blockchain sentinel chain local lender local lender senc.xxx lct.xxx sentinel node sentinel node sentinel wallet sentinel wallet [this the end the document]