capital whitepaper the open protocol for decentralized apps the ethereum blockchain table contents introduction capital developer team our vision objectives project aspects capital token (sfcp) smart contract technology token details token distribution use proceeds business development plan roadmap appendix disclaimer |page introduction from usd march usd february this course, the price-value btc (bitcoin) dollars. bitcoin which started cryptocurrency, digital asset designed work medium exchange that uses cryptography control its creation and management, rather than relying central authorities. the bitcoin network came into existence with the release the first open source bitcoin client and the issuance the first bitcoins, with satoshi nakamoto mining the first block bitcoins ever (known the genesis block), which had reward bitcoins even when had significant price-value. lot investors and traders from numerous parts the world have since then, found profitable and comfortable participate the economy this currency. cryptocurrency, which started with the introduction bitcoin, has now led the presence over cryptobased coins the world. this technology (cryptography) which works with transparent ledger system, known blockchain has made its marketplace convenient one for everyone. blockchains have been revolutionary allowing anyone own and transfer assets across open financial network without the need for trusted third party. now that there are hundreds blockchain-based assets, and more being added every month, the need exchange these assets compounding. with the advent smart contracts, possible for two more parties exchange blockchain assets without the need for trusted third party. decentralized exchange important progression from the |page ecosystem centralized exchanges for few key reasons: decentralized exchanges can provide stronger security guarantees end users since there longer central party which can hacked, run away with customer funds subjected government regulations. hacks mt.gox, shapeshift and bitfinex have demonstrated that these types systemic risks are palpable. decentralized exchange will eliminate these risks allowing users transact trustlessly without middleman and placing the burden security onto individual users rather than onto single custodian. the two years that have passed since the ethereum blockchain's genesis block, numerous decentralized applications (dapps) have created ethereum smart contracts for peer-to-peer exchange. rapid iteration and lack best practices have left the blockchain scattered with proprietary and application-specific implementations. result, end users are exposed numerous smart contracts varying quality and security, with unique configuration processes and learning curves, all which implement the same functionality. this approach imposes unnecessary costs the network fragmenting end users according the particular dapps each user happens using, destroying valuable network effects around liquidity. |page capital developer team peter chung researcher working cryptocurrencies, smart contract security and distributed consensus algorithms. experienced building high performance multiplatform applications. peter believes the force the ethereum and blockchain technology. much his work revolves around community technologies. interested building high performance multiplatform source applications. project which the open embraces decentralization mining pools existing cryptocurrency. one ailment the cryptocurrency world over-technicality and confusing jargon. believe that blockchain technology can delivered larger user-base with simplicity, and less confusion. capital (sfcp) token striving one the leaders adoption digital currency for everyday use. intend simplify and bring the powerful peer-to-peer ledger system into the hands everyday people who will utilize for everyday transactions. |page johnny liang senior backend engineer and system administrator over years. experienced building high performance function for multi-platform applications. all johnny interested building higher performance applications. has been involved blockchain technologies and cryptocurrency development since early and lead engineer the crypto big project. johnny liang lead engineer co-founder nicky khun has spent over decade driving growth and awareness for both fortune companies and tech startups alike. one the best marketing and business developer advertising business industry. his results-oriented approach has earned him multiple industry awards. early and passionate adopter crypto, uses extensive marketing skill set maximize the reach and success capital. nicky khun business developer |page our vision one ailment the crypto-currency world over-technicality and confusing jargon. believe that blockchain technology can delivered larger user-base with simplicity, and less confusion. capital (sfcp) token striving one the leaders adoption digital currency for everyday use. intend simplify and bring the powerful peer-to-peer ledger system into the hands everyday people who will utilize for everyday transactions. our vision accomplish this put the community and the people first. regularly speak ourselves community currency and enjoy the simple comments and interactions new users blockchain technology. allow them dictate how should make things easier and more effective for their use. also are community run and desire set the framework open source system where this currency will perpetuate with the community control not large investor any larger centralized entity. desire for capital (sfcp) token remain and continue decentralized currency for the people. |page objectives e-commerce applications capital (sfcp) token looking make the cryptocurrency easily transferable and liquidable for purchasing power. are already talks with various companies that believe are spearheading the way forward integration with all major existing e-commerce online platforms. the current rates can low cents, this makes our solution strongly competitive with paypal stripe who charge .%+ for each transaction money. our goal have capital (sfcp) token available used small businesses and entrepreneur websites method payment donation transfer funds. technology upgrades capital (sfcp) token provide stable cryptocurrency that will trusted and adopted. are currently utilizing the ethereum blockchain have started erc token under their system. our circulation tokens million token with decimal point and our contract address is: xbcdacccefeacddbff the ethereum platform trusted and utilized very large companies and very forward thinking blockchain. have discussed amongst developers the need continue evaluate the long-term durability the eth blockchain and need start our own blockchain. so, have not closed the door this possibility depending the adoption rate capital (sfcp) token and it's scalability issues. |page educating users capital (sfcp) token very sensitive the need educate people blockchain technology simple user-friendly fashion. this objective close the heart the project putting people and their needs first ensuring adoption the technology easy and even fun. our platform open source and also spreads further education and forward thinking the blockchain technology, spurring innovation. world-wide community capital (sfcp) token has, since its foundation, been world-wide currency. developers from many countries, advisors, innovators and volunteers social media have been from varied parts the world. this has become part our dna cater the needs translation work and adoption blockchain technology countries all over the world. this another way that blockchain technology disrupting the financial sector that rewarding not only the rich but poor any part the world. are excited have team members joining from all walks life and social status part capital (sfcp) token. usability capital (sfcp) token will make blockchain technology less daunting for the end user and give people renewed confidence this pioneering way transferring funds through peer peer digital network. from our custom applications partnerships with like-minded teams, are seeking make this technology user-friendly possible. |page project aspects anonymity since the beginning capital (sfcp) token there has been desire from many the team members remain anonymous their contributions. this has helped the team focus the main project and ensure steady growth. see the same the original vision bitcoin, anonymity was also part its success. our goal results that are tangible user-interaction and adoption and not focus the developers behind the scenes. decentralized many erc tokens starting are used businesses that are centralized entities. the original vision blockchain technology operate way that peer peer and not part any centralized hub. the genius this technology that runs and works apart from the control any one individual. whether utilizing the eth blockchain starting our own, the goal will ensure decentralized model maintained. open source keeping with the spirit many projects the crypto world desire open source with everything that developed. from wallet apps any e-commerce applications. everything will open source released onto github after initial development this will allow for further innovation and for anyone take part improving capital (sfcp) token. large pre-mine are disseminating the currency way that will not allow for whales large investors certain extend own the currency the beginning. this gives equal fair share for investors all types. being token and not mineable currency are ensuring wide distribution varying amounts. community big focus the development strong and large community that active and helping dictate the future the capital (sfcp) token currency. see the value the currency its community and this will ensure the long-term durability development, innovation and use capital (sfcp) token. mass-adoption important aspect this project its outward focused goal mass adoption rate. innovation and improvement the blockchain technology important but not being used becomes just test-tube experiments but not applied real-life. believe its adoption large user-base even non-crypto minded people that the technology will have adapt and change and this will bring innovation otherwise not thought of. capital token (sfcp) smart contract technology smart contracts are central component next-generation blockchain platforms. the main goal smart contract enable two anonymous parties business with each other, usually over the internet, without the need for middleman. fast inexpensive easy and effortless payments whilst avoiding expensive costs blockchain transactions and data storage. reliable sustainable network capable delivering lighting fast transactions and the distribution important client data. using ethereum smart contracts, can deliver the above criteria. our ethereum-based contracts all comply with the erc standard, which has gained significant prominence among developers. more detailed info about the erc standard can found here. note: impossible corrupt censor smart contracts, because they are placed decentralized infrastructure. token details token name capital token symbol sfcp decimals platform ethereum token supply million sfcp total crowdsale million sfcp initial token price start usd duration july august soft cap million sfcp hard cap million sfcp funding goal million usd contract address xbcdacccefeacddbff token distribution token distribution will utilized follows: core phase tokens sale project team bonus fund tokens presale partners and advisors bounties tokens private sale use proceeds funds raised the crowdsale will utilized follows: branding and marketing gift code inventory infrastructure legal financial overhead bounty overhead business development plan capital (sfcp) token developed the backdrop erc token using ethereum blockchain. icos have paved the way for development new token and ethereum provides apt ecosystem it. are launching capital (sfcp) token with precise estimations the market and quite sure its success. our token only instrument for generate initial costing but will also prove great source earning for the investors. this perfect time for launching new token since have the best resources available and due the surge cryptocurrency market. have generated plentiful tokens for the investors and forecast significant amount yield. the technology capital (sfcp) token, its platform and all technical developments are subject changes the interpretation, application, marketing and anticipated timeline. not foresee any future problems setbacks arising although sudden changes can impact the launch, utility and/or value the coin and management reserves the right action such changes. changes can but not limited internal policies, personnel restructuring, coin distributions, technical developments the sfcp tokens and/or external factors outside our control. have focused accumulating profit-bearing means foraging the exchanges and avoided the replication devices. sfcp tokens with their low costing attributes and profound network exchanges very likely emerge market trailblazer. aim minimize the risks volatile market, making undulating and firm. notwithstanding the fact that, cryptocurrencies are regulated most the countries now, our accountability stand the investors the time crisis. there have been many markets launched lately the markets all with their different layouts and prospects. our objective clinch the apex the market and generate prolific outcome. aim beget new avenues and add more competition the market for overall beneficial environment. prospective and all-encompassing review the token has already been done the market experts. sfcp tokens coming out time when the market rise and people are eager find new avenues dabble new cryptocurrencies. the regulation following and adherence exchange mandates have coursed way for spearhead the project. thoroughly craftsmanship that see the modules our tokens. have not only tried and tested them, but also rated them through different exchange scales. the exchange indices and capping market have been raised point where they can't deflected from their course. have strategized input the resources that were way too scanty for other providers. also urge for the whole market stand out and demarcate the critical boundaries. the onus definitely save the traders from the perilous markets, our bearings have been laid out the most creative and transparent way that each investor will able see through the system. our aim set milestone for investors and exchanges. addition, the ability trade the coin internet exchanges may impacted third parties and their trading policies. new policies and regulations governing the use the sfcp coin and/or online exchanges may affect its value the ability for trade the market. roadmap march research web development business planning may launch whitepaper launch roadmap marketing june open token crowdsale make business opportunities july listing popular exchange such yobit, etherdelta, folkdelta and heroxchange listing other exchange listing coinmarketcap september apps wallet ios android target price usd listing top crypto exchange market december target price usd leading top crypto coinmarketcap research the next projects appendix erc token erc establishes standard contract abi for tokens the ethereum blockchain and has become the facto representation for all types digital assets. erc tokens share the same contract interface, simplifying integration with external contracts. core erc functions include: transfer(to, value) balanceof(owner) approve(spender, value) allowance(owner, spender) transferfrom(from, to, value) eip includes proposal change ether follow the erc token standard. for now, "wrapper" smart contract may used proxy for erc ether. for reference, see the maker implementation the gnosis implementation. contract abi eip proposes extension the contract abi support structs. this would allow the community establish standard order and signature data structures, simplifying our contract interface and integrations with external contracts. disclaimer disclaimer and statement forward-looking infromation the information presented this disclaimer contains "forward-looking statements" and "forward-looking information" with the reference applicable canadian securities legislation (referred herein forward-looking statements). besides the information historical fact, certain information contained herein constitutes forward-looking statements which includes but not limited statements related activities, occurrences and developments that capital (the "company") expects anticipates will may take place the future, statements regarding company's business strategy, objectives and goals, and management's assessment future plans and operations that are based current internal expectations, estimates, projections, assumptions and beliefs, which may proved incorrect. forward-looking information often recognized the use words such "may", "will", "could", "would", "anticipate", "believe", "expect", "intend", "potential", "estimate", "budget", "scheduled", "plans", "planned", "forecasts", "goals" and similar experiences. forward-looking information based number factors and assumptions made management and considered reasonable the time such information involves known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results, performance achievements materially different from those expressed implied the forward-looking information. this disclaimer and the material contained herein are confidential and not disclosed the public. this statement for information purposes only and may not reproduced distributed any other person published, whole part, for any purpose whatsoever. this presentation does not constitute general solicitation offer sell solicitation buy any securities the company any jurisdiction. such offer can only made prospectus other authorized offering document. this document and materials fact their distribution communication shall not form the basis of, relied connection with any contract, commitment investment decision whatsoever relation thereto. securities commission similar authority canada any other jurisdiction has any way passed upon the adequacy accuracy the information contained this document.