sgpay platform combines virtual and fiat currencies into seamless wallet experience. earn, spend and play with sgpay platform. sgpay token whitepaper www.sgpay.org updated january disclaimer nothing this whitepaper constitutes legal, financial, business tax advice and you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s) before engaging any activity connection herewith. neither blockchain capital pte. ltd. (the company), any the project team members who have worked the sgpay platform (as defined herein) project develop the sgpay platform any way whatsoever (the sgpay team), any distributor/vendor sgp (the distributor), nor any service provider shall liable for any kind direct indirect damage loss whatsoever which you may suffer connection with accessing this whitepaper, the website https://www.sgpay.org/ (the website) any other websites materials published the company. this whitepaper intended for general informational purposes only and does not constitute prospectus, offer document, offer securities, solicitation for investment, any offer sell any product, item asset (whether digital otherwise). the information herein below may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. there assurance the accuracy completeness such information and representation, warranty undertaking purported provided the accuracy completeness such information. where this whitepaper includes information that has been obtained from third party sources, the company and/or the sgpay team have not independently verified the accuracy completion such information. further, you acknowledge that circumstances may change and that this whitepaper may become outdated result; and the company under obligation update correct this document connection therewith. this whitepaper does not constitute any offer the company, the distributor the sgpay team sell any sgp (as defined herein) nor shall any part nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. nothing contained this whitepaper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance the sgpay platform. the agreement between the distributor and you, relation any sale and purchase sgp governed only the separate terms and conditions such agreement. accessing this whitepaper any part thereof, you represent and warrant the company, its affiliates, and the sgpay team follows: (a) any decision purchase any sgp, you have not relied any statement set out this whitepaper; (b) you will and shall your own expense ensure compliance with all laws, regulatory requirements and restrictions applicable you (as the case may be); (c) you acknowledge, understand and agree that sgp may have value, there guarantee representation value liquidity for sgp, and sgp not for speculative investment; (d) none the company, its affiliates, and/or the sgpay team members shall responsible for liable for the value sgp, the transferability and/or liquidity sgp and/or the availability any market for sgp through third parties otherwise; and (e) you acknowledge, understand and agree that you are not eligible purchase any sgp you are citizen, national, resident (tax otherwise), domiciliary and/or green card holder geographic area country (i) where likely that the sale sgp would construed the sale security (howsoever named) investment product and/or (ii) which access participation the sgp token sale the sgpay platform prohibited applicable law, decree, regulation, treaty, administrative act, and/or (including without limitation the united states america, canada, new zealand, people's republic china and the republic korea). all contributions will applied towards the company's objects, including without limitation advancing, promoting the research, design and development of, and advocacy for wallet application with wide ranging applications incorporating disruptive partners and virtual currencies, bringing competent innovative solutions the use cryptocurrency for payments. the company, the distributor and the sgpay team not and not purport make, and hereby disclaims, all representations, warranties undertaking any entity person (including without limitation warranties the accuracy, completeness, timeliness reliability the contents this whitepaper any other materials published the company). the maximum extent permitted law, the company, the distributor, their related entities and service providers shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including, without limitation, any liability arising from default negligence the part any them, any loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data) arising from the use this whitepaper any other materials published, its contents (including without limitation any errors omissions) otherwise arising connection with the same. prospective purchasers sgp should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties (including financial and legal risks and uncertainties) associated with the sgp token sale, the company, the distributor and the sgpay team. the information set out this whitepaper for community discussion only and not legally binding. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment relation the acquisition sgp, and virtual currency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper. the agreement for sale and purchase sgp and/or continued holding sgp shall governed separate set terms and conditions token purchase agreement (as the case may be) setting out the terms such purchase and/or continued holding sgp (the terms and conditions), which shall separately provided you made available the website. the event any inconsistencies between the terms and conditions and this whitepaper, the terms and conditions shall prevail. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. this only conceptual whitepaper describing the future development goals for the sgpay platform developed. this whitepaper may amended replaced from time time. there are obligations update this whitepaper provide recipients with access any information beyond what provided this whitepaper. all statements contained this whitepaper, statements made press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made the company, the distributor and/or the sgpay team may constitute forward-looking statements (including statements regarding intent, belief current expectations with respect market conditions, business strategy and plans, financial condition, specific provisions and risk management practices). you are cautioned not place undue reliance these forward-looking statements given that these statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results materially different from that described such forward-looking statements, and independent third party has reviewed the reasonableness any such statements assumptions. these forward-looking statements are applicable only the date this whitepaper and the company and the sgpay team expressly disclaims any responsibility (whether express implied) release any revisions these forward-looking statements reflect events after such date. the use any company and/or platform names trademarks herein (save for those which relate the company its affiliates) does not imply any affiliation with, endorsement by, any third party. references this whitepaper specific companies and platforms are for illustrative purposes only. this whitepaper may translated into language other than english and the event conflict ambiguity between the english language version and translated versions this whitepaper, the english language version shall prevail. you acknowledge that you have read and understood the english language version this whitepaper. part this whitepaper copied, reproduced, distributed disseminated any way without the prior written consent the company. table contents executive summary the big picture push towards e-payments singapore ready market perfect launchpad cryptocurrencies singapore confluence factors current competitors goal the sgpay platform sgpay platform-- creating generation wallet relative project valuations sgpay platform-- generation mobile wallet value proposition sgpay tokens token overview launch summary token properties features token and ecosystem roadmap sgpay team appendix executive summary the sgpay token will issued erc- standard compliant digital tokens the ethereum blockchain. the sgpay token (or sgp short) built utility token used the sgpay platform. envisioned adopted the technology partners the sgpay team and other affiliated merchants. sgp built the ethereum blockchain because this brings advantages such decentralisation, security, transparency and lower transaction costs. ethereum also the preferred blockchain network many large corporations such microsoft and ubs who are part the enterprise ethereum alliance. the sgpay platform generation e-wallet and e-payment mobile application that allows users buy and sell virtual currencies, make purchases using both virtual currencies and fiat currencies (the sgpay platform). the objective the sgpay team make the sgpay platform the leading e-wallet and e-payments mobile application for everyone living singapore and the region. customers are envisaged able pay for their groceries, purchase movie tickets, book flights and more with the usage the sgpay platform. they will also able select their preferred modes payment, either fiat currencies virtual currencies selected merchants. singapore makes good launch pad for the development and execution the functionalities the sgpay platform. many payment providers have ignored singapore potential market due its relatively small market size. however, they have failed recognise the capacity singapore quickly adopt innovative technology due its highly educated workforce well tech savvy population. singapore also leading financial centre asia with one the highest gdp per capita the world. the singapore government has recently advocated national push towards e-payments which projected increase the chances investments and acquisitions occurring this sector relative other sectors. after establishing the sgpay platform singapore, the focus will shifted nearby overseas markets such malaysia and indonesia. indonesia the most populous country the world and the south east asia region poised see tremendous growth. e-commerce and e-payments are also growing increasing rate the region, posing great opportunity for fintech firms. encourage further adoption the sgpay platform, additional business platforms will developed support the usage sgp. these include sgreward that will tie with the sgpay platform offer monetised incentive points well sgfund that intended help financially support the expansion small and medium enterprises (smes). the big picture push towards e-payments singapore singapore has the "right ingredients" smart nation, but lags behind other cities certain areas such electronic payments, said prime minister lee hsien loong. the above statement highlights the unified push the country towards e-payments which projected open more opportunities for new payment platforms flourish. payment systems which integrate new technologies and trends such virtual currencies have much larger chance offering unique value proposition versus the current market incumbents. code payments are also being brought into the limelight. newly formed payments council, set look into ways advance e-payments singapore, has created task force specifically develop common code for singapore (sgqr) that could used for e-payments island wide the task force aims introduce standardised code system that can used any payment application that confusion can avoided among consumers. the monetary authority singapore (mas) has advocated fiercely for true 'cashless society' though the above measures. ready market perfect launchpad electronic payment mobile payment source: world bank, the chart above highlights the trend mobile payments singapore which already holds substantial lead over other regional markets. though small size, the population singapore has shown much higher readiness embrace new trends both mobile and electronic payments compared neighbouring countries such malaysia, philippines, thailand and vietnam. this due the mature technology field here well the fact that every singaporean owns handheld devices number that includes mobile phones). the market has ready audience but has not found true integrated payments platform that leverages trends that have found more mature foothold worldwide. these include payments code highlighted above, addition integrated services straight the platform. this trend highlighted the dual success alipay china and paytm india. these platforms have become giants their own right and currently offer much more than the basic payments functionality. alipay for example, offers insurance, payment utilities bills, purchase movie tickets, and has its own shopping mall all within the same application. the view these developments, can said that the current payments infrastructure and ambitions the current singaporean market leaders are severely lacking. cryptocurrencies singapore singapore has rapidly emerged preferred hub for cryptocurrencies. its fintechfriendly status, government grants and accommodative stand towards initial coin offerings (ico) has made favourite for fintech firms coming into singapore. mas also taking accommodative approach under which current compliance and securities laws still apply while considering specialised regulations for future implementation. the cryptocurrency community singapore also quite active and this leads emerging market for providers services related blockchain technologies. however, the market not mature yet and many providers are also concentrating overseas markets (similar the situation the e-payments market). there exists opportunity normalise, dominate and create unique selling proposition (usp) for this project succeed based the current environment. confluence factors this drive build 'rd generation' wallet highlighted the factors above: the push the government towards e-payments and 'cashless' society will provide much needed common infrastructure and support the sgpay platform. the lack current payments platform that matches comes close the success alipay china and paytm india. the regulatory friendly approach mas towards cryptocurrencies singapore which will help general level acceptance and the adoption drive for the sgpay platform. current competitors nets electronic transaction value (in billions sgd) netspay the incumbent leader the payments field slowly embracing the culture cashless integrated payments. their strength their wide point sales (pos) legacy system that currently number over merchant outlets. their application also allows users receive special offers from merchants. see above for chart how big mobile payments are singapore. dbs paylah bank payments application the development bank singapore (dbs) that allows users perform fund transfers via mobile phone number. they application also allows users perform and request funds transfers, pay bills and donate money. however, similar netspay lacks wider integration services that will make much more useful consumers. coinhako the most popular local cryptocurrency wallet that allows users transfer fiat funds for the purchase bitcoin and ethereum. however, the wallet suffers from high prices relative the rest the market, multiple downtimes well lack mobile application. the sgpay team aims put the sgpay platform the hands everyone and this plays well from consumer merchant angle. all merchants are consumers some way but not all consumers are merchants, the sgpay team believes important foster customer integration much more than merchant integration. moreover, merchant integration can fostered more easily once the sgpay platform have large user base. the current focus payment solution providers providing point-of-sale (pos) systems merchants creating very saturated market that provides consumers confusing array competing solutions the payment point. believed that the future merchant integration lies the same application that consumers will using their wallet platform on. such integration would also mean codes will have important role play. blockchain capital pte. ltd. and its partners will pursue primarily mobile strategy order develop assets that can cater well the needs the market. goal the sgpay platform sgpay platform-- creating generation wallet the e-payments field has great promise the e-payments industry holds great promise for firms who are able secure solid foothold the market. cue the valuation case for payments which was recently acquired for us$ million (s$ million) the sector itself holds great promise the next milestone for the industry would generation wallet platform that hosts payments, cryptocurrency transactions well integrated services. even market player that the industry would still generate substantial interest from prospective buyers and collaborators. this due the current underdeveloped payments industry singapore. the sgpay platform aims build strong unique selling proposition (usp) through its integrated services and through partnerships with both technological innovators and traditional firms. potential partnerships with least one the local banks currently being explored. from the perspective the sgpay team, believed that traditional money still has place beside virtual currencies and partnership would provide much more value consumers general. the integration traditional market sectors such insurance, general retail, transport, travel and recreational industries the sgpay platform projected generate much more support and potential revenue compared outdated payment models. this brings next the relative valuations blockchain projects singapore. relative project valuations singapore has been hotbed blockchain projects due regulatory friendly environment. the following non-exhaustive list projects, the current market price all issued tokens, well short summary. the tickers for each respective project will listed beside their name. all figures are accurate december and will change depending market conditions. digixdao [dgd] us$m worth issued tokens gold-backed token built the ethereum blockchain. dgx represents store value the blockchain and their token event took place raising us$. million. tenx [pay] us$m worth issued tokens tenx built partnership with credit card companies put cryptocurrencies your card. this done through liquidity providers which handles multiple assets offline. tenx conducted their token event june and managed raise us$ million. kyber network [knc] us$m worth issued tokens kyber network new system that on-chain and allows the easy conversion and exchange digital assets. this mitigates users risk when trading cryptocurrencies. the sale kyber network crystals managed raise us$ million september sgpay token [sgp] us$m worth issued tokens sgp works the generation payment wallet the sgpay platform. the creation generation wallet aims integrate cryptocurrencies, epayments and other services the blockchain. sgpay platform-- generation mobile wallet sgpay logo value proposition problem the e-payments industry holds great promise for firms who are able secure solid foothold the market. cue the valuation case for payments which was recently acquired for us$ million (s$ million). the sector holds great promise the next milestone for the industry would generation wallet platform that hosts payments, cryptocurrency transactions well integrated services. even market player that the industry would still generate interest from prospective buyers and collaborators. this due the currently underdeveloped payments industry here. the sgpay platform aims build strong unique selling proposition (usp) through integrated services and through partnerships with both technological innovators and traditional firms. the sgpay team also exploring potential partnerships with least one the local banks. from the perspective the sgpay team, believed that traditional money still has place beside virtual currencies and partnership would provide much more value consumers general. the integration traditional sectors insurance, general retail, transport, travel and recreational industries the sgpay platform projected generate much more support and potential revenue compared outdated payment models. this brings next the relative valuations blockchain projects singapore. solution the introduction the sgpay platform and its tokens helps solve these problems and promote the growth virtual currencies singapore and asia. the ultimate beneficiaries this improvement would the early adopters cryptocurrency. firstly, the sgpay platform designed e-wallet that allows users buy and sell virtual currencies. has inbuilt incentive system that provides lower transaction fees users who hold more sgp. the sgpay platform will allow its users also make transactions using its tokens, and pay for value-added services the platform. secondly, the addition the sgpay platform into the payments ecosystem also provides users greater choice and diversity for payments singapore and asia. there lesser likelihood any one e-wallet gaining monopoly power and imposing unfavourable terms users. thirdly, the sgpay platform will advocate the use cryptocurrency for payments regionally. this creates more familiar environment for users who are already comfortable with using e-payment apps. now that cryptocurrencies are promoted and supported popular payments application, the use them projected increase correspondingly. the sgpay platform will marketed 'normal' payments platform that users the platform who are not familiar with cryptocurrencies will encouraged dip their toes it. this strategy projected enable the sgpay platform capture large portion the payments market that would not normally purchase cryptocurrencies. full feature set accessible from mobile devices both android and apple ios decentralised tokens the blockchain 'cold-storage' style wallet protects crypto-assets stored the sgpay platform support for transactions involving cryptocurrencies such sgp, bitcoin and ether support for deposit/withdrawal funds denominated singapore dollars apis built support merchant and user funds exchange full access for users over their private keys (platform will not store keys) support for debit and credit cards during the e-payment phase deep integration with industry leaders from the insurance, travel and other fields monetised incentive system built into the platform support for locally developed cryptocurrencies such kyber network crystals, zilliqa tokens and more. the full feature set the sgpay platform will developed stages. for more detailed look when each feature will implemented throughout the development phase please check out the roadmap the later part this whitepaper. the sgpay platform looking support tokens from other locally developed blockchain projects such digixdao, kyber network and zilliqa. this intended help make their tokens more liquid, accessible and also foster closer technical connections between the sgpay platform and their projects. project risks there exists great promise the e-payments and wallet fields that have been espoused the earlier parts the whitepaper. you acknowledge and agree that there are numerous risks associated with purchasing sgp, holding sgp, and using sgp for participation the sgpay platform. the worst scenario, this could lead the loss all part the sgp which had been purchased. banks recently, many wallet providers singapore have had their accounts closed without reason. banks have started push back against cryptocurrency wallet providers and providers other services closing their accounts they see them threat their version proper financial system. the sgpay team has identified several provisions fall-back plans the event the sgpay platform targeted. the very essence the project hybrid system (which integrates card payments, partnerships and cryptocurrencies) projected lessen the risk unfavourable treatment from the banks but the sgpay team not taking any chances. the sgpay platform also exploring partnership with least one the local banks. regulatory risk there chance that mas may impose new regulations current and new blockchain-based projects. the current stance mas now adopt 'wait-and-see' approach and let existing regulations handle current cryptocurrencies. mas itself has been experimenting with blockchain technology, most notably 'project ubin'. sgp has properties like utility token not likely subject existing securities regulations. spite all these developments, the sgpay team always the lookout for any potential changes mas stance cryptocurrencies. the regulatory status sgp and distributed ledger technology unclear unsettled many jurisdictions. the regulation virtual currencies has become primary target regulation all major countries the world. impossible predict how, when whether regulatory agencies may apply existing regulations create new regulations with respect such technology and its applications, including sgp and/or the sgpay platform. regulatory actions could negatively impact sgp and/or the sgpay platform various ways. the company (or its affiliates) may cease operations jurisdiction the event that regulatory actions, changes law regulation, make illegal operate such jurisdiction, commercially undesirable obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) operate such jurisdiction. licensing risk the sgpay team planning for the primary wallet platform not fall under any current regulations and/or requirements. however, there exists some licensing risk mas develops new regulations and/or safeguards with regards current wallets and service providers. failure develop there the risk that the development the sgpay platform will not executed implemented planned, for variety reasons, including without limitation the event decline the prices any digital asset, virtual currency sgp, unforeseen technical difficulties, and shortage development funds for activities. security weaknesses hackers other malicious groups organisations may attempt interfere with sgp and/or the sgpay platform variety ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks, denial service attacks, consensus-based attacks, sybil attacks, smurfing and spoofing. furthermore, there risk that third party member the company its affiliates may intentionally unintentionally introduce weaknesses into the core infrastructure sgp and/or the sgpay platform, which could negatively affect sgp and/or the sgpay platform. further, the future cryptography and security innovations are highly unpredictable and advances cryptography, technical advances (including without limitation development quantum computing), could present unknown risks sgp and/or the sgpay platform rendering ineffective the cryptographic consensus mechanism that underpins that blockchain protocol. other risks addition, the potential risks briefly mentioned above are not exhaustive and there are other risks (as more particularly set out the terms and conditions) associated with your purchase, holding and use sgp, including those that the company cannot anticipate. such risks may further materialise unanticipated variations combinations the aforementioned risks. you should conduct full due diligence the company, its affiliates and the sgpay team, well understand the overall framework, mission and vision for the sgpay platform prior purchasing sgp. sgpay tokens token overview the native digital cryptographically-secured utility token the sgpay platform, sgpay (sgp), major component the ecosystem the sgpay platform. sgp will issued erc- standard compliant digital tokens the ethereum blockchain, and designed used the sgpay platform, associated business platforms and partner merchant outlets. sgp holders enjoy lower transaction fees when buying selling virtual currencies the sgpay platform. the distributor sgp shall affiliate the company. sgp non-refundable functional utility token which will used the unit exchange between participants the sgpay platform. the goal introducing sgp provide convenient and secure mode payment and settlement between participants who interact within the ecosystem the sgpay platform. sgp does not any way represent any shareholding, participation, right, title, interest the company, its affiliates, any other company, enterprise undertaking, nor will sgp entitle token holders any promise fees, dividends, revenue, profits investment returns, and are not intended constitute securities singapore any relevant jurisdiction. sgp may only utilised the sgpay platform, and ownership sgp carries rights, express implied, other than the right use sgp means enable usage and interaction with the sgpay platform. sgp are designed consumed, and that the goal the sgp token sale. fact, the project develop the sgpay platform would fail all sgp holders simply held onto their sgp and did nothing with it. launch summary token name: sgpay token [sgp] total supply: million total public supply: million pre-contribution period: feb feb price token: us$. each for pre-contribution event, us$. each for main-contribution period main-contribution period: mar mar maximum supply issued tokens: us$ million minimum contribution: eth maximum contribution: eth accepted currencies: ether (eth) kyc/whitelisting: yes *for institutional and/or large contributors please contact directly hello@sgpay.org* the contributions the token sale will held the distributor (or its affiliate) after the token sale, and contributors will have economic legal right over beneficial interest these contributions the assets that entity after the token sale. the extent secondary market exchange for trading sgp does develop, would run and operated wholly independently the company, the distributor, the sale sgp and the sgpay platform. neither the company nor the distributor will create such secondary markets nor will either entity act exchange for sgp. particular, you understand and accept that sgp: (a) non-refundable and cannot exchanged for cash (or its equivalent value any other virtual currency) any payment obligation the company any affiliate; (b) does not represent confer the token holder any right any form with respect the company (or any its affiliates) its revenues assets, including without limitation any right receive future dividends, revenue, shares, ownership right stake, share security, any voting, distribution, redemption, liquidation, proprietary (including all forms intellectual property), other financial legal rights equivalent rights, intellectual property rights any other form participation relating the sgpay platform, the company, the distributor and/or their service providers; (c) not intended represent any rights under contract for differences under any other contract the purpose pretended purpose which secure profit avoid loss; (d) not intended representation money (including electronic money), security, commodity, bond, debt instrument any other kind financial instrument investment; (e) not loan the company any its affiliates, not intended represent debt owed the company any its affiliates, and there expectation profit; and (f) does not provide the token holder with any ownership other interest the company any its affiliates. token properties initial limited public supply fixed supply forever (no inflation) utility token the platform(s). sgp would have significant utility the usage and operation the sgpay platform, being used for payment for value-added services such those offered the partners the sgp platform, well entitle token holders obtain lower transactional fees. features token and ecosystem initial supply sgp us$,, relation fintech the company would first develop the wallet exploit gap the market. currently, there are wallet applications with wide ranging applications incorporating disruptive partners and virtual currencies. the sgpay platform aims exploit this gap going into development stages bring competent innovative solution the problem. each stage intended bring with potential new user base growth through aggressive marketing promotions. the more popular the sgpay platform becomes, the greater the usage sgp. there will limit the amount funds single person can contribute the public sale. the limit would set ether, which approximately us$, this date. this will prevent 'whales' from controlling the floating token circulation and allow more participants join the token sale. zero inflation. the sgp platform protocol would not allow further issuance sgp. dynamic pricing. the sgpay team has decided that order fair contributors during the distribution event, there will not strict exchange rate with eth determine the number tokens one receives the time one chooses contribute his/ her eth. if, the end the contribution event, the value eth more than what was when one first contributed, potentially higher amount sgp will distributed (at the discretion the distributor). the confirmed distribution amounts would processed the end the distribution period. roadmap the development the system sgpay platform already progress. following overview the project planning breakdown. with its expected completion may the launch the initial version the system planned occur jul creation team intensive adoption drive concept development launch e-payments function legal structure framework community marketing platform development support for more tokens blockchain development strategic partnerships phase phase phase phase confirm advisory board nfc, cc, integrations platform prototype api and sdk capabilities token sale merchant partnerships listing sgpay tokens exchanges launch e-wallet function phase prototype stage prototyping different various user interfaces optimising the best user experience for the application coding the wireframe for the platform seeking various liquidity partners for the platform defining prototype functionality establish prototype objectives goal: create seamless, secure, yet expansive prototype that has the ability add much more functionality into the platform future phase launch beta initial release version evaluate and refine prototype debugging and user-experience testing full systems development initiated full e-wallet functionality and support for currencies 'incentive' algorithm based sgp built-in goal: launch bug-free, excellent mobile application with e-wallet functionality built-in together with sufficient liquidity and transaction incentives based the amount sgp being held each customer phase addition payments functionality launch e-payments functionality support for debit/credit cards potential support for more locally developed tokens intensive adoption drive lay groundwork for creation apis for partner services goal: addition e-payments functionality such that the platform can reach out much bigger pool people and expedite the growth its user base phase partner services api partner with various technological providers enhance the use cases this product this will include insurance company tie-ups, mobile company tie-ups and partnerships with other big firms other sectors this aimed open whole new users for this wallet application and make truly all-in-one platform eventually, the sgpay platform projected evolve into all-in-one (aio) platform that will rival the functionalities alipay china and/or paytm india. sgpay team deng guangyuan ceo entrepreneur with over years experience various industries. managing director start-ups. john lim sufi yusof bryan lead strategic development founder unibly, technology startup, and former program manager for various start-up accelerators. lead business development founder various start-ups and business manager for both beamworks and asia coders. lead marketing development experienced entrepreneur with strong expertise digital marketing and customer relationship management. vishal maheshwari sumit rajput sanjeevi acharya lead platform development seasoned professional with more than years experience developing enterprise solutions for platforms. blockchain developer blockchain programmer with over years experience solidity coding. developer sanjeevi has deep experience helping platforms design more seamless interface and creating excellent user experience. rolf haudenschild christel quek adviser swiss qualified lawyer who currently runs his own compliance practice. strong legal and regulatory background. adviser co-founder bolt global and cmo zilliqa the next-generation high throughput blockchain platform adviser technologist heart who believes innovation the key success. has great experience setting entire engineering and product teams. farhan firdaus joelle pang jenna park adviser general manager agrivo. former coo for fdc dental group and representative singapore the european union (eu). adviser head regional business development sph digital and fastjobs asia. successfully exited several start-ups multi-million dollar valuations. adviser founder pulse studio which specialises technologies chatbots, statistics and data analysis. ankur maheshwari contact support email: hello@sgpay.org sgtoken whitepaper appendix appendix key terminology blockchain technology blockchain revolutionary technology that stores data series records termed blocks. these blocks utilise the power cryptographic technology for the purpose security. each block blockchain has the following three components: hash pointer hash function that allows mapping inconsistent data bit string implemented the blocks. this mathematical function makes impossible for hackers make any alterations the blockchain timestamp timestamp used keep track block creation time transaction data the overall data related transaction blockchain technology enables internet users transfer digital assets securely and safely with anyone and everyone. all the people the network are aware about the transaction but the security aspect prevents anyone from changing modifying the data. this creates decentralised system which convenient for almost all industry verticals including medical, government, enterprises, financial institutions etc. cryptocurrencies cryptocurrency, often termed crypto, digital asset which used currency people and organisations. they can purchased and managed individuals and organisations with the help private keys. digital private key allows access records encrypted transactions decentralised blockchain ledgers. blockchain ledger (series blocks functioning together) publicly accessible and immutable record transaction that needs consensus different network nodes order validate transactions. digital crypto asset finds its value the basis its supply and demand the organic market. due being easily transferable, digital assets hold flexibility and are treated equivalent physical currency terms exchange goods services. cryptocurrencies are proven more feasible form making payments because higher flexibility and therefore, are also being considered the future transactions globally. with the high demand and increasing value the markets, many fintech solutions are being developed order maintain this growth trajectory. appendix system workflows system flowcharts authentication module start user see login/signup screen splash screen direct log-in with touch user input name, mobile number sign-up log-in with mobile number touch login pin user input mobile number account already exist yes show error message enter otp resend otp account exist yes enter otp resend otp show error message show error message otp correct enter pin otp correct success message dashboard stop record fingerprint detailed description authentication module flowchart diagram: users attempt log into the system either via direct pin touch mobile number case already existing account, user validated and allowed proceed further unregistered users attempting perform transactions initiate the registration process upon successful registration, otp received the user validate the process once the user enters correct otp the system, success message generated, and the user navigated the functioning screen dashboard start user profile name, email, code notifications dashboard show balance all currencies with live updates transactions all, pay, sell, receive, add, exchange left menu settings, support, t&c, security detailed description dashboard module flowchart diagram: upon successful registration the system, users are redirected the dashboard main screen the system the main screen/dashboard will show balances all the approved currencies according their live updates dashboard will provide users with the options viewing profile, notifications, transactions along with these, the user can also access options like settings, support and security clicking left menu send pay transfer module start exchange bitcoin with ether dashboard show error message logged-in? show login/ signup screen enter the fiat tokens value ask for the fingerprint confirmation pin fingerprint pin matched show error message show error message sufficient fiat not available yes amount larger? yes enter otp resend otp show error message otp correct? success screen stop detailed description send/pay/transfer module flowchart diagram: the user chooses the option transfer from the dashboard order exchange money. (using exchange bitcoin with eth this example) user chooses the option exchanging bitcoin with eth the system redirects user next step entering fiat tokens the user logged the system case, the user not logged in, he/she will redirected the login screen for proceeding with the exchange, the system asks user enter pin scan their fingerprint upon successful validation, the system checks the balance for exchange sufficient not for insufficient balance, error message displayed and the balance enough and otp generated which upon entering the system allows the transaction take place receive currency module start exchange bitcoin with ether dashboard show error message show login/ signup screen logged-in? show public address code success screen stop detailed description receive module flowchart diagram: the user chooses the option transactions from the dashboard order receive money. user checks the balance type the received currency the system redirects user login screen the user not logged the system case logged user, the system displays the public address the code for the transaction once this completed, the user receives currency successfully add currency module start add fiat dashboard show error message logged-in? yes show login/ ask for the fingerprint authentication/enter pin signup screen show error message matched? user will enter amount add card details/other payment method details enter otp resend otp show error message otp correct? success screen stop detailed description add currency module flowchart diagram: the user chooses the option transactions (add fiat this case) from the dashboard order add currency their choice. the system redirects user login screen the user not logged the system case logged user, the system asks for user validation via fingerprint pin after successful authentication, the user provided the option entering amount the next step, the user enters card/payment details order add currency further, otp received the user; entering which, the operation successfully completed add currency module start add fiat dashboard show error message logged-in? enter the bitcoin value show login/ signup screen ask for the fingerprint confirmation pin fingerprint pin matched show error message yes amount larger? yes enter otp resend otp show error message otp correct? success screen stop detailed description sell cryptocurrencies module flowchart diagram: the user chooses the option transactions (sell bitcoin this case) from the dashboard order sell cryptocurrency the system redirects user login screen the user not logged the system case logged user, the system allows the user enter bitcoin value after entering the value, the system asks the user for confirmation via fingerprint pin upon successful validation, the system checks the amount entered larger not further, otp received the user; entering which, the operation successfully completed https://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/singapore/national-day-rally-singapore-togo-bigger-on-e-payments-with- http://www.straitstimes.com/business/banking/task-force-set-up-to-create-commonqr-code-for-e-payments-in-singapore https://www.techinasia.com/digital-payments-industry-heats-singapore-majorcompanies-jump-board https://www.cnet.com/news/singapore-has-the-highest-smartphone-adoption-in-the-worl http://www.businessinsider.com/alipay-is-setting-up-for-global-dominance--/?ir=t http://www.businesstimes.com.sg/technology/singapore-not-rushing-to-regulatecryptocurrencies-mas https://www.dealstreetasia.com/stories/sgx-listed-artivision-technologies-to-buyfintech-fi rm-mc-payment-/ http://www.businesstimes.com.sg/banking-finance/singapore-cryptocurrency-firmsfacing-bank-account-closures http://www.mas.gov.sg/news-and-publications/media-releases//mas-andabs-lea d-consortium-to-harness-blockchain-technology.aspx