shadowcash: zeroknowledge anonymous distributed ecash via traceable ring signatures rynomster and tecnovert http://www.shadow.cash sdcoin@sdcoin.co abstractwe introduce shadowcash, anonymous cryptographic transaction protocol: anonymous transactions are implemented using traceable ring signatures[], which utilise noninteractive zero knowledge proof[]. introduction believe privacy human right enshrined article the universal declaration human rights the united nations. transactions value are essential part our daily lives. such strive provide you with tools transact confidence[]. ecash systems, virtual currencies[], have become very common way transact due the many benefits they hold over traditional methods exchange. one the largest problems for virtual currencies preventing doublespending, where currency holder sends the same coins multiple recipients. bitcoin solves this problem using the blockchain, public record all transactions the system. viewing the blockchain, all participants the currency can see the current state the system the same time, thus the doublespending problem solved. however, adding the blockchain causes severe reduction the anonymity and privacy the participants the currency[]. the blockchain public, anyone can see the transactions and total holdings participants, unless suitable precautions are taken. overview this paper will present our anonymous cryptographic transaction protocol which utilises: dualkey stealth addresses, traceable ring signatures and noninteractive zero knowledge proofs. prove how our scheme introduces much higher level privacy and anonymity the network while still preserving the core principles trustless decentralization, unforgeability and doublespend prevention. will also present performance data our scheme which includes proof sizes, signature generation times and verification times. finally, will present planned future improvements the current scheme. present this paper first draft towards receiving peer review. decentralized ecash trustless ... our system functions the same core principles from which bitcoin was founded. there central authority bank mechanism that controls the flow transactions. furthermore, our scheme does not require the initial trusted parameter setup which present the zerocoin and zerocash scheme. unforgeability ... order transact anonymously, have introduced anonymous token[], which will refer shadow. shadow can minted, which will destroy sdc (shadowcash), and will output group shadow tokens totaling the same value (minus the transaction fee) the destroyed sdc. ... shadow tokens take the form outputs the shadowcash chain. shadow tokens are spendable only providing traceable ring signature prove ownership the token.. anonymity ... the ring signature consists the public key the token being spent, plus the public keys from other tokens the same value the token being spent. the nature ring signatures makes impossible discover which the member coins the ring signature being spent, and transactions are longer traceable. ... not possible determine which tokens have been spent, all tokens remain the blockchain spendable outputs available members ring signatures for other token spends. ... increase the pool outputs available for ring signatures, the sdc value broken into separate shadow tokens for each decimal place the total value. the tokens are further broken values and for example sdc would become tokens values and doublespend prevention ... the ring signature tags (keyimage) the spent shadow tokens are embedded the blockchain prevent double spends. each tag unique the shadow token, regardless the other members the ring signature. spending shadow there are two ways which shadow tokens can spent: they can sent shadow tokens redeemed sdc. when sent shadow tokens, new tokens are minted for the recipient the value the input shadow minus the transaction fee. when redeemed sdc, new sdc created the value the input shadow minus the transaction fee. both cases the input tokens become unspendable. the transaction fee for spending shadow greater than the fee for standard transactions. this cover the cost the extra activity required the network transmit, verify and store shadow transactions, which are larger and require more processing than standard transactions. order spend shadow, use ring signatures sign the transaction[][]. our scheme consists three functions, generateringsignature, generatekeyimage, verifyringsignature. for efficiency's sake, when spending shadow, get list all anonymous outputs the system, then remove coins that don't have enough same value outputs the system, then choose the smallest coin least number smallest coins that can cover the amount transaction fee. each shadow coin has its own private key, when spending shadow, each coin anonymous input, will need have its own ring signature generated, and will then have verified. generateringsignature executed the sender signer, when spending shadow. after executing generateringsignature, the ring signature will have verified. takes inputoutput reference the keyimage, the transaction hash, the ring size, the secret key offset, the secret key for signing the transaction, list public keys for all the coins outputs the ring signature and the ring signature, and hash the transaction which the signature included (preimage). generatekeyimage executed the receiver, when receiving shadow the key image revealed the network prevent token from being spent more than once. verifyringsignature executed each node, when connecting the inputs anonymous shadow transactions. preimage calculated for the transaction and verified against the ring signature. the public key each input token the transaction extracted and looked the blockchain ensure refers existing, valid token. the blockchain searched for the provided keyimage, one found the transaction considered doublespend attempt and denied. takes inputoutput reference the keyimage, the transaction hash, the ring size, the list public keys for all the coins outputs the ring signature and the ring signature. prover signing protocol sign message ... sign message with respect tag (issue, using the secretkey ski, proceed follows: compute h(l) and hxi using set '(l, and (ai )/i for all ji, compute aajg. notice that every (j, logh (sj)) the line defined logh(a)) and (i, xi), where logh(si). generate signature (cn, zn) (l, based (noninteractive) zeroknowledge proof knowledge for the relation derived from language i{(l, sn))| such that logg(yi') logh(si').}, where (s, ..., sn), follows: pick random wi-zq and set gwi, hwi pick random zj, cj-zq, and set gzjyicj, hzjsjcj for every ji. set ''(l, an, bn) where (a, ..., an) and (b, ..., bn). set sjicj(mod and cixi(mod q). return (cn, zn), where (c, ..., and zn(z, ..., zn), proof output (a, cn, zn) the signature (l, verifier ... verification protocol: verify signature (a, cn, zn) message with respect tag check the following: parse (issue, pkn) check ci, zizq and yig for all set (l) and '(l, and compute aaiig for all compute gziyici and hzisizi for all check that ''(l, an, bn) sinci (mod where (a, ... an) and (b, ..., bn) all the above checks are successfully completed, accept, otherwise reject. performance proof sizes the affine coordinates are bytes per ring member per coin value. store the public key keyimage, which bytes that leaves with bytes ring member input benchmarks the following benchmarks were done intel(r) core(tm) cpu .ghz with ram, using the average times out iterations: algorithm ring members average time average time ring member signing .ms verification .ms future work and improvements extending the "prf made public" paradigm bellare and goldwasser (bg), could have simple, general, and unified construction for unique ring signature. the signature scheme simply uses combination pseudorandom function (prf) and noninteractive zeroknowledge (nizk) proof system (where the prf key committed). using the unique ring signature framework would not only help explain prior constructions for linkable ring signatures and traceable ring signatures, but give refined constructions with simpler and more intuitive design and improved efficiency[]. ... unique ring signature model begin recalling the definition ring signature scheme (rk, rs, rv) that consists three algorithms: (l) the randomized user key generation algorithm takes input the security parameter and outputs public key and secret key sk. (sk, the probabilistic ring signing algorithm takes input user secret key sk, ring that set public keys (such that and message return signature with respect the ring (r, the deterministic ring verification algorithm takes input ring message and signature for return single bit the following correctness condition required: for any security parameter any integer any {(pki, ski)}n rk(l) (where now {pki}n any [n] and any holds that (r, rs(r, skim)) unique ring signature from the ddh assumption the random oracle model: setup (l) the setup algorithm takes input the security parameter and outputs multiplicative group prime order and randomly chosen generator also provides two hash functions outputs the public parameters (l, (l), pp). the key generation algorithm for user takes input the parameter and selects element and computes gxi outputs the public key pki (pp, yi) and the secret key ski (pp, xi) (sk, sign the message the ring (pk, ..., pkn) the signer with the secret key ski generates the signature the following way: for [n] and select cj, and compute gtjyjcj and (m||r)tj(h(m||r)xi)cj for select and compute gri and (m||r)ri let '(m, {aj, bj}n) sj=i/ cjmod and cixi mod return (r, h(m||r)xi, ..., cn, tn) (r, receiving the signature (r, the verification algorithm first parses (r, ..., cn, tn) and checks sncj '(m, {gtjyjcj, (m||r)tjrcj}n) conclusion this paper have presented our approach securing financial privacy through our combination unique ring signatures, stealth addresses and noninteractive zero knowledge proofs. we've shown how our approach achieves the highest level financial anonymity available the time publication without compromising the integrity the satoshi network's core principles: unforgeability, doublespend prevention and trustless decentralization. references nakamoto, "bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system" http://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf, "the universal declaration human rights" http://www.un.org/en/documents/udhr/index.shtml, reuters emily flitter, stella dawson, and mark hosenball, "u.s. let spy agencies scour americans' finances" http://www.reuters.com/article////usabanksspyingidindeeceh the wall street journal sionhan gorman, devlin barrett and jennifer valentinodevries, "cia's financial spying bags data americans" http://www.wsj.com/articles/sb, ronald rivest, adi shamir, and yael tauman "how leak secret" http://people.csail.mit.edu/rivest/pubs/rst.pdf, eiichiro fujisaki and koutarou suzuki, "traceable ring signature https://eprint.iacr.org//.pdf, nicolas van saberhagen, "cryptonote http://cryptonote.org/whitepaper.pdf, ian miers, christina garman, matthew green and aviel rubin, "zerocoin: anonymous distributed ecash from bitcoin" http://zerocoin.org/media/pdf/zerocoinoakland.pdf, matthew franklin and haibin zhang, framework for unique ring signatures", https://eprint.iacr.org//,