shadowtoken ico whitepaper aug shadow token ico token sale for the established and highly rated shadow era tcg shadowtoken shdw waves platform shining example what freemium game should be." toucharcade table contents about shadow era shadowtoken ico buying tokens token features board directors company structure past performance looking the future about shadow era tcg shadow era was the first full-scale trading card game mobile. features cross-platform multiplayer games between ios, android, pc, and mac. since its original release, shadow era has captured shadow era features cross-platform logins and mul- the minds card game fans highly balanced tiplayer battles, meaning your account stays with you and strategic game. now with different heroes matter what device you play on. across classes choose from, the deck building options are endless. and because the game bal- but perhaps the most enduring feature our large anced even the highest competitve levels, there's and active community. throughout the game's devel- always wide variety challenges available mul- opment, we've involved the community all aspects tiplayer games. from ideas design feedback. also regularly hire directly from the community, these are the the game features innovated dual resource sys- people that understand the game the best. tem. each turn, card can sacrificed generate transition community-driven development, resource used summon additional cards. it's often hope further pioneer this process create and challenge consider what card sacrifice! heroes refine the features that the community wants most. also generate shadow energy, used power effects that often have game-changing results. physical and digital besides the digital game, sucessful crowdfunding campaign allowed produce high-quality physical cards. manufactured the same company that produces all the top trading card games, this premium product even higher quality than most existing physical tcgs. also has some the best looking foil cards the industry! with the same rules the digital game, the physical version easy pick and learn. every physical booster pack also has redeem code for the digital game, for effective cross-promotions. shadow era now has more than cards available. truly beautiful game for players and collectors alike! shadow era has distinct dark fantasy art style, with beautiful art commissioned some the best artists the industry. shadowtoken ico august st, the token sale begins august st, edt the waves dex and shadowtoken.io website. shadowtokens (shdw) have been created with the following distribution. tokens will available for public sale tokens will kept reserve for operations tokens will rewarded previous kickstarter backers (sf) tokens will rewarded for bounties and referrals tokens will retained the developers payouts for the signature bounty bitcointalk forums will begin august th. payouts for previous backers the shattered fates kickstarter will available for collection from august august st. uncollected payouts september will considered donation the game's development and moved the business operating pool. buying tokens make easy buy tokens using your preferred method. waves dex the shadowtoken sale will begin august edt, listed the waves decentralized the token sale being offered free market. buy early lock the best price! the price expected increase with demand. exchange (dex) with markets maintained the shdw/btc, shdw/eth and shdw/waves pairs. for web based wallet, visit the waveswallet.io website download the chrome app. easy buy "easy buy" options will also available our website place market orders buy shdw the current rate using btc, eth, waves paypal. please note that paypal purchases for new customers that have not purchased from before may subject holding and verification prevent fraud. initial price the initial starting price will usd equivalent across all trading pairs. free market, the price expected fluctuate and will increase with demand. sure check the relative usd price for the trading pair reduce arbitrage. token features decentralized exchange from the start the ico august edt, shadowtokens will listed for sale the waves dex. using the waves chrome app the online wallet http://waveswallet.io any player can create waves ac- daily rewards count buy and sell shadowtokens the free market, token holders that have linked their waves account promoting liquidity and ease use. their shadow era account will entitled daily in-game rewards shadow crystals. players that have voting rights logged into the game that day will share daily pool all token holders are encouraged vote issues rewards based their relative token balance, paid brought forth the board directors. vote automatically the end the day. issue, certain waves addresses will given for each voting option. lock your vote, simply send any in-game perks amount shdw (eg the address repre- players that maintain certain minimum token balance senting your choice. the end the voting period, the will have special epic avatar and colored chat text votes are tallied based the current total number distinguish them token holder. tokens held each account. the top token holders with linked accounts will always play with completely foiled version their cur- profit share rewards rent deck multiplayer games. encourage community involvement and ownership, profit share rewards are distributed active token ultra premium currency holders. active token holder defined one who besides the token features for players, shdw will also has: used ultra premium currency purchase exclusive items such card sleeves, playmats and avatars. linked their waves account their shadow era ac- limited time exclusive cards are also possible. count, has tokens purchased with the "easy buy" op- the future, trading premium items for shdw play- tion. ers secondary market can also provide value in- logged into the game least once the previous game items and promote spending. days. voted any issues presented that had voting close date the previous days. the total amount profit rewards will determined monthly basis the board directors based link your token balance your shadow era ac- income, expenses, and budget. the rewards will split count, simply send any amount shdw (eg among the active token holders relative proportion pkeqireujdvuauyshrmfqpfomak with your the amount shadowtokens that they have held player name api key the attachment field. this will longer than days. rewards will paid out shdw prove ownership the waves account holding the to- their waves account. kens, and entitle you the token features. board directors ian bolton kevin massey card designer, coder, team leader, and forum poster extraordinaire! appointed chairman the board, ian will focus design. legendary deck builder, kevin brings commercial experience the entertainment industry with him focus product management. samuel hendrickson kevin manning @gondorian @samuelj with degree marketing and extensive experience with both the digital and physical game, samuel will focus marketing. @keaven @nachyochez already responsible for much the storyline and lore for shadow era, kevin joins the board with focus the story. ador pantig @danae besides being forum moderator for quite some time, ador has background business intelligence and will focus business analysis. vincent boure @fdl long term player and previously part the elite player's focus group (pfg) for sets, vincent will focus the competitive scene. the board directors will responsible for directing and managing the development the game. they will put any major decisions vote token holders, ensure that the game develops along the path that the community prefers. triton baldwin @demnchi previous community manager and always close the players, triton will focus the player community. company structure the game transitioning from single owner community-driven development led board directors. token holders will own the assets shadow era the digital game, physical cards, and intellectual property. trust company incorporated the united kingdom will operated the board directors. while the trust doesn't own the assets directly, will carry out the daily operations including maintaining bank accounts, paying for contractors, and making budgets drive growth. the tokens, therefore, represent share the assets shadow era, but not share any company legal entity. ensure liquidity the tokens, whenever possible the contractors and developers are paid directly shdw according the current exchange rate usd. each month, the trust will use income from the game purchase back shdw from the exchange use for payments and profit rewards. not financial security recently there have been new regulations and restrictions from the united states sec regarding icos considered financial securities. the howey test the leading definition investment contract, referring the u.s. supreme court case sec w.j. howey co. under the howey test, investment contract contract, transaction scheme whereby person invests his money common enterprise and led expect profits solely from the efforts the promoter third party." after carefully going over the announcements from the sec, believe that shadowtoken can safely defined currency, with many utility functions and premium features. profit share rewards are only distributed those contributing the game's development, passes the howey test. past performance although new management will taking over the game, dive into the past performance and key financials. past performance shadow era was developed and grew without advertising budget. the game completes features and prepares for re-launch, prior financials indicate future success! arpdau: $.-$. typical goal for arpdau for complicated rpg type game would $.. having solid arpdau indicates that the profits will scale well when advertising campaigns for new user acquisitions are started. total revenue: $,, the total revenue from all sources since the game's launch. indicates strong ability monetize the players generate revenue. total players: the first full-scale trading card game mobile, shadow era attracted large number players with advertising budget. since the login requires email address, also have large database subscribers more than emails that can used retargeting campaigns. ios in-app purchases in-app purchase sales iphone and ipad were traditionally the main source income, but android has now started surpass ios monthly sales. android in-app purchase the aggregate, are important the conduct our business, and obtain licenses use certain intellectual property owned others, none individually considered material our business. web purchase portal superrewards the web-based portal for payments the and mac builds. they also support different methods for earning free currency completing offers, surveys, etc. -star reviews the game highly rated ios and android, meaning the product already solid and will only improve with time. arppu: perhaps the best indicator for potential profit, the high arppu means that dedicated players are willing spend lot money the game that they love. engagement: representation how engaged the players are, how many monthly active players play daily basis. typical goal for engagement would mau: although the monthly active users have dropped significantly the past year due development delays and advertising, the transition new management will revitalize the game. retargeting campaigns and new user acquisition will drive profits. rewarded videos and trials tapjoy and vungle mobile builds allows the players earn free currency watching video ads downloading other apps. web store direct sales our web store for physical cards and occasional exclusive digital specials. crowdfunding campaigns two successful crowdfunding campaigns for physical cards, and one for the shattered fates digital set. looking the future under new management, shadow era set relaunch with new focus community-driven development. physical cards card translations high-quality physical cards were introduced thanks although the interface elements and buttons are trans- crowdfunding campaign that raised over $k. the lated, the card text itself and storyline remain english physical cards use premium card stock with even great- only. order more accessible players around quality than the top trading card games and were the world, full card translations should done. produced the same manufacturer that prints all the top tcgs. every physical booster pack contains redeem code for the digital game, enabling good cross-promo- distribution steam tion between the two platforms. launching the desktop versions the game steam will give the game wider audience players and help although printing physical cards such high quality with promoting the game. expensive, thanks the crowdfunding campaigns have already passed the break-even point. housed our distributor's warehouse michigan, usa, the re- new content maining physical inventory has current retail value additional single player campaigns and steady stream over $k. new cards will keep the game fresh and engage the players. merchandising and licensing playmats have proved popular item among user acquisition physical players, but there are other merchandising op- the most important part increasing profits prop- portunities thanks the abundance great artwork. plan for user acquisition. spending money adver- items such posters, calendars, plushies etc could tising and promotion will help grow the game. additional revenue streams. the rich background lore and story also lends itself well licensing for books tabletop board games. graphic improvements more special effects for each card needed improve the quality during battles. the gui can also updated for more modern feel. our goal keep the token holders involved the development process. the board directors will propose vote for any major issues direction, and the token holders will decide the outcome. aug shadow token ico token sale for the established and highly rated shadow era tcg name: shadowtoken symbol: shdw platform: waves shadowtoken ico whitepaper http://shadowtoken.io