share button with blockchain status: minimum viable product (mvp) sharpay.io contents summary market subject sharpay solution button sharpay mission and formula technology description system functioning model technological features the principle operation, installation, convenience for websites multisharing, user convenience economic model multisharing stimulation comparison with competitors sharpay business model development scenarios financial plan structure expenditures scenario token sale million scenario token sale million scenario token sale million strategic plans risks and opportunities marketing and sales roadmap emission, tokens, token sale distribution tokens presale presale bonus program token sale token price strategy buyback program team advisers intellectual property legal aspects liability limitations summary there are bln sites the world and the number growing annually. however, only them use share buttons only mln sites. with over bln people using social networks, which are active users, the social network advertising spending expected grow billion the most popular users social networks, for example, top instagram influencers, have been earning money using their popularity through social network advertising. sharpay will help all the social active users monetize their popularity earning crypto currency. sharpay unique technological and very simple share button. sites put the button under any content instead other old sharing buttons and users get rewards for sharing. the system has fraud protection, bot defense with audience targeting possibility based cpv (cost per visit) payments. the innovation sharpay blockchain rewards for sharing with tokens and multisharing sharing several networks with one click.this unique project, that has simultanioulsy the two possibilities. the technology protected the eurasian international patent priority. sharpay new smm instrument for increasing traffic, conversions, sessions and sales with less spends. spreading the sharpay technology will increase the agregated sharing from the world. sharpay plans get that growth that equal international market general. sharpay will quarterly reserve the proceeds ensure the redemption tokens from their holders (investors and users). the program starts according the results the quarter the price the buyback based the nominal price token eth which approximately equal the time the official launch the project november, sharpay's tokens are initially released ethereum according the erc standard, are the blockchain used financial registry. the next stage development sharpay, are going develop and launch independent decentralized blockchain system (bitshares fork with pos-basis), followed the migration tokens the blockchain will used for issuing, distributing tokens between sites and users for social activity, and storing the information. starting from the second stage, the rewards from the blockchain will gain not only more users, but also more sites install sharpay button. market people have always been sharing news, thoughts and ideas. switch online communication has significantly increased the number people engaged information exchange process well the volume content being distributed. today, any internet project all means wants increase its appearance through different potential traffic sources, such blogs, social media and forums. visitor flow money, reputation and business growth. posting content the social space integral part search engine optimization. the number platforms the internet engaged social communications through information sharing increases every day. it's already hard imagine our life without this tool. communicate, get acquainted with each other, promote our business, read news sharing. content sharing from websites user pages the social media appeared more than years ago when facebook, twitter, vkontakte etc. became popular all over the world. initially based open social media api, this technology was the same time caught independent start-up companies making popular through aggregation api various social media into one and the same unit share buttons with additional settings (customization) for independent website developers and users. after while, addthis.com, sharethis.com, addtoany.com, pluso.ru became the most known and successful share aggregators terms its market share position. currently, there are around billion websites the world and the number growing per year average. share aggregators' buttons can only found more than million) websites from this amount. the competitors have the following shares the market (analytics sharpay): addthis sharethis addtoany others button reported zenith optimedia, the amount spent smm (social media marketing) all over the world will grow billion and will keep growing. source: https://www.zenithmedia.com/social-media-ads-hit-usbn-catching-newspapers/ subject it's been more than ten years since social media, share buttons and aggregators appeared the market, but the traditional sharing technology has not actually changed. this is, however, strange for the fast-growing market internet solutions. traditional sharing: sharing action repeated for each new social media why hasn't traditional sharing been developing? because it-companies don't see any great economical value working this tool monetizing methods have been limited for this technology. the first blockchain-based technologies may give powerful impetus the development internet advertisement through sharing. sharpay solution sharpay share button the next generation, which allows for oneclick distribution the content social media with targeting and reward for click-through. opposed traditional analogues, sharpay provides multisharing information, i.e. makes possible for users oneclick post the content their pages multiple social media time. information posting becomes more convenient; moreover, after sharing each user gets blockchain-based tokens. sharpay new simple hi-tech blockchain-based smm-tool for websites with embedded economic model process incentive. sharpay button extends traditional digital marketing battery and gives new possibilities for digital content, goods and services promotion. sharpay ensures effective promotion content the internet with targeting viewers, rewards for click-through the visitors corresponding the established parameters and anti-cheat system. websites using sharpay will significantly increase their site traffic and sales conversion. users clicking sharpay buttons and distributing websites' content will get fair payment for being active social media and for the click-thoughs the posted links their subscribers: the more subscribers and click-throughs the higher the reward gained the user who shared the link. websites distributing content are interested activeness popular users who have millions subscribers, but their interaction often spontaneous (such instagram). sharpay provides the market with the new instrument, which makes counter-activity systematic. end users are essentially the main beneficiaries sharpay. sharpay is, makes the market generally better.it simplified the way various economic agents find and communicate with each other, and the information products and services will distributed faster than ever. with all the above-listed multiplied technological leap due blockchain popularization and tokenization the old technologies, the window for revolutionary possibilities for creation, development and success sharpay project opened. how the button looks like the sharpay button can look like anything, for example, like this page, can customized for the design the site. the sharpay button can any color and the logos any social networks. the main feature the button the code, which activated when you click the button. can also use your own design and match with out code. now facebook, twitter, linkedin, vk, reddit, telegram, tumblr are already connected the multisharing the working version the sharpay button. you can also copy direct unique link and share yourself forums, blogs and comments. are working connecting new social networks, like wechat, weibo, qq, viber, livejournal and others. sharpay mission and formula the mission sharpay provide both websites and users social media with the new, mutually beneficial, convenient, automated instrument for the promotion content and goods. for the websites: increase their content (information and goods) distribution conversions; and for the users: get rewards (i.e. gaining digital tokens) distributing the content using simple multsharing button. you share pay. sharing the new mining. get your sharpay! multisharing its stimulation tokens increase conversion websites' content distribution social media, websites' traffic and internal kpi growing (number active users, views, registrations, sales etc.) convenience and possibility gaining tokens for the users (digital currency, crypto-currency). technology description sharpay project system based the synthesis blockchain technology designed for system transparency and economic incentive content promotion means tokens and multiaggregated api the most the leading world-wide social media and messengers (facebook, twitter, vkontakte etc.) designed for content distribution (multisharing). system functioning model step website company/owner buys sharpay token package, for example, tokens (for $), and sets targeting who will rewarded with tokens for sharing/multisharing its content and the click-through rewards setting etc. step users start share content their pages social media, forums, blogs, and messengers. step sharpay user account automatically created after the first time the user shares the content through sharpay button upon his/her agreement. every user gets his/her rating within the system means sharpay scoring system (depending the number friends, quality subscribers, user activeness etc.). tokens are charged depending the rating and the number further click-throughs the link posted targeted visitors. there are four types rating provided for the basic solution (zero, low, middle, high). step tokens are charged the website's account immediately after the users shared its content (if the website rewards users tokens not only for click-throughs but for sharing well) and are put hold for hours. moreover, the user rewarded with tokens for click-throughs the link distributed accordance with the targeting parameters set the website. step sharpay automatically checks the availability shared content the pages users (for not deleted) within hours, counts click-throughs, checks quality visitors. step case positive check result (content available social media, click-throughs are accordance with quality), award will precisely calculated the system and the tokens (on hold) will released the users accordingly. case the result negative, tokens (on hold) will returned the website's account. schematically, system functioning algorithm may displayed the following sequence: the user goes any* website sees interesting content clicks the sharpay multi-sharing button the share-window opens for comment the user writes comment and chooses social media share the link website with his/her comment the user has sharpay.io account the user doesn't have sharpay.io account connected social media are active for sharing social media are not active the user shares the content the social media** the user activates (oauth) social media posted** sharpay.io account created automatically sharpay.io antibot verifies the user's social media rating according its own scoring model user's rating positive user's rating negative the user gets our tokens tokens are frozen for hours sharpay.io antibot verifies the availability the posted link website the user's page during hours link the website saved link the website deleted accrued tokens unfrozen tokens returned the website the user goes sharpay.io withdraws tokens the user goes any website; sees interesting content the internet user's visit any website, which installed our sharpay multisharing button instead all conventional share-buttons the user shares the content the social media the user posted link interesting content his/her social media pages (one multiple choose) owners sharpay tokens may sell them the exchange market offer them for mandatory repurchase sharpay the price set the repurchase program. possibility conversion sharpay tokens into another cryto-currencies currencies will depend upon the level exchange market development. the user will have scoring range for each social media, therefore, the amount tokens being rewarded the user for each multisharing will depended his/her total scoring range and correspondence between visitors clicking through the link and the targeting set the website. example the user distributes website's content three social media one click, he/she will rewarded with tokens. the amount tokens varied the score each social media, for example, tokens for each and and token for vk, tokens total. example let's say the website got shares for tokens purchased. them are qualitative (i.e. qualitative the minimum for token) and are higher class high quality (middle and high). thus, the value one token equal the value one minimally effective (qualitative) share (hereinafter, minimal effective share). website may gain shares for tokens, but there will more than effective (paid-for) ones among them. minimal effective share sharpay token eth, that approximately equal the time the official launch the project november, sharpay being updated present. the basic version the project, the tokens can only charged for sharing. iin the updated version, the tokens can charged for both sharing/multisharing and click-throughs. the system will able check the availability the shared content user's pages; and the website will able choose whether pay token for sharing/ multisharing and click-throughs together separately. user who shares link the content will rewarded with tokens accordance with three indices combined: number click-throughs, targeting (who shared), targeting (who clicked the link). technological features optimize the work the sharpay project, the system has number technological features: easy integration: sharpay multisharing buttons can easily integrated into any internet websites that are open the integration third-party api, which means that millions websites can install and activate sharpay buttons less than minutes built-in targeting: websites that have installed sharpay buttons will able target users both sharing the content and following links optimize the amount tokens being payout (tokens accrual users) and fair charging tokens, for example, only for goes that correspond the necessary criteria users content through the sharpay buttons, will automatically evaluated and ranked within the sharpay system, depending the level their activity social media (number friends subscribers, the number publications/reposts, etc.), which will affect the amount tokens being rewarded each particular user, reliably protecting websites from bots, but providing opportunity for popular users receive decent high reward. protection from fraud: avoid abuse, the system has mechanism protect against bots and advertising fraud, limiting the number and size multisharing paid per the day week month will effectively counter the cheaters ease-to-use: the basic user, order start content using the sharpay buttons installed any different websites, does not need learn anything new and immerse himself the world blockchain, tokens and crypto-technologies the first stage, the user makes familiar actions spread the interesting content (same with old sharing buttons), with only the difference the appearance multisharing, now it's easier and faster, plus, the user will see his/ her growing balance tokens the system, which the future, conscious transition the next stage cooperation with sharpay system, will give the user the opportunity receive personal private key and access the balance, transfer tokens cryptocurrency exchange and/or withdraw fiat. the principle operation, installation, convenience for websites successfully integrate and use the sharpay multisharing buttons, websites need just few clicks get the button code with personal unique identifier, set this code the pages their website, removing all old-generation button codes the usual sharing. after that, the button ready for use users (site visitors) for content distribution and promotion. clicked the personal account sharpay.io all actions the personal account sharpay.io are carried out the sire owner website administrator (manager), has appropriate instructions authority. multisharing, user convenience users (site visitors), can now easily interesting content from the website their pages social media clicking the sharpay multisharing button, which has difference from the old generation sharing button appearance and customization. (in one the button customizing options, possible display the digital balance tokens directly the button, with crypto currency token sale, which will attract users click the sharpay button and distribute content). the users are interested distributing interesting content the website, they can click activate the sharpay button, pop-up window will appeared and they can write comment the content and choose the social media share on. the peculiarity and convenience multisharing are that they can choose more than one social media share with comment clicking the button. should noted thatat the first activation any social media this process, personal account with electronic wallet inside sharpay will automatically created for the user, which the user can access any time using oauth-authorization, without the need enter login password. when the project transitioned blockchain, the user will receive private key (one private key for one account) from his/her wallet). the user goes any site the user's redirection online any site that has already installed the sharpay multisharing button, instead all the usual share-buttons clicks the animated sharpay button the time the first sharing, the user automatically creates personal cabinet sharpay *** shares content the user published link interesting content his/her pages social networks, one more his/her discretion **** withdraws tokens through quarterly sharpay program buying tokens, through cryptoexchanges ***** receive notification new content according the targeting sharpay sends users, who meet specified criteria, notifications about the possibility share new interesting content that sites promote for tokens economic model multisharing stimulation important element the whole system the built-in economic model for stimulating content distribution. after the user decides interesting content, writes his/her comment it, chooses, his/ her discretion and interests the audience, the social media share on, presses the button the user will see that tokens for the distribution content and following links accrued the balance his/ her personal online wallet sharpay. all this, course, not only simplifies the distribution website content social media (option multisharing), forums and instant messengers, but, receiving rewards tokens the system, also encourages users repeat multisharing the future order comparison with competitors comparison with its predecessors, aggregators the usual oldgeneration sharing, sharpay has the following advantages (own sharpay analysis): sharing new: multisharing new: sharing with rewards new: blockchain usage addthis sharethis +/- addtoany pluso sharpay business model the basis the economic model sharpay the following: ctr the ratio users who click the sharpay content sharing buttons with blockchain rewards number websites and applications with buttons the total number websites and mobile applications with sharpay buttons installed number websites that buy sharpay tokens the percentage websites and mobile applications from the total number those which installed buttons that use sharpay tokens encourage content distribution average traffic websites/per month the average traffic size each website with sharpay buttons (sharpay's own analytics based open data monthly traffic the internet different websites) the ratio verified users receiving sharpay tokens the percentage users distributing content through the sharpay buttons that passed the internal anti-bot filter the sharpay system cpv (cost per visit) for website the minimum cost visit for website (how much the website gives users usd equivalent) corresponds the market value sharpay token, starting from the nominal value the start the system cpv (cost per visit) for verified user who receives sharpay tokens the minimum cost click following for the user (how much the user receives from websites usd equivalent) depends the sharpay fee, relation the cost the click cost for the website click efficiency ratio increase the cost click, accordance with targeting, indicator the relevance the audience, following the distributed links the quality parameters such audience set websites that the better the quality the audience the more the website gives users, who have distributed links. user activity ratio (the amount paid sharing per user day) the sharpay antispam filter: how many links per day can the user distribute (total) with the help sharpay buttons, the followings for which will paid the user the websites sharpay fee the percentage the actual turnover the tokens inside sharpay retained reward development scenarios following are models sharpay development are presented, depending the token sale results: development model, token sale less than million number websites and applications with buttons number websites buying sharpay tokens ratio verified users receiving sharpay tokens cpv (cost per visit) for website ratio the click efficiency (average cost click, accordance with targeting) user activity ratio (the amount paid sharing per user day) ctr (click-through rate) average traffic websites per month cpv (cost per visit) for verified user receiving sharpay tokens number months year sharpay fee development model, token sale million number websites and applications with buttons number websites buying sharpay tokens ratio verified users receiving sharpay tokens cpv (cost per visit) for website ratio the click efficiency (average cost click, accordance with targeting) user activity ratio (the amount paid sharing per user day) ctr (click-through rate) average traffic websites per month cpv (cost per visit) for verified user receiving sharpay tokens number months year sharpay fee development model, token sale million number websites and applications with buttons number websites buying sharpay tokens ratio verified users receiving sharpay tokens cpv (cost per visit) for website ratio the click efficiency (average cost click, accordance with targeting) user activity ratio (the amount paid sharing per user day) ctr (click-through rate) average traffic websites per month cpv (cost per visit) for verified user receiving sharpay tokens number months year sharpay fee financial plan the main source sharpay monetization the commission from the turnover tokens the system. the calculations this financial plan are carried out according the plan revenue received from commission. note that future planned activate additional ways monetization, namely, provision premium services and advertising placement multisharing windows. the economic model sharpay based the following formulas: traffic (sharpay button impressions) per year number websites and applications with sharpay buttons average traffic websites per month number months the year number sharpay button impressions websites that buy tokens number traffic (sharpay button impressions) per year number websites that buy sharpay tokens number user clicks sharpay buttons (number sharings) number sharpay button impressions websites that buy tokens ctr (click-through rate) user activity ratio (number paid user sharing per day) number months the year number verified user clicks sharpay buttons (number paid sharings) number user clicks sharpay buttons (number sharings) verified users receiving sharpay tokens ratio cost visits for websites= the number clicks verified users the sharpay buttons (the number paid sharings) cpv (cost per visit) for website ratio click efficiency sharpay fee cpv (cost per visit) sharpay fee size total, sharpay earnings sharpay fee tables below show the indicators the sharpay economic model planned achieved depending the implemented scenario the project development. monetization model, token sale million number sharpay button impressions websites, buying tokens, billions the number user clicks sharpay buttons (the number sharings), billions the number verified user clicks sharpay buttons (the number paid sharings), billions cost visits for websites, millions sharpay fee, millions monetization model, token sale million number sharpay button impressions websites, buying tokens, billions the number user clicks sharpay buttons (the number sharings), billions the number verified user clicks sharpay buttons (the number paid sharings), billions cost visits for websites, millions sharpay fee, millions number traffic (sharpay button impressions), billions per year number traffic (sharpay button impressions), billions per year monetization model, token sale million number sharpay button impressions websites, buying tokens, billions the number user clicks sharpay buttons (the number sharings), billions the number verified user clicks sharpay buttons (the number paid sharings), billions cost visits for websites, millions sharpay fee, millions number traffic (sharpay button impressions), billions per year structure expenditures the next years, the financial assets raised the ongoing token sale campaign will used the implementation the entire set tasks order achieve the goals stipulated this document. depending the amount the funds raised, sharpay suggests development scenarios. scenario token sale million project development plan for years: development basic functions development buttons for mobile applications promotion and sales europe and asia transposing international pct priority into national patenting phases development staff legal and patenting expenditures marketing and sales administrative and technical expenditures other expenditures scenario token sale million project development plan for years: development basic functions development buttons for mobile applications promotion and sales europe and asia transposing international pct priority into national patenting phases launch independent decentralized blockchain (fork bitshares) migration tokens blockchain ensuring project compliance with the requirements national regulatory authorities entering the markets the usa, canada and latin america obtaining national patents development staff legal and patenting expenditures marketing and sales administrative and technical expenditures other expenditures scenario token sale million project development plan for years: development basic functions development buttons for mobile applications promotion and sales europe and asia transposing international pct priority into national patenting phases launch independent decentralized blockchain (fork bitshares) migration tokens blockchain ensuring project compliance with the requirements national regulatory authorities entering the markets the usa, canada and latin america obtaining national patents development and implementation websites and online stores affiliate programs for the exchange goods and services for the tokens sharpay users project scaling, entering all the most important world markets, active marketing and sales development staff legal and patenting expenditures marketing and sales administrative and technical expenditures other expenditures strategic plans over the next years, sharpay plans to: create partnership base thousand commercially viable websites and applications that install sharpay multisharing button (depending the development scenario) have million users registered (based the planned number websites with buttons and their average monthly traffic) sharpay expects that the trend for the growth blockchain technologies popularity will become powerful driver for the creation the sharing market with blockchain rewards. moreover, new websites and mobile applications that previously did not use any sharing aggregators all will virally involved the process. this should have additional impact; actual penetration sharpay can many times higher than the claimed one. today, old-generation buttons for aggregated sharing are installed only million websites, which about the total number websites the internet. all them not use economic stimulation content distribution. according our forecasts, the distribution sharpay multisharing technology with blockchain payment will increase the penetration aggregated sharing buttons less than sharpay can drive the market growth multiple times. based the current market capacity assessment, sharpay plans occupy least its growth years. this equivalent the aggregated sharing market general. not long ago, addthis.com, one the most well-known world aggregators the obsolete sharing, was taken over oracle with appraisal about million. the future sharpay capitalization from the point view the occupied share the sharing market should surpass the addthis.com performance least times. thus, the market valuation sharpay may reach about million years, and billion years, continues expand. same benchmarks are also confirmed terms the planned number partner websites the system for the same period, their average need for sharpay tokens pay for promotion and, consequently, the market value sharpay tokens. risks and opportunities please note that adequately assess the market potential, our risks, and the opportunities that our entry will provide for the existing established competitors. these risks are taken into account our planning and financial performance. the launch sharpay can driver for the existing market players and their tuning the spirit the times. however, sharpay clearly winning position against them, thanks the time difference, well the availability ready-to-use technology that sharpay team was the first apply this market. moreover, enjoy the following advantages: not only has sharpay implemented sharing button with blockchain rewards, but also has already activated the international patent protection procedure, which means priority the future terms providing such services. any potential competitor needs restructure their development model enter new market, which long, difficult, and expensive. "you snooze, you don't win. early bird gets the worm" sharpay operates within the concept, which conscious avoiding price competition traditional low-margin markets seeking new free niches and gaining technological leadership there. this approach designed ensure the company's entry new market and the creation new demand. the multisharing and blockchain for sharing are basic innovations the sharpay's strategy. currently sharpay the only company the market that implements both these factors technological level time. marketing and sales the successful market penetration sharing buttons with blockchain rewards depends the efficient development the partner network. having focused all efforts marketing and sales building this network, sharpay will get full-fledged closed ecosystem. sharpay's partner network platforms, websites, online services, aggregators and applications that have sharpay buttons installed. organic traffic partner network natural supplier sharpay end beneficiaries: platform users who promote content through multisharing. the proper creation partner network will allow the token turnover reach million only within the system the first years development, million case wider penetration the company due high token sale raises. the following list sharpay potential partners, ranked according the market share and strategic interest, partly with the market valuation. search engines, platform owners and contextual advertising operators: google, yandex, mail, rambler, begun and others the largest market players all categories digital marketing services. they set the tone and run the market general. social media. increase revenue through the diversification advertising services. online media. wider coverage the distribution news and content. the sharpay team predicts that online media can become the main driver for the growth the entire sharpay system. blogging platforms, designers online stores and websites. expand and further monetize their services. aggregators sharing and posting: market volume companies. they can buy licenses use sharpay. old-generation sharing buttons are the potential profile strategic partners/investors. links and likes exchanges, referral operators, operators loyalty programs, advertising rtb exchanges. they are looking for ways additional monetization, growth the client base, and traffic increase. smm oriented websites. they are looking for new smm tools; decisions are made based smm opinion leaders and trends. operators smm and seo services: global, regional, freelancers. always happy earn more. operators social media advertising exchanges. expand the sphere influence and earnings. owners online services and widgets, e.g. callback services. drive the communication the audience with their customers, move the audience into warm and hot leads. mobile applications and services. one the key and fast-growing development areas the entire digital economy. they are most interested all the services driving successful communication. roadmap emission, tokens, token sale finance the project, the international company sharpay inc. plans issue and sell its own tokens investors through transparent token sale mechanism (initial coin offering), using smart contract. this will allow future holders sharpay tokens earn the growth the tokens market value the exchange market, well get full access the system's services pre-purchasing tokens early stage the project development for notional value with additional benefit. the context and integration sharpay technology with the blockchain, the project planned implemented two stages: stage eth-based emission the necessary volume tokens for free sale, provision the internal economy the project, and distribution among users for multisharing and content promotion. stage development and launch the private blockchain, well the token migration. ensure the speed and conditional the implementation, considered use the possibilities the bitshares blockchain fork with the pos-basis for the future sharpay blockchain. the reason choose bitshares blockchain system justified the characteristics this system, which surpasses the analogs for number characteristics: bitshares median confirmation time bitcoin sec min number transactions per second ethereum bitcoin cash litecoin dash min min min min maximum number transactions per day mln mln mln mln mln mln cost per transaction blockchain usage sep-- may-- sep-- aug-- sep-- aug-- operations one day) blockchain length mln blocks produced date) mln mln source: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=. initially, tokens will issued the ethereum blockchain platform using erc token standard. quantity: billion tokens additional emission: not expected. sharpay token the only official means payment within the system, well the basis effective business model using sharpay's multisharing technology with payment for sharing. the scheme token turnover the system follows: sharpay srp srp ner ati sit ken rin ers srp ari tio cou ser for website re-purchase user-earned tokens under the re-purchase program exchanges, exchange systems srp ice user srp cie int ren ncie dar curr eco ypto the distribution tokens billion tokens tokens designation token sales distribution total tokens system functioning reserve bonus for the project team billion bounty program advisers remuneration bonuses for investors the early stages bonus for investors the stage presale when buying volume more than eth) tokens tokens from the purchased volume tokens) total: starting price sharpay token: sharpay token eth, that approximately equal the time the official launch the project november, free sale tokens planned presale and token sale stages. presale presale period: from december february presale plan: $,. tokens presale package volume: about the total emission. presale bonus program presale bonus: case large volume purchases) the volume the bonus tokens for the presale distribution the participants: million tokens. thus, with the purchase sharpay tokens, the participant the presale stage actually receives sharpay tokens. until december sharpay team are preparing open release the main functionality the system (multisharing and token accrual) and running marketing campaign promote the presale campaign. all funds raised the presale stage will channeled prepare the token sale (mainly for advertisement). token sale token sale period: from march may (it possible extend the token sale period). the minimum target amount raised during the token sale $,,. tokens token sale package volume: billion sharpay tokens (it possible increase the token sale tokens package from the system functioning reserve). distribution scheme bonus tokens during token sale (preliminary): bonus, total tokens for sale discount, million total tokens sold, million total tokens including the token sale bonus, milion total tokens for bonuses, million token sale day the sale tokens with fixed bonus token sale week the sale tokens with fixed bonus token sale week the sale tokens with fixed bonus token sale week until the end token sale tokens not sold during presale and token sale will transferred the reserve fund for the further system functioning, immediately after the token sale. after the token sale, sharpay's tokens will traded cryptocurrency exchange. this will provide opportunity for users the system purchase openly gaining access the platform products and sell the ecosystem participants interested obtaining this access. token price strategy sharpay tokens are classic user tokens that will used within the service without any time limit. sharpay plans emission, which will limited billion tokens. using the token within the system, their number the exchange will gradually decrease. due the free circulation the token outside the service, its price unlimited and will determined the market based demand and supply. the main factors growth are the demand and supply the cryptocurrency exchange, well the growth rate the project itself. the project value will increase due the increase the number users. the sharpay tokens value will depend how actively the tokens are used the platform and its number the system. the token price may also depend market conditions and other factors. the main ways increase the number tokens the market: allowing users earn tokens the platform through multisharing selling tokens from the reserve companies that use the sharpay button attract customers. buyback program sharpay plans reserve the revenue quarterly ensure the buyback sharpay tokens from the system users, who receive tokens compensation for sharing/multisharing. the program starts with the results the buyback price based the nominal price the token and the amount eth, that approximately equal the time the official launch the project november, buyback scheme quarterly, the company's revenue goes the buyback tokens. preparations before the start the buyback procedure take (one) month. sharpay places smart contract for the purchase tokens with fixed amount and closing date (thirty) calendar days. sharpay users are informed the possibility sell tokens. the tokens owners send for sale until they reach the amount covering re-purchase the number tokens defined the smart contract. one can send and withdraw tokens before the closing date the smart contract. after this date, the number tokens fixed and all participants receive the payment, proportion the number tokens left the contract. team anton solodikov ceo entrepreneur, blockchain activist, inventor, author patent and international patent applications for content promotion, previously, the ceo balalike llp (development content monetization systems) and cmo golos.io (blockchain and social network, tokens x). igor karavaev cbdo ex-executive director the skolkovo foundation, the leading russian business incubator start-ups, also ex-director strategy and business development the largest russian corporations. arkady yasashny cfo ex-top manager the largest russian banks (vtb, mdm, union), entrepreneur and investor hightech start-ups. alexey stukarchuk cto blockchain enthusiast, experienced developer erp and crm systems for international companies (including skoda, bosch, ulmart), mobile application developer (ios, android), development team leader. valery yushchenko software engineer high qualified front-end, full-stack, database mobile developer, has working experience qualcomm for long time (sydney, australia) and other international companies, now totally focused blockchain technologies. ilya afanasiev support engineer certified specialist automatic systems data processing; lives china, fluently speaks russian, english chinese. levi yau regional manager (asia, china, hong kong) entrepreneur, web developer, travel marketplace startup founder hong kong. mark vdovskikh marketing manager experienced international marketer, expert strategic planning and creating the efficient communication systems katerina molodova smm manager professional public relations, has strong experience smm, content marketing, advertising and event marketing. olga rayner community manager (english, european, russian) cryptoenthusiast, philologist, professional interpreter, speaks english, french russian daria dreimanis community manager (german, european, latin) specialist cross culture communications, coordinator german, european spanish communities vadim scherbak community manager (russia) tech evangelist, researcher, innovator, has more than years experience communications advisers ken huang chief blockchain scientist, huawei technologies worked for cgi federal office usa director cyber security, and director cloud security. established cgi federal identity management practice, and cyber security competence center. while working for cgi executive consultant, ken consulted the united states federal government, financial institutions, and utility companies and provided expertise finance, blockchain, and cyber security. graduated from zhejian normal university, xian jiaotong university china and university lausanne switzerland. simon choi top icobench, fintech ico lawyer international lawyer with more than years experience, qualified practise law england wales, and hong kong, china. well known blockchain speaker and blogger, rated world top icobench. simon graduated from the law schools' peking university, the university london and the university hong kong respectively. simon provides advising and reviewing new blockchain regulations various jurisdictions ensure the highest degree compliance and adherence all relevant government policies towards blockchain technology. vincent mascart blockchain enthusiast, developer blogger entrepreneur, developer, founder several companies, has provided consultancy several international companies and now totally focused blockchain technologies. blockchain enthusiast, one the top bloggers the steemit and golos blockchains. witness for multiple dpos projects (steemit, golos etc.), has succesfully created and deployed several blockchain based applications. speaks french, english, dutch, italian, chinese and learning russian. intellectual property since the project team has filed multiple patent applications, describing the possibility multisharing and stimulating the distribution content tokens, money, points, etc. currently, the patent technology covered the patent priority for the eurasian international application. there are existing direct equivalents. all project intellectual property rights belong sharpay inc. legal aspects the official legal entity the project the company sharpay inc. legal address the company: suite driftwood bay, belize city, belize. sharpay inc. devoted lot time and resources studying the issues the legal status tokens and the business model sharpay, from the point view integration technologies for multishing and blocking technologies. the tokens produced the company are specially designed support the operation the sharpay multicasting system. for this, between users and sharpay inc. contracts will concluded. sharpay tokens holders accept all risks handling tokens sharpay inc. themselves. tokens can not returned immediately after purchase. sharpay inc. plans buyback users tokens the conditions described the corresponding section the white paper. the purchase sharpay tokens not equated buying shares sharpay inc. and their holders not have ownership, control any other rights sharpay inc. for the convenience users, the documents sharpay inc. (white paper, one pager), site and other public information about sharpay inc. are available several languages the site www.sharpay.io, this case, the event discrepancy, the english version has priority. liability limitations this document the intellectual property sharpay inc. the information contained herein for informational purposes only for non-commercial, personal use, does not imply any contractual relations, may incomplete and can updated any time, without prior notice, sharpay inc. may think fit. unless expressly stated otherwise, all information this document for reference only. sharpay inc. does not provide any warranty, express implied, with respect the accuracy, completeness reliability the materials and data mentioned this document. the same time, sharpay inc. makes every effort ensure that all data the document submitted are accurate and relevant today. materials relating the sale sharpay tokens should not considered incentive purchase and the only sufficient reason form such decision. sharpay tokens can only purchased not prohibited the laws the buyer's country residence (for individuals) registration (for legal entities). prohibited participate sharpay inc. token sale the residents those countries, where participacion directly restricted (for example, residents the united states, singapore, vietnam and some other countries) can not participate. sharpay inc. not responsible for those token sale participants who take part this event breach their country's laws, even violations these laws are due ignorance. sharpay inc. also not responsible for the requirements that the tax authorities the country residence (for individuals) registration (for legal entities) may impose, due the purchase, ownership and use sharpay tokens. sharpay token holders are solely responsible for determining whether potential valuation reassessment the value the sharpay token the long term may have any tax implications their jurisdiction. sharpay inc. strives provide the most accurate and up-to-date data this document, but disclaims any liability for damages arising from inaccuracy, irrelevance incompleteness the material contained this document.sharpay inc. encourages individuals and legal entities seek additional advice from legal, tax, financial other specialized independent specialists before taking any action, result familiarization with the information contained herein.