sharechain white paper decentralized and valuable credit data platform for the global sharing economy what sharechain? based the sharing economy, sharechain smart, reliable, open, decentralized and valuable credit data platform and also underlying structure created blockchain technology. blockchain technology subverts the existing centralized credit platform, sharechain designed realize value quantification and circulation the platform using the super smart share, briefly called "sss", build credible credit system, which the data real and unique, create credible ecological circle the sharing economy, and pursue the great vision interconnected credit and sharing future". what are the goals sharechain? sharechain aimed finding specific and practical applications blockchain technology the new global sharing economy business and relevant fields. what the sharing economy? the sharing economy means the same ownership premise, benefits will gained temporarily transferring usage rights and increasing the utilization rate resources. the estimated value the global sharing economy forerunners like uber, airbnb, etc., has been several ten billion dollars. nevertheless, it's just the beginning the sharing economy, which will account for more than gdp the future and become one the national policies. the current situation the sharing economy the rapid development the sharing economy also brings problems and challenges sharing enterprises. specifically, the problems and challenges faced the sharing economy are the following four points: environment: although delivering civilization and building new spirit are advocated the mainstream, sharing products are still not cherished vandalized some people. many useful sharing products are longer available and have become burden the society. consequently, the benign development the sharing economy being challenged. user information: while the sharing economy penetrates into the personal sector, enterprises find difficult know the user information. the cost large amounts information screening enormous. with single data acquisition channel, personal credit for each user can not judged traditional sharing enterprises and different permissions for different users are also impossible, which lead significant increasing costs product supervision and operation. interoperable databases:although sharing enterprises record the user data the app, the new user's comprehensive credit level can not judged. the enterprise databases are not interoperable the traditional internet domain ensure information safety, which leads repeated collection the user data different sharing enterprises. .user loyalty: the user traditional sharing enterprises not reliant the app with integral incentive mechanism. point value not the reason for the user use app for long time. sharechain introduction sharechain gives solution the following four issues faced shared applications. with the underlying blockchain technology, major sharing applications access, the same time, smart contract setting, smart contract triggering, automatic ledger, data uploaded the chain, data check, value analysis, credit output and other services are provided. sharechain value proposition users: the user super smart share shared applications will enjoy preferential price contribute the valuable behavior get rewards, without disclosing personal privacy and data. shared applications: increase user activities and profits, obtain real credit index users, and reduce fraud external applications: capture high-quality data reports, specify optimal program lower cost and increase profits. sharechain value proposition profile with the sharing economic credit data its core, sharechain gradually accesses travel sharing,charger sharing digital sharing, guesthouses sharing and other sharing applications, using internet things, artificial intelligence, big data and other technologies increase interoperability various fields and integrating resources more efficiently create first-class decentralized credit sharing ecosystem decentralized sharing ecology sharechain the feature blockchain that after the data uploaded the chain, open, transparent, and can not tampered. the data credibility ensured. the sharechain will store four types datum the chain: user information shared applications, sss transaction information, participant's comprehensive information sharechain, and third-party credit information. related information uploaded onto the blockchain, and the data the blockchain can not changed, fundamentally solving the problems data stealing and tampering, which the most concern the user. addition, the user key information, sharing enterprise data information, are also desensitized privacy processing and encrypted safety layer ensure privacy safety the user and sharing enterprises. the development sharechain create sharing ecosystem, and access the sharing enterprise. with the help blockchain technology, accurate, credible, and quantifiable data indicators will shared among sharing enterprises. more authoritative user information analysis and recommendations will obtained from authoritative third-party credit agencies. with the continuous development sharechain ecology, the number sharing enterprises has been increasing. when the sharing enterprise has information query requirements, based the blockchain, sharechain provides the most accurate information required the sharing enterprise through dynamic analysis, reducing business operating costs and improving the efficiency all participants the sharechain ecosystem. sharechain smart contract smart contract interpretation simple word, "smart contract" contract (contract) agreement performed programmatically. the main objective the smart contract meet the needs number common contracts (such payment agreements, mortgage agreements. confidentiality agreements, and even enforcement agreements). the smart contract minimizes the impact accidents the events implementation the agreement, removing third-party trust mechanism minimize the cost trust between the parties, reducing fraud losses and non-conformance with the agreement, decreasing accidents, improving the efficiency social operation and achieving other economic goals. sharechain smart contract the user chooses the relevant conditions generate the smart contract, such the lease time, the payment the deposit, the rent and the deductible, etc.. when the smart contract obtains external data, detected line with the preparatory conditions, will take the initiative replace the enterprise and users respond, such automatic delivery, automatic refund, automatic payment and on. the whole process recorded the blockchain, ensure that all states correctness, integrity and non-tampering, and reduce the impact accidents. sharechain smart contract case sharechain business structure the sharechain consists block network and open platform. the entire business ecology also includes the roles cross-chain exchange, sharing enterprises, credit assessment service providers, sharing ecosystems and customers. role composition application users the sharechain does not change the usage habits the users the sharing enterprise, and the application users still enjoy convenience and service the applications sharing enterprise sharing business operator sharing enterprises access the sharechain with api provided sharechain open platform the application provide new users with sss incentive mechanism. sharechain operation team the sharechain open platform operated and maintained the sharechain operation team. the initial promotion the sharechain, and the initial release sss, require sharechain operation team's meticulous operation, that more sharing software users realize their credit value, and get involved the sharechain ecology. through using the software accurate user information and behavior models are obtained predict the model, and improve the accuracy and effectiveness the user credit report sharechain open platform the hub the sharechain, and highly reliable operation network services, sharing blockchain network has automatic ledger smart contract, key data recorded the chain and query blockchain accounts and circulation trading capabilities. third-party credit agencies the third-party credit agency responsible for providing reliable data algorithm get reliable data analysis results the user information sharing software the open platform ultimately get credit output and other results, and obtains the corresponding sss benefit. sharechain business architecture the open platform sharechain the central system sharechain, the sharechain open platform has the following capabilities: accept the access different sharing enterprises opening api interface. provide services for them, and further integrate number the resources sharing enterprises through data sharing, resources exchange, and win-win cooperation build more valuable and competitive share industry ecosphere. accept the app and wechat official account access the sharing enterprise opening api interface upload the enterprise database information, the user using software data and valuable contents. accept the online software and offline hardware access the sharing enterprise opening api interface build more complete shared chain ecology. release smart contracts, carry out the data analysis contract execute and automatic ledger, record and search incentive policy information and key data the chain, transfer transaction sss achieve open and transparent account management, information management, and enhance the credibility the industry. provide business and user account management, wallet and other basic functions, and manage business and user information facilitate the enterprise and the user manage and use sss. expand the sharechain business ecology, and improve user loyalty through the application the data analysis subsystem, the default penalty subsystem, the user information encryption subsystem, and the enterprise alliance subsystem various aspects business, )accept the direct access intelligent hardware sharing products sensor, upload data through open gateway user-free interactive way, integrate and collect more accurate user data for big data and data intelligence analysis make more accurate judgment the user information and improve the user experience. )provide perfect data collection and intelligent data analysis capabilities based big data, generate accurate user report, daily application report, application environment report, personal data model, etc., through the data intelligent analysis system for sharing enterprises carry out data evaluation, improve business architecture, reduce operating cost and for more accurate data interconnection the open platform. sharechain open platform architecture value distribution thanks sharechain access into the economy, the information value distribution sharing industry has been revolutionary change. the value each role the sharechain and the benefits obtained are described below: apps users create value: bring information value the sharing enterprise chain through the use shared applications. yield profit: use shared application get sss incentive. the sharechain accurately analyze the information the share enterprise bring better application experience for users. sharing enterprises create value: provide shared services and upload accurate use reports for application users, enhance the software user experience more effectively yield profit: when user uses sharing product through sharing enterprise app wechat official account, when the product has been used for some time and has use value, the automatic ledger smart contracts will triggered. the corresponding proportional sss incentive will distributed the user sharechain. sharing enterprises can exchange sss using software add-on services, and the sharechain will buy back according sss and the user information sss. data analysis service provider create value: analyze and upload the user's encrypted data; integrate accurately the user data; has positive influence the sharing enterprise information collection and information management. yield profit: participate the sss sharing. the more accurate analysis the application user's data, the more valuable and more sss will obtained incentive. sharechain value distribution diagram resource integration and advantageous ecological construction sharechain user encryption information, smart contract, sss incentive strategy, key business data, transfer transaction information etc., circulating the the system will recorded the blockchain network. based the open, transparent, tamper-resistant blockchain, the data mentioned above transparent and reliable. encryption used for sensitive data, taking privacy protection into account. the sharechain system based trusted data flow provides the traditional sharing enterprise with the opportunity share the resources the industry. the sharing enterprises different industries participating the sharechain, forming ecosystem, will benefit from two aspects: get more user resources for shared applications; cooperate with the sharing enterprises the industry, which can not accomplished before. all sharing enterprises the sharechain, enter the market whole. through the cooperation and advantages complementary each other this industry, wider range market value will gained, that the sharing economy contributes the society larger scale. sharechain industry resource integration diagram sharechain solves the sharing economic core issue credit more secure for sharing the credits the two parities through interconnection the business models sharing economy are mainly concentrated cc, bc, mode with well-known applications uber, airbnb, didi, etc well-known applications ofo, mobike, etc., mode; either bc, because the transaction based the internet mobile internet, two sharing parties can not check mutual information, and sharing becomes risking some cases that they are completely unfamiliar with each other. and then the access the sharechain make the transactions more smooth and secure, due the uniqueness real name, and open transparent principles. the entire transaction can traced the source, ensure the interests both parties. platform (official) data more credible whether bc, the transaction based the platform, whose interests facilitate sharing transactions. most cases, when the interests the platform reduced removed, the platform able tamper with the data through the backstage, and the data will never retrieved investigated. this moment the access sharechain can better control the corporate credit. due consensus mechanism and tamper-resistant principle, the entire transaction data can not tampered the platform, making the platform data more credible and more valuable. ()more efficient user experience traditional sharing applications, when new users register, their ratings are raised the initial level. this mode, high-quality user with high-credit groups can not get the best quality user experience the first time and the user's first impression the software affected. through data sharing mechanism the sharing ecosystem,each sharing enterprise the sharechain can get the most authentic user credit data, and the user's real rating can adjusted time based obtained information. high credit user groups can get the most out the user experience new sharing apps the first time. super smart share (sss) the role sss sss sharechain the currency the system. besides the application sss the above mentioned smart contract execute, can used related services include but are not limited the following scenarios: share application user incentives share application platform transaction services sharechain underlying data consumption third party consumer services sharechain smart contract consumption addition, the shared chain will continue expand the use sss scenarios, while continuing allow more third parties access sharechain add sss value. the source sss value sss the basis for the entire sharechain system and dapp operation. while sharechain system provides external services, receive certain number sss supplement. sss consumption, exchange and other circulation can done the users who have access dapp. dapp users gaining more benefits and added values through sss consumption, third party dapp using credit data consuming sss, maintain boost sss price. users can also share items and recommend friends join gain sss, propel more users join dapp share items, with increasing dapp users and greater growth space. consequence, the price sss will incresed. similarly when people use bitcoin for exchange, necessary for them the market buy bitcoin. with the increasing number people use bitcoin for exchange, bitcoin will appreciated. the sharechain system helps the zero-rent platform better serve the user while also providing other third parties share applications. theory, the prevalent global sharing economy now brings rapidly growing users and increasing awareness sss. with the explosive growth the shared application, sss value will increased quickly. foundation governance overview the foundation the global foundation sharechain (hereinafter referred the foundation) was established switzerland and nonprofit organization. china, counterparts are established the form associations and are committed the global development and transparent governance sharechain advocate and promote security, rational and healthy development sharechain ecological community the sharechain foundation will help and manage the general issues and privileges the community through the development excellent governance structure the form associations. the mission sharechain global fund governance structure designed maintain sustainability and effective management eco-communities and the security the funds raised. ecological community governance mainly planned the foundation. legal protection will provided our well-known law firm provide legal advice and guidance the construction and development the sharechain and the ecological community. foundation governance structure foundation governance structure mainly composed four, namely the implementing agencies, technical institutions, operating agencies and community integrated service agencies. the three main bodies, namely, implementation, technology and operation were headed experienced personnel home and abroad. community integrated service agencies are mainly headed the domestic community and foreign community leaders. the foundation governance committee centrally control and make decisions the following four institutions. foundation governance zhong ying wen dui zhao zhi xing gou implementing agency .gong xiang lian ying yong luo .ying yong shang hua tui yan .ji jin hui chang zhi xing guan .xia shu gou xie diao gong zuo .li xing zhi xing hui bao gong zuo sharechain application launch commercial promotion application foundation daily business implementation management coordination subordinate bodies routine reporting yun ying gou operating organization .ji jin hui chang yun ying guan .ji jin hui yun ying xiang guan huo dong hua .dapp guan lian yun ying xiang guan yuan dui jie .mei xing jiao liu foundation daily operations management foundation operations related activities planning .related resources transfer dapp associated operations media industry exchanges zhu gou .dai kai yuan guan .dapp guithub yuan bao .ji zhu she huo dong yun ying .guo nei wai zhu zhi chi dui jie technical institutions open source code management .dapp guithub source code protection technical community activities technical support transfer home and abroad she zong gou .zhong guo she zong yun ying guan .guo wai she zong yun ying guan .she huo dong hua zhi xing guan .she yuan dui jie guan .guo nei wai she nei yuan dui jie community integrated services china community integrated operation and management foreign community integrated operation and management community activities planning management community resource transferring management domestic and foreign community internal resources transferring the first dapp application zero rental sharechain zero rental the first sharing application the sharechain. current, the zero rental application has covered hundreds thousands user groups. the origin zero rental zero rental built senior team the sharing economy build shared electronic product platform for the purpose achieving full utilization electronic products and reducing the pollution electronic waste based the premise sharing the economic model. advantages zero rental advantage one: zero rental the first application combine sharechain technology well blockchain technology! zero rental based "alipay samba credit" personal credit mechanism, through sharechain access the underlying structure the application, the block chain consensus and decentralization mechanisms, provides recycling, leasing, credit, insurance and other one-stop services for shared electronic products. will also the first dapp solve the credit problem the sharing economy through the blockchain. advantage two: zero rental takes advantages shared closed loop for high utilization and maximum reduction electronic pollution! zero rental recovers second-hand electronic products from users. after passing the test the team, zero rental provides them the price far below the average market for users, until the exhaustion electronic products. the second-hand electronic products are extracted and purified reduce use-cost and prevent environmental pollution. advantage three: zero rental provides security guarantee through the strong blockchain underlying technology. the zero-rent underlying system supported the blockchain technology known "sharechain". the front end divided into four modules, including shared electronic products, electronic products recovery, electronic product maintenance and personal credit system. the underlying module ensures that all transactions are executed automatically and accurately. the front-end diversified functions allow users operate easily, thereby enhancing the sharing efficiency and reducing product vacancy rate. zero rental interactive mode zero rental interactive mode zero rental access method access method .gong xiang lian jia gou yan jin sharechain architecture evolution major team members sharechain has more than team members and technical members account for the core members are from tsinghua university, peking university, hong kong university science and technology and other famous universities, and worked baidu, tencent, microsoft and other well-known international companies. they have many years internet, mobile internet, blockchain work experience. (to completed after the new staff join) sss policy sss allocation scheme total: billion sss public issuance this time: billion sss early investors: billion sss foundation management: billion sss sss release plan accepted currency: bitcoin (btc), ether (eth) direct issue: billion sss eth and btc collected the end crowdfunding are managed the foundation's account; deblocking sss collected investors includes cycles. the length cycle days and the total stock sss deblocked each time. use funds: technology development: community maintenance: commercial operations: law and compliance: reserves: sharechain status and vision sharechain status april, planned build sharechain may, joined blockchain trustsql june, the development sharechain cold wallet and blockchain browser were completed. july, wechat official account, official website and online wallet were released sharechain. august, the early investment was launched officially sharechain. september, zero rental app was finalized sharechain. sharechain vision october, sharechain was traded overseas exchanges. november, sharechain with open and shared applications circulated, and strategic cooperation was reached with the shared enterprise promote the sharechain and expand the user groups. sharechain will access shared applications (accessible scenarios: shared bicycles, shared portable battery, shared travel, shared clothing, etc. with million million users, and will record million effective shared datum. sharechain will access share application, with million billion users and will record billion -billion effective shared datum. "zero rental" status april became sesame credit partner, and accessed sesame credit april the credit system accessed chsi april the credit system accessed three major operators, china mobile, china telecom, china unicom april the credit system accessed jingdong, authorized check the white bar june accessed hua bei alipay partner june the partner tong lian, branch state-owned enterprise, accessed xiao tong instalment june morningside capital talked about investment intentions july zero rental company moved shenzhen science and technology park july zero rental started the access blockchain technology research sharechain august zero rental completed sharechain access, and carried out functional debugging august zero rental started software inner test september, the conference "the launch zero rentalblockchain application" was held zero rental. sharechain ecological planning blueprint open application the blockchain, sharechain adheres the principle openness, inclusiveness and win-win cooperation, operating with various types applications home and abroad enrich our sharechain ecology, and integrating domestic and foreign resources create globally shared community ecology. sharechain ecological management agencies are coordinated foundation, working together the community management agencies home and abroad, making full use scientific and technological innovation bring new applications serve users and facilitate enterprises driving force introduce more industries share enterprises, and international first-class shared ecology built the direction national policy and under the guidance industry regulators. for the vision sharechain, hope that international sharing enterprise alliance, through project construction integrating advanced blockchain technology, sharing economic philosophy, efficient interconnection mode cooperation achieve the giant comparable with traditional internet personal information security industry. for example: sesame credit and other enterprises the representatives the world-class sharing ecology. sharechain follow-up plan sharechain follow-up plan arrangement: the sharechain planned set china, and the self-discipline the industry will ensured and the supervision will welcomed! the near future, the sharechain team and the zero team will jointly organize the "the launch zero rental and blockchain application" press conference. the company will add the sharechain technology ground promotion, accelerate its launch alipay's credit life, and place advertisements alipay increase the popularity. continue promote cooperation with sharing enterprises, that the sharechain will have more voice and influence this area. will contact the overseas blockchain exchange and actively promote the sharechain online plan enhance the international influence the sharechain. after launching the exchange, sharechain team and foundation will persevere the depth development sharechain technology, the same time maintaining the harmonious development the ecological chain, and continuously increasing access shared applications. conclusion sharechain introduces the concept sharing industry data, setting the economic industry the starting point for the prominent problems, use blockchain the underlying technology, through multiple applications sss sharechain ecology, encouraging users participate the sharechain ecology. allow the sharing enterprise attract more high-quality and high-loyalty users and more accurate data; through credit analysis and blockchain information encryption technology ensure the safety users information optimize the user experience; through big data sharing mechanism the sharing enterprise database, and intelligent technical analysis the data, produces accurate user reports, user ratings, life scenes and the applicable business model achieve the high-quality user experience, enhancing the accuracy enterprise coverage user groups, greatly optimizing the overall operation structure the sharing enterprise, reducing the overall operating costs enterprises solve the prominent problems sharing economy industry. the sharechain team and foundation the future will continue create sharechain based economic industry. provide more sharing datum for sharing economy, that more shared applications will accessed and more datum will exchanged efficient and convenient way. the sharechain will connected more well-known sharing applications, that sharing economic industry practitioners will participate and maintain the sharechain. sharechain vivid case which blockchain and sharing economic industry are combined, will establish model for the healthy development blockchain industry. the future, the sharechain will have subversive impact the sharing economic industry, and consequent bring revolutionary changes!