financial markets protocol investment whitepaper sharpe capital ltd all rights reserved last updated: the sharpe platform token: shp contents introduction sharpe capital financial markets protocol sharpe capital investment platform sharpe capital product revenue streams token dynamics shp: sharpe platform token shp pre-sale kyc: data collection token liquidity using the bancor network protocol trustless trading ledger examples applications infrastructure 'on chain' features 'off-chain' cloud architecture the sharpe investment platform quantitative trading model consistency analysis: data triangulation portfolio manager other core model components initial ml-driven proof concept crowd-sourced sentiment platform incentive provide sentiment proof-of-reputation proof-of-stake proof-of-work calculating service fees for sentiment providers the sharpe platform application community and corporate governance democracy-based governance: motion tabling and voting consensus-based community fund governance list figures corporate structure regulatory oversight budgeting finance considerations the sharpe capital team core team advisory board next steps translation notice white paper purpose appendices backtesting table trades tls smart contract list figures figure figure figure figure figure figure figure figure figure shp token exchange dynamics 'off-chain' cloud architecture quantitative trading model overview forecasting with microeconomic fundamentals metaphorical frames impact cognition network analysis: s&p network topology network clustering: fund diversification backtesting results proposed budget table pre-sale discounts table positions taken portfolio manager backtest table positions taken portfolio manager backtest list tables table table table list tables abstract this white paper describes the sharpe capital financial markets protocol and investment platform. the sharpe capital investment platform brings together multitude novel innovations smart contracts, quantitative trading, machine learning, linguistic analysis and artificial intelligence. principally, are issuing sharpe platform tokens (shp). shp provides proof-of-stake that permits platform participants earn service fees eth exchange for providing sentiment toward global equities and blockchain assets through our web and mobile platforms. users are rewarded with service fees proportion the accuracy the sentiment they provide, utilising proof-of-reputation mechanism. the sentiment data collected complemented with array natural language processing (nlp) strategies for performing linguistic analysis, including automated sentiment, emotional response, and contextual frame analysis. these novel approaches understanding market dynamics, both equity markets and blockchain assets, have been developed collaboration with scientists leading academic institutions. together, these data provide valuable source insight for hedge funds, asset managers and private participants, and therefore valuable revenue stream through the sale these insights. sharpe capital has developed proprietary, automated quantitative trading algorithm driven hybrid machine learning and artificial intelligence model, bringing together microeconomic fundamentals, macroeconomic data, real-time world events, crowd-sourced market sentiment and nlp-driven linguistic analysis, into overarching model capable managing robust, high alpha portfolio across various asset classes. sharpe capital will operate proprietary investment fund operating much like automated enhanced index fund further generate revenue support the shp community economy. the proof-of-stake metric allows infer the level confidence that platform participants have the sentiment they provide, which, when coupled with immutable proof-of-reputation stored the ethereum blockchain, permits weighting sentiment determine both the size service fees paid each user, and the level confidence place upon each sentiment indication received. through direct crowd-sourcing participant sentiment, can ensure our automated models continue capture human, affect-driven cognitive processes, addition microeconomic fundamentalist and linguistic analysis based asset value forecasting. this unlike prediction market there are losses for incorrect predictions, merely reduction the user's immutable reputation score, and consequently, the size future payments. likewise, consistently accurate users will increase their reputation, earning larger and larger payments exchange for their insight. shp also provides mechanism for hedge funds and institutional participants access our proprietary models, acting usage fee. utilising blockchain technology serves two additional purposes for sharpe capital: create decentralised, 'trustless' immutable trade ledger, such that any individual can view all our previous trades and fund performance with absolute confidence. this eliminates any dependency trust for fund disbursement, and any possibility fund manipulation institutional individual level; permit unrivalled community governance using both consensus-based and democratic votebased governance models enabling the community shp owners determine the direction sharpe capital's future. the sharpe financial markets protocol aims describe new gold standard for hedge fund management, leveraging blockchain technology provide low barrier entry, continuous liquidity, anti-corruption protections, international access and optimal risk-adjusted returns. our longer term goal, therefore, develop the sharpe crypto-derivative (scd) token, subject necessary approvals. this first-inclass token creates the foundations for solid link between blockchain assets and the global economy, and will ultimately provide possible payment dividends participants. through our community governance structure, which shp holders have the right table and vote motions which guide the direction sharpe list tables capital, ultimately aim deliver suite investment products with various risk profiles and across multiple asset classes, including blockchain assets. the timeline for scd issuance independent crowd-sale will held for the issuance scd tokens, from which the proceeds will directly invested using our proprietary trading technology. light the many corrupt ethically questionable practices the industry, leading disasters such the collapse barings bank and the $bn loss ubs due single rogue trader, are making the technology underpinning our financial markets protocol freely available for any corporation fund use internationally. our grand vision eliminate corruption global financial markets while still protecting each individual corporation's proprietary information. this technology permits any institution instantly audited any member the public regulatory body. ultimately, the financial markets protocol demonstrates how we, society, can eliminate financial malpractice our lifetime through widespread adoption sharpe trustless ledger service technology, putting end 'man-made' economic disasters, and help stabilise global economies; ultimately, for the benefit all people. the shp pre-sale begins november and the crowd-sale begins november utc, with maximum raise $mm equivalent eth. shp provides platform participants with the right earn eth service fees for their market insight across many asset classes, proportion the amount shp held. shp enables the community vote the creation new funds, the development new products, and changes other aspects such service fees paid and capital allocation. shp will continuously liquid, directly convertible eth without the requirement counter-party. introduction introduction the stock market fundamentally driven two forces. the first quantitative, dictated the efficient market hypothesis, that asset's trading market value intrinsically linked the microeconomic performance the asset. the logic behind this driving force simple almost trivial that the collective action every trader taking position asset will encapsulate all information about that asset, thus driving equilibrium reflecting its true value. however, traders not take positions based their belief asset's price. traders not take positions based their belief asset's future price, either. traders take positions based their perception what other traders believe about asset's future performance. this nuance leads the second force responsible for determining price action stocks: participant sentiment. investor sentiment, whether rational irrational, causes asset's market trading value deviate from its 'intrinsic' value determined fundamentalist microeconomic indicators. that is, trading fundamentally driven human decision-making based individual traders' beliefs, perception and confidence levels. this concept, driven concepts social cognition and further informed ideas from andrew lo's 'adaptive market hypothesis', illustrates that traditional quantitative trading models alone are unlikely provide robust, high-yield portfolio. when viewed through the lens traders' cognitive processes, behavioural observations often attributed irrationality, such 'loss aversion', can seen rational [], learned emotive affect-driven behaviour that serves prioritize the minimisation losses the cost proportion potential gains []. beyond the realm fundamentalist economics, interpreting participant sentiment rooted human biology, described cognitive behavioural neuroscience, and mathematics, described decision theory. investor sentiment reflects the emotive component decision-making trading, and causes market prices deviate from their 'intrinsic' value according participants' perception what their competitors' beliefs and perceptions are asset. quantitative and automated trading algorithms are not immune sentiment, these models are developed, parameterised and calibrated human minds, containing implicit assumptions regarding acceptable risk profiles, implied volatility, and may contain irrational assumptions about how markets behave. build and maintain portfolio that well-hedged with optimal risk-adjusted returns, both these driving forces price action have taken into consideration []. therefore, our quantitative trading model aims unite these two market forces order develop truly robust portfolio management system that effectively hedges risk provide risk-adjusted returns that consistently outperform the market. the recent leaps and bounds made the fields machine learning, artificial intelligence, quantitative modelling, and 'big data' create new avenue for automated trading models that not simply take advantage short-term momentum price action, opening and closing positions within minutes even seconds, but rather, permit sophisticated system checks and balances, able perceive multiple potentialities humans and determine level confidence prediction and position. the creation such system the guiding principle behind our model development efforts, and the basis upon which have established our fund. introduction the sharpe platform, supported issuance shp cryptotokens, achieves this developing models that capture the complex relationships between microeconomic asset data and its market value using state-of-the-art machine learning technology, together with the ability assess its own perceptions current market behaviour whole through independent incorporation two sources participant sentiment analysis. are able obtain measure participant sentiment using proof-of-stake and proofof-reputation crowdsourcing system that rewards users for providing useful sentiment making service fee payments eth, exchanging their insight for cryptocurrency. shp serves additional, important role providing access our proprietary sentiment data and trading platform, which utilises shp charge fees for access our 'off-chain' cloud-based components, similar the concept 'gas' the ethereum platform. sharpe capital financial markets protocol the sharpe capital financial markets protocol aims the new gold standard for hedge funds, providing for entirely decentralised, communitygoverned organisation which key governance decisions are made the community through both consensus-based and democratic votes, managed entirely using blockchain technology trustless manner. the protocol includes the sharpe trustless ledger service (tls), described section and our community governance model, described section sharpe capital investment platform the sharpe capital investment platform consists new form quantitative trading model utilising the latest advancements economic theory and cognitive science, integrated with advanced statistical and machine learning analysis microeconomic, macroeconomic, participant sentiment and news/social media emotional content analysis. this permits the development high 'alpha' fund aiming achieve significantly better riskadjusted returns than tracker funds. the sections predominantly concerned with describing the investment platform are section discussing development the quantitative trading model itself, and section describing how will crowd-source sentiment using the ethereum blockchain, and paying eth contributors exchange for their insight. sharpe capital product revenue streams across the sharpe capital investment platform and financial markets protocol, there are key revenue streams, for redistribution the community sharpe platform users, and ultimately, for the issuance securitized tokens. the key revenue streams for sharpe capital are follows: return investment from operating the sharpe capital proprietary investment fund (section sale crowd-sourced sentiment data-feed, obtained using proof-ofstake, reputation and work, reward-based system (section profits derived from access real-time data-feeds from our unique approach linguistic analysis incorporating the latest insights from cognitive behavioural science, psychology, and decision theory (section introduction consultancy fees for implementation internal auditing tools and private enterprise-grade blockchain solutions hedge funds and corporate clients, based our 'trustless ledger service' (section further diversification permitted under our consensus-based and democratic vote-based 'community governance' model, outlined section token dynamics token dynamics this section introduces the issuance distribution dynamics the sharpe platform token, shp. the main crowd-sale event will take place november utc for the purchase shp. the total supply shp circulation will remain constant following the initial crowd-sale: there will further minting (creation) shp once the token generation event ends. shp: sharpe platform token the sharpe platform token, shp, will issued during our token crowd-sale event, starting november and available purchase discount our pre-sale period, starting november th, utc. shp will serve the primary purpose supporting the sharpe capital crowd-sourced sentiment platform, described section owners shp will have the right, but not obligation, provide sentiment analysis about variety financial instruments, via our web and mobile applications. service fees will paid sentiment holders eth, proportion the quality the sentiment they provide and the amount shp owned (proof-of-stake). this will automatically managed smart contracts. additionally, the core sharpe capital investment platform will expose set apis and services for analysing and developing quantitative trading models, which plan sell the hedge fund industry exchange for shp. summary, shp confers the following core rights their owners: access the many services and apis that comprise the sharpe capital investment platform, for the purpose analysing and developing quantitative trading models, paying access fees using shp. create and vote motions regarding the creation new funds, capital allocation, service fee payments through our community governance structure. earn service fees, distributed eth, exchange for market sentiment toward global equities and blockchain assets, provided via our web and mobile applications. shp exchange dynamics: crowd-sale sharpe platform tokens (shp) will issued the rate shp per eth. this rate will remain constant throughout the duration the token generation event, 'crowd-sale'. upon completion the crowd-sale, more shp will minted. the hard-cap for shp generation, including presale, $,,, pegged eth time prior launch the presale event november th. the public crowd-sale will begin november utc. have implemented 'dynamic ceilings' developed status gmbh ensure decentralised distribution shp (maximum contribution per person not excess during the crowdsale). this important the integrity the voting and consensus-based community governance models discussed section further the shp issued the contributor per eth, additional shp will held reserve for future fund raising, and readers are referred the article status 'dynamic ceilings' https://goo.gl/pxwkau token dynamics shp distributed sharpe capital and community members fund future platform development. the reserve funds will non-transferable for months, and subsequently dynamically vest over period months. will utilising reserves via the bancor protocol provide continuous liquidity for both the purchase and sale shp, discussed section below. figure sharpe platform token exchange dynamics: token sale participants will receive shp per eth, with allocated sharpe capital, and vesting reserve fund. this results total shp being minted per eth received during the token sale period shp will distributed three ethereum addresses upon receipt ether; these are defined below: contributor address shp per eth) trustee smart contract address shp per eth) sharpe multisig smart contract address shp per eth) the trustee smart contract used manage vesting grants. eth with vesting periods applied sent the trustee smart contract. grants can set up, which permit the recipient claim eth according defined cliff and vesting duration. the following vesting grants are applied the sharpe capital trustee smart contract (on per eth basis): team community: shp month cliff year vesting period reserve fund: shp month cliff year vesting period allocation shp per eth will immediately liquid pay for bounty services received sharpe capital prior the crowd-sale. this shp will sent the sharpe multi-sig smart contract address. shp pre-sale the shp pre-sale will live days before the shp crowd-sale. this will open participants making sizeable contributions, and discounts will offered proportion the size the contribution being made. the pre-sale will start monday november utc, with the discounts described table automatically applied. payments eth must submitted during our pre-sale window and shp will issued when the crowd-sale goes live. white-list registered contributors will able participate for the first hours the sale only. token dynamics table table pre-sale discounts deposit (usd nominal) minimum maximum token discount eth received during the pre-sale will locked multi-signatory smart contract address until the token crowd-sale concludes, and will available upon conclusion the pre-sale permit rapid mobilisation prior platform launch december will enforce hardcap the pre-sale usd, pegged eth prior november and published the sharpe capital website. the maximum contribution from individual participant during the pre-sale equivalent. kyc: data collection prior contribution, will require participants provide name, address and telephone number. participants will asked confirm they are not resident singapore china. additionally participants are citizens, their primary domicile within the us, they will asked confirm they are accredited participants. token liquidity using the bancor network protocol will issue tokens leveraging the bancor network provide instant liquidity shp, without requiring the use traditional exchange-based mechanisms. are currently discussions with the bancor team, working determine the optimal approach determine the optimal currency reserve, virtual reserve and constant reserve ratio values strike the ideal balance between liquidity and permitting shp price movement via the bancor protocol. section describes our budget allocations, including reserve allocated for continuous liquidity and user service fees. are the process developing monte carlo trading simulator with the aim determining the optimal allocation reserve funds and liquidity rate for shp. this will take the form dynamic function, with the final value dependent the raise achieved upon conclusion the shp crowd-sale. the bancor protocol provides convertibility and built-in liquidity tokens issued through the bancor network utilising unique price discovery mechanism. this achieved through the use 'reserve' currency balances, permitting smart tokens, such shp, traded without requiring counterparty, exchange, any the risks associated with these token exchange mechanisms. the price discovery mechanism ensures 'network effect' among tokens traded through the bancor protocol, collectively supporting the value all tokens utilising the network. read more about the bancor network protocol https://www.bancor.network/. trustless trading ledger trustless trading ledger smart contract enforced transparency ensure investor confidence core component the sharpe capital financial markets protocol our trustless ledger service for investment and asset trading (tls). this underpins our investment activity global equity markets, and creates immutable record our profit and loss account real-time. our ledger implemented with ethereum smart contract, which detailed this section and visible our public github page the ethereum blockchainhosted tls may adopted anybody through suite methods the smart contract, opening for use any organisation involved asset management and investment. have extended use the public tls free charge drive further transparency this sector, and expect that crowd-sale participants other investment-related blockchain funds, and eventually participants funds generally, will begin demand its utilisation other blockchain-related investment funds. the key mechanism maintaining trading ledger service that trustless, incorruptible and protects sensitive data, such currently open positions, the addition trades the public ledger when they are opened, with sensitive position details encrypted via rsa public key cryptography. the following information encrypted upon addition the public ledger: open price stop price limit price ticker symbol stock exchange symbol the profit and loss each position updated daily, providing up-todate account all investments our portfolio, immutably recorded the blockchain for anyone see. when position closed, the rsa key pair used encrypt the sensitive information will released the blockchain, such that anyone viewing our public record can decrypt the information and verify its integrity the time publishing. current and historical equity points and leverage utilisation recorded unencrypted permit real-time monitoring fund performance any individual. were edit position details after publish them the tls, whether institutional level due 'rogue' team member, this would visible anyone viewing the ethereum blockchain, and the world would see any malpractice taking place. maintaining ledger this nature creates truly trustless relationship between the sharpe capital proprietary fund and its stakeholders. this trustlessness provides important element the intrinsic value sharpe capital-issued tokens, all participants can entirely certain that are operating legitimately and always their best interests. light such scandals and fraudulent activity, regulators, policy makers, researchers and economists have proposed various models for reducing risk. for example, chang proposed internal computerization systems for derivative management. alternative approach, hornuf suggested that 'behavioural designs' could serve mitigate risk through creation social and physical environments that diminish propensity commit fraudulent acts. the tls proposed sharpe capital incorporates elements from such proposals, relying blockchain-driven https://github.com/sharpe-capital trustless trading ledger computerised system eliminate the possibility undetected fraud, with the public aspect the ledger enforcing social conditions not conducive even attempting such acts fraud and deception. detailed description our tls implementation can found section examples applications better illustrate the platform the sharpe tls, will consider series real-life use cases and provide examples how the application this technology would have prevented various scandals and crises within financial institutions. will consider examples fraud and malpractice that have occurred the past, for example, the collapse barings bank [], and we'll look ethically questionable practises that are still operation today []. ultimately, present convincing argument that our platform would have prevented some the biggest scandals finance the last years, and paves the way toward improved ethical and moral standards within the finance sector the future. these use cases illustrate just handful near innumerable scandals the sector, their prevalence being significant that wexler proposed theory grounded social psychology explain the abundance rogue trading activity financial institutions, whereby individuals are incentivised their environments commit such acts []. the following use cases describe how such incentives are eliminated our trustless ledger service. use case nick leeson barings bank arguably one the biggest scandals the century was the collapse barings bank established and brought its knees the unauthorised actions single individual. barings bank collapsed result unauthorised trading nick leeson []. was tasked with arbitraging futures, seeking profit from differences prices the nikkei futures contract across the osaka securities exchange and the singapore international monetary exchange. however, instead buying one market and selling immediately another, held onto positions gambling the future direction the markets, against the knowledge his superiors. the time the bank collapsed, leeson's unauthorised trading had amassed losses million (gbp), twice the bank's available trading capital. leeson managed hide the losses from his superiors london altering the branch's error account known infamously the "five-eights account". simple demonstrate how immutable, decentralised trading ledger, accessible and verifiable the entire world, demand via dedicated web platform, would have prevented this catastrophe from happening. leeson would have been required record his 'buy' orders with one exchange, and 'sell' orders with another, the public trading ledger realtime for anyone see. would only required release information about the trades post-execution, all sensitive information would encrypted. this would have rendered the dishonest maintenance the account impossible, accounting and reconciliation would have been decentralised and immune from unseen manipulation. simply one anomaly the accounting his practise would have been flagged superiors trustless trading ledger within matter days occurring. instead leeson managed keep his dishonest actions for staggering duration over two-years []. this used extreme example, ultimately ended the demise bank that had been existence for over centuries, but this problem that has yet solved the capital markets sector. only six years ago, ubs announced that had lost billion (usd) scandal involving kweku adoboli's unauthorised trading []. use case dark pools dark pools are private forums which institutional participants buy and sell securities without recording transaction details until while after the trade has been fulfilled. these are form market manipulation beneficial institutional and accredited participants within the pool, permits execution large securities transactions with delayed impact market movements []. however, this the detriment the market whole, because order flow information hidden and the market longer transparent prices execution are kept secret until much later, leading increased market inefficiency and confounding the price discovery process []. the sharpe capital financial markets protocol tls represents big leap forward transparency within financial markets, and sets excellent example ethical practises and honesty within the sector. all trade execution prices are logged immutably and immediately our public trading ledger real-time, such that any changes the future would known the entire world. this information considered sensitive and encrypted whilst the position 'open'. however, once the position closed and the decryption keys are released automatically through smart contract, observers the ethereum blockchain would able verify that the price execution consistent with public records for the security question the time the trade. this discourages the use dark pools more funds and institutions adopt our platform, and the transparency enforces becomes widespread throughout the financial services industry. any attempted use dark pools sharpe capital, other adopters our trustless ledger technology, rendered impractical would disadvantageous log different prices the ledger those obtained within the dark pool, which cannot modified 'hacked' the institution question due the immutable nature blockchain records. such discrepancies would very quickly flagged the trustless ledger platform, alerting participants the manipulation. use case insider trading this section addresses longer-term goal the trustless ledger service, achievable once critical mass adoption has taken place. financial regulatory bodies such the sec (united states) fca (united kingdom) would have single point-of-entry analyse trading patterns real-time without any requirement for institutions reveal sensitive information such their currently open positions. while certainly ambitious proposal, expect that clients and participants the capital markets sector will ultimately demand the adoption trustless ledger technology, there are good arguments not so. indeed, blockchain technology becomes better understood and embraced regulatory authorities, could one day mandatory. all sensitive trustless trading ledger and proprietary information cryptographically protected, the only motivation not adopt trustless system would participate fraudulent, manipulative otherwise unethical trading practices that ultimately act the detriment retail participants and clients financial institutions. use case private tls for internal auditing addition the sharpe tls being available for investment companies, also possible for organisations such hedge funds adopt private implementation for internal auditing and governance purposes. raise additional capital for development the sharpe capital core products and funds, will offer private blockchain implementations for financial institutions with customised web-based front-ends with automated analytics and account reconciliation. infrastructure infrastructure key feature that makes the sharpe capital digital token sale unique, when compared similar companies utilising the 'ico' model ('initial coin offerings') the past year which generate revenue, part, through proprietary investment activities, our novel combination off-chain and on-chain systems and architecture, redefining how capital investment funds should operate. recognise that the power blockchain-based applications the trustlessness provided through decentralisation and having 'central authority'. however, also recognise that truly leverage the power the blockchain and decentralisation, start-ups must learn how combine their smart contract implementations with more traditional "off-chain" systems and applications. widely accepted that code must succinct and efficient suitable for execution decentralised blockchain. the first implementation blockchain technology had very simple purpose bitcoin simply stores immutable ledger financial transactions with central authority. with the advent ethereum, have the power perform more complex computation, and build sophisticated applications that leverage the decentralised nature blockchain technology. however, find ourselves constantly grappling with the trade-off between the power can leverage through the fundamental benefits blockchain technology (namely, trustlessness, immutability and decentralisation) and the significant cost executing more complicated applications and algorithms distributed blockchain compared the utilisation cloud architecture, such the amazon web service cloud platform. sharpe capital, have been faced with particularly complex challenges this area. the nature our modelling and investment algorithms, such that require immense amounts computational power analyse millions data points order determine optimal fund allocation through our predictive modelling tools. this cannot efficiently performed blockchain application least all ethereum, the transaction costs would diminish even negate any returns. this presented with interesting challenge, determine which features our investment platform would suitable for smart contracts, and which should built traditional cloud-based applications. integrating extremely intensive computational models with blockchain technology trustless, decentralised manner therefore presents particularly complex challenges. the following section will provide overview the applications built 'on-chain' (executed the ethereum blockchain using solidity) versus offchain (implemented our proprietary cloud architecture, with 'trustless link' on-chain activity), discussing the rationale behind our decisions and the benefits offered the users our platform. finally, will conclude with high-level explanation the verification process plan implement, which will prove that off-chain activity has occurred stated beyond reasonable level doubt. 'on chain' features token minting distribution described section the minting, distribution and transferring tokens will executed the ethereum blockchain. infrastructure trustless trading ledger: enforcing honesty ensuring investor confidence our trustless trading ledger (tls), described section built using ethereum smart contract. the service available for use anyone with access the ethereum blockchain through execution smart contract methods, either manually described section through web-based tool presently under development. the tls not limited proving the 'trustlessness' just the sharpe capital fund available anyone who wishes provide trustless investment fund both protect against 'rogue' activity and inspire confidence participants. will register trades our public ledger from micro-services running within our cloud-hosted, offchain infrastructure. are developing public 'ledger explorer', permitting any internet user monitor, audit and verify the activity occurring our tls with ease. sentiment crowdsourcing platform the crowd-sourced sentiment platform (described section and reputation scoring that feeds into our investment modelling, and provides service fees shp holders exchange for accurate sentiment indications, implemented and maintained through smart contract the ethereum blockchain well. this creates immutable track record the sentiment provided specific shp holder, such that reputation scores cannot manipulated 'trick' our reward-system into paying excess undue service fees, nor possible for service fees due not paid this too enforced the smart contract. with the tls, are building web-based platform and mobile app for the sentiment analysis reputation scoring platform. 'off-chain' cloud architecture have chosen leverage the power amazon web services (aws) for our off-chain architecture. amazon provides large number fullymanaged, scalable, cost-effective services, enabling maintain lowcost base and operate highly agile manner. key distinguishing factor between sharpe capital and many traditional investment funds, aside from our novel approach quantitative, sentiment cognitive-behavioural modelling market movement, and our tls, that will constantly strive operate leanly possible. this tech-driven, highly cost effective operating model, combined with consistent market-beating returns, permits deliver the highest return possible our participants, service fees sentiment providers, and cost savings for users our bespoke modelling tools (wherein usage costs are shared shp, operating similar manner 'gas' ethereum for transaction processing/computation execution). the aws cloud architecture are utilising outlined figure infrastructure figure overview our highly cost efficient cloud architecture utilising aws provide sufficient computational resources execute our complex trading models. auto-scaling groups auto-scaling groups are clusters servers, which share similar characteristics for the purposes scaling and management. possible scale groups according time-schedules, memory utilization, cpu consumption and much more. they can provisioned scaled on-demand and destroyed when longer needed. are using auto-scaling groups ensure our internal systems can handle effectively infinite load, and provide our financial modelling with extremely powerful yet highly cost-efficient computational resources. big data storage management: nosql databases the volume data required for the sharpe capital investment modelling significantly exceeds amounts that can cost-efficiently stored traditional relational databases (rdbms) such mysql. aws provide fullymanaged nosql database called dynamodb, which low-cost, infinitely scalable, fully-redundant and extremely fast. are leverage dynamodb store all our historical macro and microeconomic data, going back over years for assets. currently we're storing approximately data, with million records per table. this represents only the data plan store, and will need efficiently query, when the sharpe capital investment platform fully operational. setting the right foundations from the start, will avoid complex data migrations later date. expand our investment platform, will incorporate data from all major asset-classes globally. asynchronous messaging we're using the amazon simple queue service (sqs) transport data between our cloud-hosted microservices. sqs fully-managed message queueing system that makes easy decouple and scale applications and distributed systems. run number important background processes ensure our historical data kept up-to-date, execute and test investment infrastructure models and monitor our live investment strategies. most these processes can execute independently and asynchronously: sqs enables build highly scalable, massively parallel, non-blocking applications that satisfy our back-office requirements. serverless architecture our externally hosted services, such the sharpe capital public website and platform api are hosted using 'serverless' architecture. serverless architecture enables microservices 'spun-up' demand, meaning only pay host our applications when there demand for them. amazon monitors http traffic and only deploys our applications for the duration needed service incoming requests. ensuring trustless off-chain activity essential the operation our proprietary investment fund, the fact that distribution service fees shp holders, and eventually dividends holders our crypto-derivative tokens, are trustless and immune from manipulation. this partially solved logging our trades immutably the ethereum blockchain real-time. however, because many our investments are largely focussed global equity markets, will need liquidate the eth raised during crowd-sale usd and other 'functional currency' (fiat) carry out our investment activity. this creates undesirable level trust that the balances held "off-chain" accounts are currently intact, and the funds have not been misappropriated. would possible for the sharpe team liquidate usd, log record "fake" investments the tls, and take-off with the funds. therefore, trustless solution necessary. this trust can only eliminated verifying that 'off-chain' balances are consistent with the information stored the blockchain. let's assume that hold usd eth 'account (on the ethereum blockchain) and usd 'off-chain' bank account for investment purposes. after three months, we've recorded open positions the tls, with total leverage and collateral (at margin). this means can freely transfer between functional currency and cryptocurrency, with effectively locked away off-chain for our open positions (trades). clearly, with traditional investment funds (and various blockchain-driven funds), there large degree trust involved the arbiter 'off-chain capital' effectively operating central authority. propose remove the trust created this situation periodically moving the 'free' capital that declared our tls into eth and back out again. this will prove the community that the available funds reconcile with the information stored the ledger, and that they were available any given point time. begin liquidate open positions, our profit and loss account will change, this will subsequently cause the capital fluctuate over time, steadily increasing begin turn profit. this information will stored the blockchain, and the transactions our 'free' capital in-andout the eth will consistently reconcile with the tls data. this solution does not come without its drawbacks. moving funds from 'functional currency' eth, and back again, will diminish returns slightly through the cost 'gas' and exchange transaction fees. the proposed transactions will large, and will negotiate favourable rates with reliable exchange. this will mitigate some extent the effect has roi the infrastructure fund. mitigate this reduction roi, will carry out this reconciliation action once per quarter, thereby proving the fund status and activity described the tls genuine. will include mechanism our smart contracts, permitting shp holders table motion carry out this reconciliation more frequently should additional 'proof-of-capital' required. the community votes with simple majority approve the ad-hoc reconciliation request, then will reconcile the funds described maximum once per month. believe this approach balances our good intent prove that are using the 'off-chain' funds honest and transparent way, with the interests the community held the highest regard, build and maintain 'trust-through-trustlessness' with sharpe capital token owners all times. the sharpe investment platform quantitative trading model the sharpe investment platform quantitative trading model this section provides overview the quantitative modelling approach sharpe capital will utilise determine investments. discuss the grounding our model economic theory and cognitive sciences, and provide brief overview the core technologies are utilising and how are combining them derive accurate price forecasts and asset data streams. this platform was conceived sharpe capital's chief investment officer, james butler phd collaboration with ceo lewis barber, with additional contributions across our core team and advisory board. butler holds position research fellow the university oxford, and has years doctoral and post-doctoral research delivering novel approaches the development robust, fit-for-purpose predictive models the intersection complex systems analysis, traditional statistics, data science, and machine learning. further development the core concept, particularly relating the portfolio manager, was contributed barber, who holds extensive experience consulting for global investment banks developing fault-tolerant engineering solutions. the development novel approaches linguistic analysis, that goes beyond traditional 'sentiment analysis' but looks evaluate expected 'participant response' consumed media cognitive-behavioural level, supported leading linguist and anthropologist, mieke vandenbroucke phd, fulbright scholar and visiting researcher the university california, berkeley. overview the entire quantitative trading model provided figure each the components this model are discussed more detail below. introduced section the investment strategy utilised the model underpinned the notion that asset prices are driven two forces. the first these the tendency for asset prices move towards their 'intrinsic' value through the equilibria achieved from supply-demand curves, based the collective opinions very many traders participants that, and large, have access the same microeconomic data relating each asset. this market force essentially that described the efficient market hypothesis [], however, the efficient market hypothesis not the whole story []: fails take participant sentiment, emotional responses, and decision theory, into account these effects result market that not entirely efficient, thus permitting utilisation the understanding these effects investment strategies develop 'edge' over the market whole. the second these two forces therefore essentially acknowledgement the role cognitive bias, behavioural psychology, emotion and sentiment human decision-making. the latter force causes asset prices fluctuate and largely responsible for observed volatility the stock market. described shull [], the "real game" trading not investing based one's beliefs asset's price some point the future, but one's beliefs what other other traders, average, believe the market will do. belief formation has been shown have crucial role market behaviour, and research shows that established beliefs investment are resistant change following reception new data [], leading confirmatory bias. put another way, traders are constantly attempting pre-empt each others' decisions, perceptions and beliefs when taking positions the market, leading volatility and short-term 'irrational' deviations asset prices. the sharpe investment platform quantitative trading model figure the sharpe capital quantitative trading model: high-level summary our next-generation model that incorporates fundamentalist analysis with multiple machine learning models, automated linguistic analysis (sentiment, emotion, contextual framing), integrated using our proprietary 'consistency analysis' algorithm provide both forecasts and confidence levels. these are subsequently evaluated ai-driven portfolio manager determine the optimal positions take given available capital, using network analysis ensure proper diversification across dissimilar assets. should noted before moving forward that, parts, this section somewhat technical times for the benefit the interested reader. while generally described high level, aspects this description are targeted those with background investments, quantitative modelling and complex systems analysis. consistency analysis: data triangulation the core the automated trading model propose this section 'consistency analysis'. essence, this takes forecasts derived from multiple data sources and multiple approaches modelling price changes based those data, evaluating the consistency these predictions for each asset. the data sources utilised are principally: microeconomic indicators, presently obtained from quarterly reports. macroeconomic indicators, such commodity prices, employment levels, currency exchange rates and market sector indices. sentiment derived from analysis traditional news and social media channels using natural language processing (nlp), leveraging insights into language perception from the latest research linguistics and cognition. the sharpe investment platform quantitative trading model crowd-sourced sentiment obtained via the ethereum blockchain, for which will pay participants service fees based the accuracy their indications the resulting triangulation these data sources allows the model provide measure 'confidence' each forecast made. that is, notably different outcomes are predicted each individual approach, relative the differences the set predictions for all other assets, the consistency analysis will indicate 'low' relative confidence score (rcs). the multiple data sources and prediction methods are much more aligned, the analysis will indicate 'high' rcs. midas: manifold driven asset scoring the consistency analysis described this section proprietary development sharpe capital, the following represents brief overview the methodology utilised produce 'rcs' (relative confidence score), and discusses the reasoning behind its utilisation. the aim consistency analysis is, essence, produce number between and for every asset forecast produced the model; this the rcs. order determine relative confidence, the consistency predictions for specific asset must considered relative the consistency predictions for all other assets. the dataset that the consistency analysis operates over can described matrix where are assets and are predictions. each prediction for each asset may then represented data points within m-dimensional manifold. use dimensionality reduction techniques allow the relative similarity predictions visualised plane. clustering analysis performed this representation the manifold then permits rank the similarity predictions for each asset based how well clustered they are. feature scaling can then applied convert these rankings into rcs. can further enhance the platform rcs through integration our linguistic analysis media sources, including: sentiment analysis, blockchain-driven crowd-sourced sourced sentiment, emotional response analysis, and contextual frame analysis predict participant response consumed media. this can provide not only measure confidence the prediction, but indication whether prediction more likely too low too high, effectively resulting prediction, confidence score, and 'direction' prediction for each asset the model. the rcs can viewed abstraction participant 'gut instinct' 'anxiety' with respect specific forecasts, essentially emotional responses that drive participant decision-making. now well established that emotion, affect, are fundamental part the human decision-making process [], and that these serve protect participants against loss therefore, through the midas algorithm, are able recreate models cognitive processes that shape human participants' decision-making. portfolio manager the artificially intelligent portfolio manager responsible for managing the execution trades global equity markets. our quantitative modelling ultimately provides list highly accurate future price predictions for thousands assets over multiple time horizons. the portfolio manager (pm) optimises the execution trades based these predictions, whilst minimising risk and net exposure order maximise risk-adjusted returns. the sharpe investment platform quantitative trading model addition future priced predictions, the portfolio manager relies forward-looking volatility (also known implied volatility), which derived from current option prices over different time horizons. this volatility gives our decent understanding the magnitude price movements expected asset over specific future time period. explain how this useful information for our portfolio manager, consider the following example: let assume today july and aapl trading with -day implied volatility our has price prediction for aapl september quick reconciliation the risk-reward ratio this position suggests that good trading opportunity has been identified. the maximum downside over the next days can approximated whilst the upside over the market were correct within the implied volatility first, would still looking highly profitable trade, with good risk-reward, provided our price forecast accurate within reasonable margin error. midas provides confidence score for predictions, can sure preferentially use predictions with the model's confidence (rcs) the prediction providing indication. our portfolio manager constantly analyses implied volatility, current price and price predictions for thousands assets every day, determining how structure the most well-balanced portfolio long short positions, based the confidence score each individual price prediction and the size the risk-reward ratio that has been identified. other core model components this section outlines the role the additional components the quantitative trading model outlined figure improving forecast accuracy, reducing model over-fitting, and ensuring forecasts are most appropriately leveraged using our artificially intelligent portfolio manager and network analysis. machine learning machine learning (ml) its most fundamental level, can described computer pattern recognition and classification algorithms that improve they are exposed further examples, process known 'training' these are known supervised approaches. that say, the algorithms 'learn'. more recent developments 'unsupervised' machine learning aim stratify data based their relative similarity without 'training' requirement: key example being the sub-field 'manifold learning', which contributes largely the design the midas consistency analysis briefly outlined section ... describe the vast number approaches, algorithms and strategies that now exist the field beyond the scope this document. therefore, this section primarily concerned with evidencing previous success applications market trading, and presenting argument grounded economic and scientific theory that leverages these existing tools the manner described figure plan, however, preparing series blog posts describing our progress this area and providing further insight into sharpe's proprietary approaches the maximum extent possible without infringing the core intellectual property that makes the investment platform possible. some the technologies and algorithms that are key the aspect the quantitative trading model the sharpe investment platform quantitative trading model described herein include data flow graphs (conceptually similar artificial neural networks) using the tensorflow library [], adaptive boosting [], perceptron maps [], and manifold learning-based techniques such the t-stochastic nearest neighbours algorithm (tsne) addition, optimise model parameters, both for models and for the portfolio manager, are developing multi-objective optimisation methods such 'evolutionary algorithms' that aim identify optimal values model maximise given set 'fitness functions' (in our case, the fitness functions would primarily most accurate forecasts and most effective use these forecasts terms maintaining high alpha/maximising riskadjusted returns). the beneficial application strategies financial trading has long since been established, applied optimising trade execution more specialised applications including forex trading [], futures trading [], bankruptcy prediction [], stock price forecasting [], and capital asset pricing models []. there are innumerable examples the scientific literature machine learning models out-performing 'traditional' regression models, and certainly many additional proprietary, unpublished ml-driven quantitative trading models utilised investment funds globally. ml-driven strategies for asset pricing, forecasting and automated trading have been developed accordance with various underlying economic strategies. these include principally models utilising 'technical analysis' (also known 'chartism' [], which posits that asset price trends tend follow repeatable and therefore identifiable patterns and often pays little-tono regard underlying economic fundamentals [], and models employing 'fundamentalist' analysis that focus economic indicators relating the assets underlying performance opposed previous price action. predictions derived from chartist viewpoint are typically over very short time frames, with very many positions being opened and closed each day, often being open for mere minutes. the nature fundamentalist analysis, assessing the longer term viability asset based its business performance and other macroeconomic factors, inherently more forward looking and returns greater roi per trade []. the process selecting the most appropriate subset data utilise ml-driven model known feature selection, this key process ensuring that models not 'overfit' 'training' data and are capable appropriately generalising unseen datasets []. leverage variety statistical and theoretical methods filter, combine and transform 'feature spaces' for the optimisation our models. sharpe capital's position these somewhat opposing market views essentially that over longer time horizons, assets price will generally reflect the microeconomic performance that asset, and that short-term trends 'momentum' price action arises from what has been traditionally been called '(irrational) participant sentiment'. however, based the various studies cognitive science, decision theory, behavioural psychology, etc., outlined within this paper, maintain that these local deviations price from asset's intrinsic value not result (just) irrationality, but is, fundamentally, due human cognitive processes decision-making with that mind, the sharpe capital investment platform does not incorporate historical price trends into its forecasting trading algorithms. instead, opt combine strategies founded upon the principles fundamentalist analysis the microeconomic and macroeconomic scales forecast perhaps the best non-technical literature espousing this market view shull the sharpe investment platform quantitative trading model figure machine learning models can employed understand the relationship between economic indicators input into the model, identifying persistent relationships between assets historical microeconomic indicators and asset price the following quarter. set price performance based underlying economic indicators, augmented with natural language processing (nlp) and ml-driven linguistic analyses that aim predict participant sentiment, emotional response, and cognitivebehavioural processes that are ultimately responsible for bullish bearish trends, and examples what would previously have been labelled 'irrational' behaviour within the market. our ml-based approaches asset price evaluation are not restricted any specific technique. our previous experience developing applications not just finance, but for the biotechnology and pharmaceutical sectors, the best results are derived from employing variety techniques complementary fashion. this philosophy what ultimately drove development the overarching platform outlined figure that highlevel schematic, multiple arrows can seen leave the 'machine learning' component, feeding into 'consistency analysis'. this reflects the utilisation multiple modelling methodologies which utilise different feature sets (asset microeconomic and macroeconomic variables). our research this area date suggests that simply averaging over multiple, distinct, mlgrounded asset forecasting models serves reduce the mean average error future price predictions/ this because, situations where one model predicts price that too high, often find that alternative models underpredicted. through the implementation midas and consistency analysis, are seeking take this several steps further, not merely taking average values, but evaluating how the similarity, and accuracy, different forecasting approaches changes over time. further incorporating results from automated, nlp-based linguistic analyses, discussed below, expect significantly improve the robustness our models. furthermore, described the 'early warning system' section, this combination multiple approaches (some well-established the scientific literature, some cutting edge, and some entirely novel) permits degree 'market perception' within the model, enabling alert human analysts when detects anomalous inconsistencies that unable reconcile into reliable trading decision. finally, worth noting that regional markets behave differently, particularly for emerging versus developed economies, that the relationship between microeconomic fundamentals and stock market asset prices does not necessarily hold between exchanges different countries the sharpe investment platform quantitative trading model our models are designed take these differences into account, both through adaptation the algorithms used based observed differences economic literature, and ensuring that distinct markets and asset classes are separately processed when training models. will also apply integrative approach that feeds into the 'consistency analysis' take advantage observed commonalities across international markets. linguistic analysis this section outlines the key forms linguistic analysis that are developing complement our economic fundamentalist approach quantitative trading models outlined above. the purpose including linguistic analysis news and social media feeds two-fold: anticipate market shocks that microeconomic indicators would not reveal time-efficient manner. determine market movements driven participant sentiment, emotional response, and the contextual framing that shapes participant cognitive processes, order pre-empt deviations asset's market value from its 'intrinsic' fundamentalism-informed value. sentiment analysis sentiment analysis describes wide range techniques that utilise nlp, and rules-based algorithms infer 'sentiment' social media (e.g. twitter, facebook forum discussions,), traditional news media (e.g. newspapers) and 'new' media (e.g. blog posts). there are wide variety existing sentiment analysis libraries available [], and there exists significant scientific literature the successful application these for anticipating market movements emotional content analysis emotional content analysis, its name implies, seeks infer the emotional content texts. has been established that emotional response drives decision-making []. therefore follows that decisions can, some extent, inferred from the likely emotional response following media consumption relation potential investment trade. the principles underpinning 'neuromarketing' are largely based determining emotional responses advertisements optimising marketing campaigns produce the desired emotional response target audience. corollary these findings that prediction emotional response from language use social and other media can form the basis for predicting the internal emotional state participants and could predictive the decisions they subsequently take. emotional content analysis differs from sentiment analysis that the seeks discover viewpoints opinions generally from text, whereas the latter seeks only infer the emotions expressed the text. believe that combination, these two techniques have the capacity significantly improve the accuracy well-established sentiment analysis methodologies. much the scientific literature this area based neuromarketing, however some research does exist understanding the role emotion and the stock market []. this emerging research area; mit have very recently developed algorithm capable inferring emotional content the sharpe investment platform quantitative trading model (specifically, sentiment, emotion and sarcasm) twitter messages utilising artificial neural network-based 'deep learning' approaches []. contextual frame analysis: predicting investor decision making contextual frame analysis, defined here, concept developed sharpe capital that aims provide enormous leap forward understanding participant decision-making cognitive level, going far beyond negative/positive word association-based sentiment analysis and emotional content analysis. this section provides very brief background frame analysis linguistic theory, and goes describe novel hypothesis for predicting, and even pre-empting, participant decisions. frames are cognitive constructs that relates networks related concepts ideas. frame analysis can therefore defined approach cognition that focuses upon understanding the organisation experience []. the sub-field frame semantics, often that the meaning word reader can only understood the context how the word forms part cognitive conceptual system []. the concept nlp-driven 'contextual frame analysis' hypothesis developed based existing linguistic research into frame analysis and how frames shape cognitive processes. the justification for developing such analytic method driven desire improve the accuracy existing sentiment analysis, instead attempting infer participant response based contextual frames contained within media consumed when investment decisions are made, such that may predict how participant will respond market sentiment cognitive level. there existing literature development such process nor its application investment activity. this section briefly outlines the core concept underlying this hypothesis. sharpe capital the process creating proof-of-concept for the development application contextual frame analysis, which will eventually shared our blog and included later version this document. seminal work thibodeau and boroditsky [], was demonstrated that 'metaphor frames' shape the way people think pre-conscious level. very briefly summarise this work, was found that changing one word article about fictional crime wave drastically changed the manner which two test groups would deal with the perpetrators these crimes. specifically, one group received article which the criminal activity was described 'beast' and the other, the word was changed 'virus'. majority participants exposed the 'beast' metaphor voted for 'enforcement' (punitive) measures, while similar majority those exposed the 'virus' metaphor instead opted for 'reformation' (rehabilitation). when asked justify these reasons, justifications were provided from other elements the article. the metaphor used was not mentioned any participants. that is, the groups average came opposing conclusions and believed they did due their exposure data, despite both groups being exposed identical articles, other than the one word change. when the metaphor frame was removed, and participants were instead exposed 'lexical prime', which words relating either beasts (such 'caging' 'invader') viruses (such 'sickness', 'infection') context not relating the article, these observed differences opinion disappeared entirely. the results this experiment can seen figure the conclusion therefore, that the different frames contained within the articles had major effect shaping the decisions made the participants, and that they were unaware the manipulation justifying their decisions after the fact. the sharpe investment platform quantitative trading model figure data taken from logical extension this conclusion that contextual frames contained within media articles and corporate reports relating stocks and shares are likely have similar impact participants traders that consumed them. identifying the frames contained within news articles, training algorithm price trends the time following article release, with sufficiently large number previously published articles, should permit identification 'predicted participant response' due the presence contextual frames within the media they consume. that is, manner similar identifying 'reform' 'enforce' figure aim identify 'long' and 'short' responses contextual frames within the financial corpus. are working utilise nlp techniques isolate and identify frames, and deep learning strategies correlate these market outcomes. this would permit far beyond the realm sentiment analysis, and understand participant decisions fundamental, cognitive level. our evidence-based hypothesis proves correct, this approach will offer unrivalled insights into market movements. are working with leading linguists and computer scientists develop this highly novel approach early-warning system inevitability that circumstances relating asset will sometimes change following our forecasting and taking position that asset. this could due microeconomic factors, such reputation damage, public relations issues, revelation scandal, pre-report announcements disappointing profits. there could additionally market shocks affecting positions taken due macroeconomic events; for example, the collapse mortgage-backed securities described section .., our model has abstraction cognitive and affect-driven processes that drive participant decision-making, defining measure relative confidence predictions utilising 'manifold learning' techniques defined the relative confidence score, rcs, generated for each forecast made for each asset. have developed the concept 'early warning system' (ews). the ews monitors the change (rcs), and rate change (differential with respect time) the rcs drcs detecting rapid changes the consistency predictions driven sudden shifts sentiment, emotional content and contextual frames detected our linguis- the sharpe investment platform quantitative trading model tic analysis model. for 'long' positions, when the rcs reaches minimum threshold, the differential reaches certain negative level, the ews will instruct portfolio manager close the position can without making loss. the event that cannot, the ews will alert all sharpe capital executives and analysts via sms (cell phone) alerts, push notifications and email, permitting manual intervention. for 'short' positions, the opposite applies and the ews monitors for increases the rcs its differential. when analyst deems manual intervention necessary, several options are open them: close the position immediately. monitor the position and close later date. choose take opposing position (e.g. 'short' previously 'long' position). allow the portfolio manager continue normal operation. utilise options, futures, other instruments hedge against additional risk identified. improving portfolio manager training human responses improve the ability portfolio manager handle exceptional changing circumstances, will develop graph-based data flow model (much like artificial neural network), that 'trains' human activity taken response changes the rcs. once sufficient experience has been gathered, the portfolio manager will equipped deal with many difficult circumstances under its own volition. crowd-sourced sentiment platform the crowd-sourced sentiment platform, described section will provide valuable additional input into our forecasting model. obtaining real sentiment indications from users the platform, using combination proofof-reputation and proof-of-stake system determine 'confidence weightings' applied predictions, are able augment our model with genuine human insight into the market. essentially, this allows add 'organic' intelligence into artificial intelligence-driven quantitative trading model. contributors sentiment are paid service fee based the accuracy the sentiment they provide and its utilisation the sharpe capital investment portfolio. network analysis network analysis allows visualise the market terms similarity between assets. generate such network, first compute 'distance matrix' from all the microeconomic fundamentals for each asset, providing measure distance 'similarity' between each asset. this matrix contains each asset each column and row, with the distance score between each asset indicating their similarity. from this, can construct network, illustrated for s&p assets demonstrated figure can project any microeconomic indicator onto each node (asset) scaling their size and colour accordingly, aid visualisation. the platform network analysis derived from applying clustering analysis this network, demonstrated for the s&p assets figure which the sharpe investment platform quantitative trading model figure network analysis: s&p network topology:each node (circle) specific asset, and each edge (line) describes connection between them based the distance matrix, and boundary conditions generation the network (number edges, number neighbours, distance metric used, etc.) each node identified belonging specific cluster, 'microeconomic sector' coloured appropriately. this algorithm groups assets together based how similar they are fundamental level, rather than relying arbitrary sector labels applied based the industry the asset. this much more dynamic approach than diversification across sectors the traditional manner, allowing our diversification strategy evolve assets diverge converge their similarity. spreading our positions across dissimilar assets partially insulates against sector-based market shocks and corrections, and furthermore, identifying under-performing and over-performing sectors with respect the market whole, the portfolio manager able intelligently and dynamically determine the best assets long and short on. figure network clustering: clustering based asset similarity permits funds distributed optimally based dynamic, constantly updating, identification sectors and their relative performance. the sharpe investment platform quantitative trading model outputs from the network analysis module the sharpe capital investment fund are fed into the portfolio manager illustrated figure this permits best leverage predictions receives from machine learning and linguistic analysis, via consistency analysis (midas), selecting assets based not only risk-reward ratio (based expected returns given predicted growth and implied volatility) but based the optimal allocation amongst network analysis-derived microeconomic-inferred sectors. initial ml-driven proof concept much the sharpe capital investment fund currently under development. particular, the linguistic analysis and automated implementation midas still progress. described section proportion funds from the token crowd-sale have been allocated permit development and deployment operational automated quantitative trading model have, however, implemented proof-of-concept using restricted subset the tools and techniques described this section. particular, used hybrid approach combining adaptive boosting and other 'non-linear regression' techniques, network analysis, statistical analysis for feature selection, and simplified implementation portfolio manager that takes only 'long' and 'short' positions. portfolio manager being extended capable utilising options and other more complex financial instruments, but has been restricted taking long and short positions only during the prototyping phase. with this proof-of-concept, built machine learning model that trains over microeconomic and macroeconomic indicators from the first three quarters any year forecast prices the release date each assets quarterly report, restricted for prototyping purposes assets the s&p, reducing computational requirements. cross-validated this model develop early understanding how well would generalise other datasets, and built proprietary back-testing algorithm evaluate the performance this model. the model was permitted utilise leverage dynamically the extent the portfolio manager judged safe so. the equity curve when back-testing this model over performance produced the following results, shown figure each position taken listed table that can found the appendix (section .). are aware over-fitting issues with machine learning-driven quantitative trading models. the consistency analysis and midas algorithm described above designed mitigate over-fitting combining many different modelling techniques and data sources. furthermore, ensuring that the portfolio manager properly diversifies assets according their microeconomic similarity, and appropriately hedges positions using combination 'long' and 'short' instruments, can effectively insulate the fund against degree uncertainty. the model that resulted the performance shown figure had mean average error (mae) approximately usd either direction, and still provided annualised roi thanks this strategy utilising distinct and components co-operation. incorporating linguistic analysis, crowd-sourced sentiment analysis, and more sophisticated network analysis methods into the trading platform, utilising consistency analysis evaluate confidence levels, with expansion many more assets, expected improve model performance significantly. must however stated that back-tests nor past performance the sharpe investment platform quantitative trading model figure proof-of-concept model (without sentiment other linguistic analysis), showing the fund equity curve over six month period. the riskadjusted return from this period annualises utilising four models, each designed predict specific quarter from the previous three, will likely improve this roi further. are necessarily indicative future performance, this large part depends general movements the markets. crowd-sourced sentiment platform crowd-sourced sentiment platform this section describes how will crowd-source real-time sentiment from shp owners utilising proof-of-stake, proof-of-reputation, and proof-ofwork system that allows determine the weight give each prediction when incorporating user sentiment indications into the quantitative model described section this platform provides additional revenue stream will sell access the raw sentiment data for use hedge funds and other interested parties. profits derived from this will distributed into our reserves, from which service fees will distributed users quarterly basis. this will comprise eth reserve and usd(t) reserve. the remaining will used drive further growth sharpe capital according the budget outlined section the origins crowd-sourced sentiment date back the earliest days hedge funds. the first hedge fund was created jones, whose contributions the field foreshadowed modern portfolio theory. jones successfully 'hedged' his positions taking long and short positions insulate his fund, and utilised leverage (borrowed capital) increase his returns. arguably one his greatest achievements, however, was foreseeing what cognitive science and behavioural psychology would only come understand half century later: that participant trader emotions created trends asset price action []. jones argued that price increases generated optimism (or confidence) asset, fuelling further price increases, resulting positive feedback loop causing asset's price deviate from its intrinsic value, such that these trends could identified from following price action []. jones quickly realised that determine the best long and short positions, should not rely chart watching alone, but should source sentiment from those with stake market performance. therefore, created system whereby invited brokers select their favourite long and short positions, simulating running live portfolios from these stock picks. jones utilised these predictions select stocks and positions for his hedge fund, rewarding brokers proportion the value the predictions they provided. through this method, jones was able achieve substantially improved returns his investments. with the advent blockchain technology and large user base interested the stock market, are now position leverage this technology replicate jones' method large scale. are developing web and mobile platform that allows shp owners indicate their current sentiment toward vast number assets. users the platform will paid service fees with eth for correct sentiment indications (or 'predictions'), using smart contracts enforce this automatically. the following sections describe how use proof-of-stake and proof-ofreputation ensure users providing sentiment are invested making successful predictions, and proof-of-work provide disincentive users from creating new accounts and transferring shp new ethereum addresses their reputation level falls below the initial reputation score new users, eth service fees paid are function the number correct sentiment indications provided, the users' 'reputation score' and the amount participation with the platform the user provides. these are known the 'three proofs', and are stored the blockchain associated with the user's ethereum address: proof-of-reputation, proof-of-stake, and proof-of-work. crowd-sourced sentiment platform incentive provide sentiment crowd-sourcing high-quality asset sentiment crucial the performance the sharpe capital proprietary investment fund. quantitative modelling useful for predicting asset prices up-to certain point, beyond which must rely the opinions 'the crowd' identify and explain anomalies. order ensure the sentiment analysis that rely the highest possible quality, have designed system incentivisation, which holders shp can build 'reputation score' (r) based the quality the asset sentiment they provide our platform. their reputation score maintained the ethereum blockchain using our smart contracts and linked ethereum address. bi-annual payments eth will distributed providers sentiment, proportion their reputation score, and the amount shp they own. this immutable track-record reputation scores, linked proof-of-stake model for shp, creates mechanism that provides the highest possible incentive provide the very best sentiment, and thus the most predictive future asset prices. not possible 'lose' shp, and therefore this not form 'prediction market' other form gambling. proof-of-reputation important maintain high reputation score providing the best forward looking asset sentiment possible, this will used determine eth service fees owed platform users. the track-record for each ethereum address immutably stored the blockchain. the reputation score may calculated according the following formula, presently planned updated per prediction basis. the quarterly eth service fee payments will use the user's reputation score the time the service fees are paid. pincorrect correct rcurrent rprevious rprevious rprevious reputation s.t. equation rcurrent the user's current reputation score, calculated weekly based how accurate the provided sentiment was. linearly modulated scalar constant, (equation positively for each correct prediction and negatively for each incorrect prediction. that is, for each correct prediction the reputation score increased decreased multiplying the user's previous reputation score, rprevious and adding this rcurrent this repeated for incorrect predictions, but reducing instead increasing it. the maximum value and the minimum value stated equation the impact predictions user's reputation score perhaps best demonstrated example (let assume that .): user has and provides correct and incorrect predictions. their new .)) this represents increase percentage points for all service fees received this user for correct predictions. crowd-sourced sentiment platform user has and provides correct and incorrect predictions. their new .)) this represents increase percentage points for all service fees received this user for correct predictions. user has and provides correct and incorrect predictions. their new .)) this represents decrease percentage points for all service fees received this user for correct predictions. user has and provides correct and incorrect predictions. their new .)) this represents decrease percentage points for all service fees received this user for correct predictions. the example above illustrates, changes user's are linear that is, the relative change dependent only the accuracy the user's provided sentiment, and not the previous value proof-of-stake requiring ownership shp for sentiment provision important because indicates level confidence the reputation score associated with specific ethereum address. call this 'lossless' proof-of-stake, the quantity shp owned cannot diminish due incorrect sentiment indications (or 'predictions'). address holding lot shp, with high reputation score, then it's reasonable assume the forward-looking asset sentiment has higher probability being correct. proof-of-work simple proof-of-work scheme utilised for two purposes. firstly, incentivise continued participation with the platform, and secondly, remove incentive from users whose reputation score, has dropped below the starting point from transferring shp new ethereum address and creating new account the sharpe crowd-sourced sentiment platform attempt 'game' the system and 'reset' their reputation. user's proof-ofwork score multiplied the service fees due, calculated described section users will begin with proof-of-work score, this will increase function the number predictions provided and their regularity. are the process evaluating various proof-of-work mechanisms determine the most optimal incentivisation mechanism. the precise time horizons and number trades required yet determined through simulation platform use, and will further refined upon the alpha (testnet) and beta releases the crowd-sourced sentiment platform. calculating service fees for sentiment providers users the sharpe sentiment crowd-sourcing platform will receive service fee for every correct sentiment indication that they provide. these will accrue quarterly, recorded against the user's ethereum address the blockchain, and will distributed automatically smart contract from our ether/liquidity reserve pool trustless manner. service fees will begin accruing from the moment the web application available the ethereum crowd-sourced sentiment platform mainnet. will allocate discretionary service fee pool each quarter, and the entirety this will distributed users proportion the relative value their insight compared all other users calculated function number correct predictions, the user's reputation score, the user's proofof-work score (level participation), and the user's proof-of-stake (amount shp owned). this provides incentive improve accuracy more carefully considering future predictions, creating incentivisation feedback loop that will improve the quality sentiment provided over time. the formula calculate payments due users described equation based the number correct sentiment indications ('predictions')and the 'three proofs' captured equation user service fee r(u,t) w(u,t) equation defines user's overall 'success' metric, which captures their accuracy, reputation, work and stake, which call their 'gamma' score. the number correct sentiment indications provided the user the previous quarter, r(u,t) their reputation score defined section w(u,t) their proof-of-work score, and the proof-of-stake, defined the proportion shp held compared the total amount shp used provide sentiment. from the user's can now determine the proportion the service fee pool, they are entitled to. this described equation which the proportion user's score compared the cumulative total all users. when the added together for every participant, will always equal and therefore, the entirety the service fee pool, distributed amongst participants each quarter. service fees are distributed trustlessly via smart contracts the ethereum blockchain, from allocation within the sharpe capital eth liquidity reserves. service fee summary the service fee distribution mechanism described above designed ensure platform participants are rewarded fairly for the sentiment they provide. through our unique combination the three proofs reputation, work, and stake, can ensure that holders large proofs-of-stake (shp) not receive service fees disproportionate their participation nor they dilute the fees paid hard working participants with smaller stake. the proof-of-work requirement disincentives attempts 'game' the system using multiple accounts, any increase achieved reputation through these means will offset the reduction the proof-of-work associated with that address. the sharpe platform application have published designs for the sharpe platform mobile application, including the crowd-sourced sentiment platform, the trustless trading ledger described section and the community governance structure described section these can found https://goo.gl/fsqyf. community and corporate governance community and corporate governance this section introduces core component the sharpe capital financial markets protocol, describing how the community shp owners are able govern management sharpe capital decentralised, trustless manner via blockchain technology. firstly, utilise 'consensus-based' model, which new fund creation, other ventures proposed sharpe capital, are determined the will shp owners, such that capital allocation for such ventures dictated the degree community consensus. secondly, have developed 'democracy-based' model which any owner shp may table motion for approval majority shp holders. have developed novel solution that permits voting without 'locking' shp during voting periods through creation single-use 'vote tokens', solving key problem previous attempts creating decentralised autonomous organisations (e.g. []). conjunction with the trustless ledger service outlined section this forms new gold standard for management, which community participants are able dictate sharpe capital's operational direction, and other matters relating governance sharpe capital's ventures, with enforcement managed through smart contracts the ethereum blockchain. all the governance structures outlined herein will place prior the shp crowd-sale event, ensuring that the community can help shape the future sharpe capital from day one. democracy-based governance: motion tabling and voting the principal method for community governance the consensus-based model described section addition this, are implementing 'majority-rule' system for community governance relating matters beyond new fund creation. this achieved through the following mechanism: shp owner tables motion utilising our 'democratic community governance' smart contract, for which user interface will developed. this motion must seconded least shp within days. sharpe capital and its employees are forbidden from taking part community votes, but may table motions. once the motion has been seconded, goes full vote open for days. simple majority shp must vote favour the motion for succeed. the motion will executed sharpe capital. the sharpe capital advisory board will act intermediary with the power delay implementation the motion, permitting additional time for the core team engage the community the issues hand. the advisory board reaches majority consensus (excluding abstentions) against the motion, the event that motion deemed infeasible would potentially cause harm the community. position paper will subsequently published further engage the community prior second round voting. this governance model adopted from parliamentary model governance. community and corporate governance motions may rejected unanimous consensus (excluding abstentions) the advisory board second voting round passes, and the advisory board deem that the motion would cause significant harm the community shp owners. sharpe capital owned reserve shp will not permitted participate votes. submitted motions will subject review before any voting may take place. illegal frivolous motions will rejected and not displayed the community, will motions that would cause the board directors violate their fiduciary responsibility sharpe capital. collaborative development democratic governance the proposed democracy-based governance model described above should considered prototypical our aims with regard community governance. will actively engage with the community and continue work with our legal counsel ensure that the final implemented structure reflects the values the shp community, and not subject inadequate definitions that may lead difficult-to-foresee 'edge cases'. voting without restricting token transfer previously proposed voting mechanisms, such that proposed the dao, significant issue was that during voting periods, participants were unable transfer their tokens this could permit user vote multiple times moving shp between new accounts and voting from them. this provided incentive for users not vote, undermining the democratic nature the system []. have solved this problem through the creation 'single-use' erc voting tokens, svt (sharpe voting tokens), issued every shp owner -to- parity whenever motion has been seconded. these tokens cannot transferred any address other than two addresses created sharpe specifically for the purpose vote counting. one these addresses represents 'pass' votes, and the other represents 'fail' votes. this permits users freely transfer shp during the day period from motion being tabled the voting period ending, only fixed supply svt will have been created and these cannot transferred. once the voting period has ended, users will able trustlessly verify the result viewing the amount svt the 'pass' and 'fail' addresses. the smart contract will destroy all svt the end the voting period. should more than one motion tabled once, the smart contract will create multiple single use tokens, each usable only for specific motion. will create web and mobile platform simplify the voting process, such that users merely need select the motion and indicate their vote. this application will allow previous motions and the results viewed the ethereum blockchain. consensus-based community fund governance envisage the creation range funds that serve different purposes,focused different asset classes including global equity markets and blockchain assets, with their issuance governed community consensus.these tokenised funds will created through independent crowd-sales, and community and corporate governance corporate structure regulatory oversight sharpe capital discussion with various financial and regulatory authorities with regard tax-efficient structuring the primary vehicle through which the proprietary investment fund will operate. sharpe capital ltd will remain entity, responsible for the development the sharpe financial markets protocol, investment platform and associated products (including private ledger service and blockchain solutions for party hedge fund auditing systems, the crowd-sourced sentiment platform and the quantitative trading model). the shp token generation event will take place through gibraltar registered entity due the clarity dlt (distributed ledger technology) financial regulations. the england-registered sharpe capital ltd will become wholly owned subsidiary this primary vehicle, and operate software and quantitative model development company. the community large has been resistant regulatory oversight, due the ideally trustless, decentralised, and therefore self-governing, nature cryptocurrencies. this made perfect sense the early days the development technology whose full scope and potential was far from realised. the recent sec declaration signals new era the history blockchain technology development, begins penetrate the mainstream economic space with increasing pace. such, regulatory oversight inevitability, and serves protect both participants and the creators the many innovative blockchain products both the fintech space and other areas. budgeting finance considerations budgeting finance considerations are proposing the following utilisation funds following completion the shp crowd-sale, illustrated figure this section assumes crowdsale usd, which deposited reserve currency across bnt, eth and usd(t), both provide continuous liquidity via the bancor protocol (section .), and from which will allocate quarterly pools for distribution service fees sentiment platform participants. the largest allocation funds, earmarked for proprietary investment using the state-of-the-art trading model described section prior deployment the complete modelling and investment platform will distribute these funds across variety low-risk tracker funds such vanguard and s&p, blockchain asset baskets, and other financial instruments, attempt prevent deprecation. this fund distribution will recorded the tls. capital raised during the token crowd-sale will utilised for development and operations: essentially building the sharpe capital investment platform from its present stage deployable trading algorithm. this includes the expansion the sharpe team, including hiring full-stack software engineers, machine learning developers and financial analysts, and all associated overheads. marketing allocated raised capital, this crucial for developing our additional revenue streams such the sale sentiment data and implementation internal auditing software based our tls for hedge funds and other financial institutions. finally, the funds are allocated for handling any legal and regulatory requirements ensure are compliance with local laws countries which operate, appropriate. any remaining funds following expenditure development, marketing and legal costs will diverted the capital investment fund. figure our proposed budget allocations assuming crowd-sale raise usd realised. this budget allocation was developed and agreed the core team members permit achieve the following key goals delivering the protocol and platform: grow our team support our delivery objectives and establish our london budgeting finance considerations support on-going development the early livenet beta web platform, slated available upon crowd-sale conclusion december users can begin accruing service fees upon launch this platform. deploy alpha (testnet) version the sharpe platform mobile application migrate this the mainnet toward the end market our sentiment analysis platform and build strategic relationships with hedge funds build our core platform, external apis, sentiment platform smart contracts develop, test deploy our quantitative investment models, obtain any necessary approvals required issue scd tokens during independent crowd-sale with target date the sharpe capital team the sharpe capital team the sharpe capital team comprised diverse group experts across the fields quantitative modelling, financial engineering, linguistic analysis, international law regulatory requirements. our team expanding rapidly, with new members joining both the core team and advisory board scale our operations. core team lewis barber chief executive officer lewis graduated with bachelor engineering degree with honours from the university leeds has since developed extensive experience full-stack software engineering, and consultancy with global investment banks their architecture and the development fault tolerant transactional systems. sharpe capital, lewis responsible for driving the strategic development the busines and overseeing implementation our advanced cloud and blockchain architecture, including the sharpe capital financial markets protocol. james butler chief investment officer james graduated with lewis and went complete phd complex systems modelling the university york subsequently worked consulting with academic and commercial partners the pharmaceutical sector. was invited one year appointment visiting research scholar the university california, berkeley (eecs) currently research fellow the university oxford, applying systems analysis accelerate the process drug development using advanced quantitative modelling and machine learning techniques. sharpe capital, james responsible for overseeing the development the sharpe capital investment platform. israel colomer chief technology officer israel graduated with bachelor engineering degree from the universidad politecnica valencia has since worked with myriad companies, both the enterprise and startup spaces, with dedicated focus implementing resilient and robust back-end systems. having experience all areas software delivery, has handled teams both small and larger during his career, evolving his leadership skills. sharpe capital, israel responsible for driving the technological development the company's infrastructure and software solutions. the sharpe capital team ali bros lead developer ali graduated with bachelor engineering degree electronic and computer engineering from the university leeds r&d engineer, has since worked for diverse array startups and long-established companies the technology and media sectors. ali has excellent knowledge myriad software platforms and stacks with special interest android and ios platforms. dan pilch cloud architect systems engineer dan graduated with bachelor degree computer network engineering from the university portsmouth since then has worked progressing devops culture, system operations, cloud architecture and engineering highly-available, faulttolerant and massively scalable systems. has experience managing operations teams contributing progressing startup sme (small and medium-sized enterprises). sharpe capital, dan responsible for architecting cloud infrastructure the aws platform and site reliability engineering. advisory board our advisory board have critical role, along with community participants, shaping the direction and growth sharpe capital. our advisors have diverse range backgrounds and are all highly experienced what they do, whether they're from from finance trading, blockchain, modelling, linguistics, commerce background. dimitri chupryna entrepreneur and investor dimitri graduated with economics from university san francisco. dimitri expert business development and portfolio management. his interests primarily focus rapid-growth technologies. managing partner and co-founder taas (token-as-a-service). taas the first tokenized closed-end fund that allows its investors capitalize the rise blockchain markets, and produced roi for its first fully-operational quarter. the sharpe capital team mieke vandenbroucke advisor linguistic analysis mieke completed her (magna cum laude) and phd the university ghent. she was awarded fulbright scholarship and took appointment visiting researcher berkeley specialising fraud investigations. her research interests lie the intersection discourse analysis and forensic linguistics. sharpe capital advisory board member, mieke responsible for advising development the linguistic analyses that power our trading models. german leonov advisor quantitative modelling german completed his bsc (hons) and earned his phd complex systems analysis from the university york, where currently post-doctoral research associate. german's research interests focus the applications quantitative modelling understanding complex systems, currently focused virology. sharpe capital advisory board member, german responsible for providing insight into the development robust quantitative models, and for providing russian language support token crowd-sale participants. german also provides russian language support the community. jonas sevel karlberg commercial tge advisor jonas has more than years' commercial experience working with some the worlds largest consumer brands. has significant management and leadership experience well experience building and scaling organizations, primarily within the retail sector denmark. jonas co-founded the nordic blockchain association the beginning and later operated freelance community manager during the bancor tge. jonas then founded the amazix team (https://www.amazix.com) and went work with the stox tge, and bitjob ico, before joining the advisory board sharpe capital. the sharpe capital team lexi gao advisor international law lexi completed bachelor's degree chinese law from ecust (east china university science and technology) and bachelor's degree applied psychology from east china normal university. lexi completed master laws degree international corporate and commercial law the university york, followed graduate diploma law from the university law. based shanghai, lexi responsible for providing insight into international legal and regulatory issues, and chinese language support for crowd-sale participants from east asian markets. barnaby mannerings blockchain and financial markets specialist barnaby completed bsc (hons) computer science from lancaster university's cartmel college. capital markets industry veteran with deep experience including design and implementation electronic trading platforms and algorithms for equities, fixed income derivatives and products. from barnaby was consultant financial services specialising innovative technology and approaches. has been involved with cryptocurrencies since both personal and professional capacity, including early cryptocurrency investments, solution design, training and outreach, and blockchain strategist. barnaby currently the ceo pik, payments startup for online publishing. next steps next steps this white paper should considered 'living document'. that is, response feedback from the community and advisory board, will update, grow, adapt, improve and extend both the sharpe capital investment platform and the financial markets protocol we've described this paper. many the smart contracts required for deployment this platform have been created and discussed within this document and our 'medium' blog. move forward developing these over the coming weeks, will publish our progress our blog, telegram and twitter ensure maximum community engagement. more substantial developments are made, will update this white paper with further details, screenshots and mock-ups describing how the platform and protocol will operate. are currently developing proof-of-concept platforms for the tls and crowd-sourced sentiment analysis, while further refining our quantitative trading model approach. these will included future versions our white paper. the interests transparency, will retain each major release our white paper using version control, such that the community can see how the concepts, products and protocol described within this document have adapted and grown response the feedback receive. our telegram group will staffed around the clock leading the pre-sale and crowdsale dates november and november (both beginning utc). this document has been written level that tries strike careful balance between providing high-level overview the sharpe protocol platform, while providing sufficient technical detail and further references the scientific literature for the interested reader. addition this, are working series blog posts and other documents, made available our website, that describe the various aspects the platform both more general and more technical audience, satisfy interested parties from various backgrounds. particular, will soon releasing 'summary paper' that outlines the protocol platform much shorter document, appreciate that this document runs considerable length, attempt cover much material feasible. should technical audiences have additional questions relating any aspect this paper, would invite them contact the team members our slack which have dedicated channels for machine learning discussion, enquiries regarding our token crowd-sale event, and channels for enquiries chinese and russian. https://sharpe.capital/slack translation notice translation notice the event any discrepancy, ambiguity, disagreement any other confusion arising from comparison between the english language version this white paper and any official unofficial translations into any other language, the english language version always treated the correct version the document. any discrepancies are noted between this document english and other languages, please bring the attention the sharpe capital team hello@sharpe.capital. white paper purpose the purpose this white paper provide overarching vision the sharpe platform, with particular emphasis the sharpe platform token, shp. nothing this white paper constitutes contract, agreement memorandum understanding between any parties, any kind. any participation the pre-sale crowd-sale subject the terms agreement that will provided before participants are provided with the ethereum contribution address from which participants' eth will sent sharpe capital, and which shp will received. appendices appendices backtesting table trades table table positions taken portfolio manager backtest ticker cag jwn lvlt mhk isrg nvda ppg psx udr cof csco eqt jec nflx tap wdc hrb kmb mnst tjx bcr dlph flr oke rht tgt aal grmn irm nlsn pbi ups cme dgx mlm trip aon avgo cinf csra dhi mrk orly pvh aapl amzn cfg frt hpe lnc msi uri viab amgn bhi cah size profitloss direction short long short long short long short long long long long short short short short long short short short short long long short short short short short short long long long short short short short short long short short long short short short short short short long short short short short long short long long short long long long long short long short short short long long long short closeprice n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a openprice opendate fri jul fri jul fri jul wed jul thu jul thu jul thu jul thu jul thu jul thu jul fri jul fri jul tue jul tue jul tue jul tue jul tue jul wed jul wed jul wed jul wed jul wed jul thu jul thu jul thu jul thu jul thu jul thu jul thu jul fri jul fri jul fri jul fri jul fri jul fri jul fri jul mon jul mon jul mon jul mon jul mon jul mon jul tue jul tue jul tue jul tue jul tue jul tue jul tue jul tue jul tue jul wed jul wed jul wed jul wed jul wed jul wed jul wed jul wed jul wed jul wed jul wed jul wed jul wed jul thu jul thu jul thu jul thu jul thu jul appendices table table positions taken portfolio manager backtest ticker ebay exr ftr hcn hsic key mdlz mnk ndaq nsc payx sig syy tgna agn amt bby hca hst nue pwr txt awk clx adi afl cmg ctas cvx dal glw hog klac mat pbct leg nem nke sbux bbby cbg chd dva expe fcx fis gpc hpq hrl rsg sna swk symc adm adsk eqix ipg wba bxp emr nwsa pcar fast cern alle rcl mtb jbht size profitloss direction long short long short long short long short short short short short long long short long short short short short long short short long long short long short short short short long short short short long short long long short long long short short long long long short short short long short long long short long short short short long long short long short short short long long long long long short short long short long short closeprice n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a openprice opendate thu jul thu jul thu jul thu jul thu jul thu jul thu jul thu jul thu jul thu jul thu jul thu jul thu jul thu jul thu jul thu jul thu jul fri jul fri jul fri jul fri jul fri jul fri jul fri jul fri jul fri jul fri jul mon aug mon aug mon aug tue aug tue aug tue aug tue aug tue aug tue aug tue aug tue aug tue aug tue aug tue aug wed aug wed aug wed aug wed aug wed aug thu aug thu aug thu aug thu aug thu aug thu aug thu aug thu aug thu aug thu aug thu aug thu aug thu aug thu aug thu aug fri aug fri aug fri aug fri aug fri aug mon aug tue aug tue aug tue aug tue aug thu aug tue aug thu aug wed aug fri sep tue sep appendices tls smart contract this section, the smart contract behind our trading ledger broken down into key methods, giving full overview the functionality currently exposes. the code itself will frequently updated development ongoing, with source code publicly available our github page add account any individual institution can add account the public trade ledger, with specified initial balance, provided the account does not already exist. get account anybody can call the getaccount function the tradeledger smart contract, provided the provided valid. array key values from the account struct will returned the caller. update account leverage the account owner can update the leverage stored against account any time providing valid account id. the leverage stored scaled factor greater than the leverage value, ethereum's solidity language for smart contracts does not support floating points. this facilitates accuracy leverage recorded two decimal places. add position the owner account can add new positions it, provided the given account valid and the position unique. the addposition method ensures the required parameters are provided, before adding the position and updating the leverage value for the associated account. update position the position owner can update position's profit and loss, provided the position valid and the position currently open. the profit and loss also updated against the account struct and new equity point recorded. close position the position owner can close position, provided and the position open. when closing position, must provided, plus the closing price and date nent and time zone). after closing position the dated and new equity point recorded. the position valid the final profit and loss (including time compoaccount leverage up- get position anybody can get position id, provided the valid. key values from the position will returned array. https://github.com/sharpe-capital appendices get position key anybody can get the rsa keys for position, provided the valid. the position's rsa keys have not been released yet the position owner, 'tbc' will returned. fetch positions unfortunately, solidity does not support returning arrays from functions. therefore, order fetch all positions for account, the consumer the smart contract must first count the positions using function countaccountpositions and then call the getpositionbyindex method for each valid index value. both the countaccountpositions and getpositionbyindex methods can called anyone, provided the account valid. release key pair the position owner can call the releasekeypair method any time make the rsa encryption keys available the blockchain, enabling consumers the trading ledger smart contract view sensitive position details. add equity point new equity points can only added the account owner, and the method only callable from within the smart contract not public method. this method called from other public methods (such function updateposition) and intended store snapshot the account struct given point time. fetch equity points with fetching positions, the consumer must first count the number equity points for account and then call the getequitypointbyindex method for each valid index value. both the countaccountequitypoints and getequitypointbyindex methods can called anyone, provided the account valid. references references alex frino, david johnstone, and hui zheng. the propensity for local traders futures markets ride losses: evidence irrational rational behavior? journal banking finance, ():-, benedetto martino, dharshan kumaran, ben seymour, and raymond dolan. frames, biases, and rational decision-making the human brain. science, ():-, arjen siegmann and andre lucas. explaining hedge fund investment styles loss aversion: rational alternative. denise shull. market mind games: radical psychology investing, trading and risk. mcgraw hill professional, seokjoo andrew chang, guy fernando, and mohamed hussein. internal control computerization for derivatives. lars hornuf and georg haas. regulating fraud financial markets: can behavioural designs prevent future criminal offences? journal risk management financial institutions, ():-, georg haas and lars hornuf. regulating fraud financial markets: can behavioural designs prevent future criminal offences? european business law review, ():-, adam tickell. making melodrama out crisis: reinterpreting the collapse barings bank. environment and planning society and space, ():-, eleanor stead and clive smallman. understanding business failure: learning and un-learning from industrial crises. journal contingencies and crisis management, ():-, mark wexler. financial edgework and the persistence rogue traders. business and society review, ():-, ian greener. nick leeson and the collapse barings bank: sociotechnical networks and the 'rogue trader'. organization, ():-, helga drummond. living fool's paradise: the collapse barings' bank. management decision, ():-, robert adamson. corporate governance reforms and our regulatory future. business horizons, ():-, kuzman ganchev, yuriy nevmyvaka, michael kearns, and jennifer wortman vaughan. censored exploration and the dark pool problem. communications the acm, ():-, carole comerton-forde and talis putnins. dark trading and price discovery. journal financial economics, ():-, eugene fama. market efficiency, long-term returns, and behavioral finance. journal financial economics, ():-, burton malkiel. the efficient market hypothesis and its critics. the journal economic perspectives, ():-, references sebastien pouget, julien sauvagnat, and stephane villeneuve. mind terrible thing change: confirmatory bias financial markets. the review financial studies, ():-, antoine bechara. the role emotion decision-making: evidence from neurological patients with orbitofrontal damage. brain and cognition, ():-, brian lucey and michael dowling. the role feelings investor decision-making. journal economic surveys, ():-, martin abadi, paul barham, jianmin chen, zhifeng chen, andy davis, jeffrey dean, matthieu devin, sanjay ghemawat, geoffrey irving, michael isard, al. tensorflow: system for large-scale machine learning. osdi, volume pages nangang district. combination models for financial crisis prediction: integrating probabilistic neural network with back-propagation based adaptive boosting. international journal computational intelligence systems, :-, pastukhov aleksey and prokofiev alexander. representative sample formation with the use kohonen self-organizing map and lipschitz constant estimation the training multilayer perceptron. young researchers electrical and electronic engineering (eiconrus), ieee conference russian, pages ieee, laurens van der maaten and geoffrey hinton. visualizing data using t-sne. journal machine learning research, (nov):-, ingrida vaiciulyte, zivile kalsyte, leonidas sakalauskas, and darius plikynas. assessment market reaction the share performance the basis its visualization space. journal business economics and management, ():-, eckart zitzler and lothar thiele. multiobjective evolutionary algorithms: comparative case study and the strength pareto approach. ieee transactions evolutionary computation, ():-, luis lobato macedo, pedro godinho, and maria joao alves. meansemivariance portfolio optimization with multiobjective evolutionary algorithms and technical analysis rules. expert systems with applications, :-, yuriy nevmyvaka, feng, and michael kearns. reinforcement learning for optimized trade execution. proceedings the international conference machine learning, pages acm, michael dempster and chris jones. real-time adaptive trading system using genetic programming. quantitative finance, ():-, michael dempster and vasco leemans. automated trading system using adaptive reinforcement learning. expert systems with applications, ():-, jun wang. trading and hedging s&p spot and futures markets using genetic programming. journal futures markets, ():-, references kyung-shik shin, taik soo lee, and hyun-jung kim. application support vector machines bankruptcy prediction model. expert systems with applications, ():-, wei huang, yoshiteru nakamori, and shou-yang wang. forecasting stock market movement direction with support vector machine. computers operations research, ():-, qing cao, karyl leggio, and marc schniederjans. comparison between fama and french's model and artificial neural networks predicting the chinese stock market. computers operations research, ():-, jigar patel, sahil shah, priyank thakkar, and kotecha. predicting stock and stock price index movement using trend deterministic data preparation and machine learning techniques. expert systems with applications, ():-, mark taylor and helen allen. the use technical analysis the foreign exchange market. journal international money and finance, ():-, agrawal, chourasia, and mittra. state-of-the-art stock prediction techniques. international journal advanced research electrical, electronics and instrumentation engineering, ():-, fred block and margaret somers. the power market fundamentalism. harvard university press, avrim blum and pat langley. selection relevant features and examples machine learning. artificial intelligence, ():-, randall morck, bernard yeung, and wayne yu. the information content stock markets: why emerging markets have synchronous stock price movements? journal financial economics, ():-, graciela kaminsky and sergio schmukler. emerging market instability: sovereign ratings affect country risk and stock returns? the world bank economic review, ():-, kam chan, benton gup, and ming-shiun pan. international stock market efficiency and integration: study eighteen nations. journal business finance accounting, ():-, kenneth kasa. common stochastic trends international stock markets. journal monetary economics, ():-, ahmed abbasi, ammar hassan, and milan dhar. benchmarking twitter sentiment analysis tools. lrec, volume pages johan bollen, huina mao, and xiaojun zeng. twitter mood predicts the stock market. journal computational science, ():-, pang, lillian lee, al. opinion mining and sentiment analysis. foundations and trends information retrieval, (-):-, gaowei zhang, lingyu xu, and yunlan xue. model and forecast stock market behavior integrating investor sentiment analysis and transaction data. cluster computing, ():-, references ramon feenstra and daniel pallares-dominguez. ethical debates political neuromarketing: the technological advance and its potential impact the formation public opinion. nick lee, leif brandes, laura chamberlain, and carl senior. this your brain neuromarketing: reflections decade research. journal marketing management, pages zhenkun zhou, xu, and jichang zhao. tales emotion and stock china: volatility, causality and prediction. arxiv preprint arxiv:., bjarke felbo, alan mislove, anders sogaard, iyad rahwan, and sune lehmann. using millions emoji occurrences learn any-domain representations for detecting sentiment, emotion and sarcasm. arxiv preprint arxiv:., branca telles ribeiro and susan hoyle. frame analysis. grammar, meaning and pragmatics, charles fillmore. frame semantics and the nature language. annals the new york academy sciences, ():-, paul thibodeau and lera boroditsky. metaphors think with: the role metaphor reasoning. plos one, ():e, jane elith, john leathwick, and trevor hastie. working guide boosted regression trees. journal animal ecology, ():-, sebastian mallaby. more money than god: hedge funds and the making new elite. the penguin press, quinn dupont. experiments algorithmic governance: history and ethnography "the dao," failed decentralized autonomous organization. bitcoin and beyond: cryptocurrencies, blockchains and global governance. routledge, sec. report investigation pursuant section (a) the securities exchange act the dao. release no.