white paper private versus public blockchain: separating fact from fiction blockchain the latest hot topic supply chain management and logistics. the technology rose prominence with the power and value bitcoin, but since then, has proven itself huge asset other industries. more companies have begun see its potential for tracking and tracing supply chain management, and are witnessing blockchain revolution the industry. blockchain incorruptible, decentralized ledger, that able provide much-needed visibility and traceability into supply chain processes. the hype over blockchain has created some confusion, especially over the use private versus public blockchains, and which better for the industry. today, companies across the globe are leveraging blockchain improve visibility and hold one another accountable. major shipping and technology companies have also dedicated vast resources create company-owned-andoperated blockchains, also known private blockchains. public blockchains remain topic skepticism for supply chain leaders well. the need keep information secure confounds the issue. overcome the obstacles and clear the confusion, this white paper will explore: why supply chain leaders want blockchain solutions increase visibility the basic concepts and differences between private and public blockchains the challenges present available, privately held blockchains well the benefits public blockchain over private blockchain white paper: private versus public blockchain: separating fact from fiction the value blockchain logistics and supply chain management per bernard marr forbes magazine, modern supply chains are exceedingly complex, spanning hundreds stages, different geographical locations, countless invoices and payments, cross-company partnerships, and extended periods time. such complexity leads lack visibility supply chain processes, and that, turn, leads more instances lost stolen product. thankfully, blockchain well-positioned transform the industry adding back the layer visibility that currently lacking. past supply chains were relatively simple: products were sent from the manufacturer reseller. the rise omnichannel shopping changed the narrative, and globalization continues so. the same time, challenging investigate potential areas fraud unethical practices when there poor supply chain visibility. even with advanced, connected systems that are leveraging the power the internet things (iot), problems arise. data stored silos and supply chain partners rely the validity and accuracy data from the originating company make informed decisions. data visibility all partners the supply chain where blockchain proves its value. blockchain distributed, digital ledger. each transaction recorded block, and multiple copies the ledger are distributed among data notes, such individual computers and servers. each block links the one before and after it, producing the chain. since the blockchain does not have central authority maintaining it, both efficient and scalable, well incorruptible. built with the chain command mind. all users the blockchain can view information, which compared other blockchain nodes across the network selfvalidate data, eliminating the ability alter data after the fact. gaining this level detail supply chain management valuable for both companies and their consumers. information retained the blockchain can passed along consumers validate product history, manufacturing, authenticity, warranty details, and more. white paper: private versus public blockchain: separating fact from fiction public versus private blockchain defined the complexities and nuances surrounding blockchain continue through the binary terms private and public blockchains, reports medium corporation. present, without public blockchain use shipper, maintaining throughput can challenging current data may not necessarily reflect the most recent events, problem deriving from substandard technologies among users failure integrate the system with all existing systems. public blockchains cut out the middleman transactions, offering built-in flexibility and interoperability, getting the most recent data from all players the supply chain much more quickly than disparate supply chain systems today without middleman throttling the data charge the blockchain platform. private blockchains begin let the middleman back into the equation. transactions are limited the privately held user group, transactions are processed faster. unfortunately, creating private blockchain means leveraging central database manage the system. thus, the blockchain not decentralized because owner the private blockchain still exists, leaving room for possible distrust those who choose utilize private blockchain. another type blockchain exists--consortiums. consortiums sound great the surface. they offer the promise blockchain team effort through decentralized source. the consortium blockchain approach uses centralized system, resulting the need for traditional cryptographic auditing versus public private blockchain that already decentralized and has trust built one can change the data entered. other words, blockchain managers the consortium have the ability audit and change blockchain-held data needed, rendering meaningless. white paper: private versus public blockchain: separating fact from fiction problems with privately held blockchains recent months, major companies have risen develop blockchain-based partnerships consortiums. while new mergers have given birth new private blockchains, they remain riddled with holes. reported supply chain dive, the study found that mere shippers are looking for blockchain solutions today, and only are exploring their use. this issue's roots extend into the problems private blockchain use, including: private blockchains may developed only used for specific company. using blockchain internally may improve visibility into single company's operations, but that information not accessible other supply chain partners. private blockchain partnerships involve relinquishing data the central company. control over data and its integrity are everything. the more prominent private blockchains use today, used some the biggest shipping companies earth, effectively require users relinquish control over their data. private blockchains may incompatible with existing systems. the next issue goes back the incompatibility that arises from existing systems and those designed work with primary company's data. for example, oracle uses internal blockchain track use primavera for warehouse construction, the same data may only used oracle-owned companies, not those use the company building the warehouse. private blockchains may offer grand promises with minimal results. since the goal endto-end visibility, supply chain partners that not use the same blockchain create area poor visibility and opportunity for risk. shippers are looking for blockchain solutions shippers are exploring blockchain solutions white paper: private versus public blockchain: separating fact from fiction these problems contribute issues among shippers looking invest blockchain, including: companies are suspicious joining alliances private consortiums due unwillingness lose control and ownership their data. integration almost impossible, and since companies have devoted significant resources the iot and real-time data tracking software, joining blockchain seems like overkill. data can still changed without explanation, reflecting the power centralized owner has over private blockchain participants. blockchain's only valuable the number companies using it, and with companies' past years' avoidance significant blockchain partnerships, private blockchains are growing scarcer and less useful. both private and public blockchains exist, why are companies forcing the hand major developers? that's the million-dollar question. blockchain designed provide incorruptible, error-free roadmap for users trace single transaction throughout the network. the supply chain, this means tracking products their origin, including data raw materials, production data, transit time, delays, and more. shippers need trustless, similar setup that free from the strain politics and economic interests. with significant company control the blockchain, they effectively take the role data manager. their decisions are final. they expect competitors join the partnership and grow the technology. fortunately, supply chain leaders are not blind the nature larger corporations. the reality that corporation should pursue anything that not beneficial some way, and this includes joining private blockchain consortium when there are better options available. shipchain, with our experience blockchain and building out our track and trace platform, know that have stake developing the technology. white paper: private versus public blockchain: separating fact from fiction the difference between shipchain and the major partnerships that the system designed true public blockchain, giving every user equal opportunity share data and avoid the risks associated with relinquishing control. more importantly, equal and trustless can interpreted easy-tointegrate and under-your-control. this ease joining the blockchain that attracts new users. supply chain leaders have enough their plates. robotics are rising. weather changing. suppliers and shippers are evolving. everything state flux the global supply chain, and not enough trust that one the largest shipping companies the planning will abide the rules set forth blockchain. visibility unlocks efficiency, and trust unlocks visibility. shipchain's unified approach provide both opens world potential for siloed industry able work together for the benefit everyone." that's not necessarily grim picture for the future blockchain. highlights the importance and value shippers and suppliers place independence and strong relationships with business-to-business (bb) partners. white paper: private versus public blockchain: separating fact from fiction they saw the writing the wall, evidenced reduced rates competitors that joined last year's headline-dominating blockchain consortium. ultimately, the distrust and poor execution private blockchains are where major companies went wrong. the costs adopting the consortium's system could easily surpass any savings possible through adopting blockchain technology. thus, companies need alternative major carrier-based blockchains. they need something independent. summary: independent, public blockchains will continue increase use truly public blockchains offer increased visibility and accountability into the recording supply chain transactions, tracking purchase orders and trade-related documents, assigning and verifying certifications and properties, linking physical goods data, and sharing information. the use public blockchains value continues grow despite the setbacks created with major carrier consortium private blockchains. therefore, shippers and suppliers have turned public blockchains. final note, joining public blockchain does not mean your data available the public. it's still limited authorized users the blockchain. the integration with your technologies, well the ability share data freely among members, that creates the value public blockchains. sum nicely, let's rename public blockchains for the sake clarity. white paper: private versus public blockchain: separating fact from fiction public blockchain open architecture-based platform that puts your technology and skills work, sharing data where appropriate yielding end-to-end visibility. ready implement blockchain: choose shipchain shipchain has taken the time create open architecture-based platform that will work provide the real-world benefits blockchain technology without the hassle and stress carrierled private systems. public blockchain offers the benefits private blockchain, but the public route evolves and flexible enough handle the needs your company, not the other way around. find out how you can become shipchain user visiting shipchain online requesting demo today. www.shipchain.io twitter facebook linkedin instagram