white paper the horror film slate fund and blockchain streaming platform shivers erc token created shivers media, llc delaware limited liability company shivers media, llc info@shivers.io table contents white paper overview elevator pitch the product the blockchain opportunity why use the blockchain? why horror films? why this team? the films filmmaker qualifications management and organization details distribution platform distribution options marketing options the industry movie industry overview home video cryptocurrency market milestone projections (roadmap) background and development projections legal implications and precautions regulatory uncertainty cryptocurrency laws disclaimer: this document proprietary shivers media, llc, the delaware limited liability company. solely for the use prospective purchasers the cryptocurrency "shivers." not purchase tokens you reside area where token sales are not permited. this white paper outlines public sale cryptocurrency tokens ("token sale"). the information contained the sale material the token sale described herein. while this information intended comprehensive, this document only brief summary certain aspects the product and the transactions contemplated and does not purport complete. each prospective buyer urged obtain additional information from the company (as defined herein) its agents for the purpose evaluating the merits and risks this product. each prospective buyer also urged consult his her own legal and financial advisers for legal, tax, and related matters concerning this product. this product may contain restrictions depending the residency the buyer, and involves risks, including tax risks. the company under obligation and has intention register the tokens equity interests and under obligation attempt secure exemption for any subsequent sale. the product described herein should not considered security any kind. representations, warranties assurances any kind are made should inferred with respect the economic returns that may accrue purchaser. purchasing this product, buyer acknowledges that she has sufficient knowledge, expertise, and ability evaluate this product and bear the economic loss the entire sale price. neither the united states securities and exchange commission, the delaware regulation and licensing department, nor any other state federal governmental agency has passed endorsed this token sale. any representation the contrary criminal offense. this document, together with all exhibits and documentation furnished the prospective purchaser, proprietary the company both for purposes copyright and restricted business content, and intended for the use the buyer only. part these materials may reproduced distributed any third party except potential purchasers business, accounting, legal, tax advisor/s incident confidential business relationship for the purpose evaluating the product. white paper overview elevator pitch shivers media, llc was created for the purpose developing software which uses the internet and blockchain technology deliver horror films. along with our distribution platform, are also using cryptocurrency create fund for creating slate unique and exclusive horror films way attract users our platform. the main points which would like convey include: our partnership with infamous horror. infamous horror facebook page with million followers. the page dedicated horror films. team and partner experience our team has produced over films, including films which have starred celebrities such val kilmer, rose mcgowan, steven seagal, danny trejo, david hassellhoff and others. are avid cryptocurrency enthusiasts who have been involved all levels the cryptocurrency world, including mining, token development, trading, and networking with like-minded individuals and communities. purpose the token many cryptocurrency projects provide token which can used for trading exchanges, and not much more designed our token pass-key our products, providing utility. think shivers movie tickets watch our future films. long term effects our token due the nature our token, pass-key, over time the supply the token shall decrease they are used consumers our products. this provides our long term holders with exclusive access long-term content. the product shivers cryptocurrency erc compatible token. the shivers token used key unlock products developed shivers media llc and other film distributors which may adopt the cryptocurrency. these products include horror films, digital media, and software. more detailed information about the products will create discussed below section two (). due the use shivers tokens passkeys products, the supply shivers tokens shall decrease over time their use our products increases. will provide built-in method for measuring the price variants for the shivers token accommodate for changes prices way assure our products are sold reasonable prices. shivers media active the development and creation software distribution platform for future products, and the production slate horror films. ensure the adoption our cryptocurrency and the long-term life the company, the company intends creating many products possible. the blockchain opportunity "blockchain" products have become popular over the past two years, creating vast and large financial market. the majority these financial instruments and products have two common attributes; anonymous transactions and unregulated trading environment. few blockchain companies create products tied their cryptocurrency. have set out create product, which utilizes the technology "the blockchain" support independent films. the use blockchain allows create and foster community, which able participate the creation high quality and niche films filmmakers that have loyal followings, but may have struggled with the studio system. using shivers tokens opposed regular cash for our products also allows develop software and technology, which can support and enhance our consumers experience with our product. why use the blockchain? there are few perks that come with utilizing blockchain technology develop the shivers platform, including: content purchased automatically: the use smart contracts will guarantee that content automatically paid for and distributed when member decides watch the content. resistant hijacking: the films will distributed through blockchain nodes. these nodes will act network replicated databases, thus providing added layer security. constant availability: due our films being distributed decentralized network, will impossible for the content blocked other parties. this especially important due unforeseen regulatory forces which may alter the way people interact with the internet. why horror films? have selected horror films due the deep relationships maintain with the horror film industry and our industry reach. our partnership with infamous horror provides with direct outlet for marketing hungry audience over million horror fans. why this team? the shivers media team consists eclectic group individuals which have excelled their field and have shown consistent and performance and success. our team experienced software development, film production, cryptocurrency, and business administration. the team includes but not limited the following individuals: dar warison with background entrepreneurship that stretches over decade, mr. warison took the initiative finance and develop documentary hurricane katrina. his first successful venture was developed non-profit corporation, for which raised private funds. his role producer and director, guided the project from production through distribution. dar continued raise equity for feature films and private business. mr. warison was the center several business deals, including optioning show usa network and purchasing restaurant via leveraged buyout. benjamin sacks benjamin the president production and coo hollywood media bridge. while being charged with overseeing the operations hollywood media bridge, benjamin has times overseen many concurrent productions. has successfully brought difficult projects with stars such val kilmer, david hasselhoff, and steven seagal. benjamin has produced, managed and overseen over feature films, scripted television, commercials and music videos. has complete understanding the film making process with master knowledge how deliver project time and budget. this invaluable understanding the balance between the creative and the financial was forged through many years learning the business from the ground up; from production assistant all the way the president production. benjamin was born los angeles, and graduated from pepperdine university with bachelor's degree political science. served the united states marine corps and was honorary discharges afterwards began pursuing career the film industry where now member the directors guild america. benjamin lives dripping springs, texas with his wife ellen and their two children miranda and joseph. samuel gauvin samuel social media expert and has handled many high profile horror film-related campaigns. most recently was charge promoting the limited theatrical release jeepers creepers which was able sell out all the theaters which played. manages the infamous horror facebook group which has over million followers. addition strong core, have established advisory board assist with developing products. these advisers include: eduardo sanchez (adviser) eduardo best known for co-creating the horror hit "the blair witch project." acted co-writer and co-director the legendary film. eduardo has numerous feature films and television shows under his belt and serves shivers adviser. gregg hale (adviser) gregg accomplished film producer who also known for his work "the blair witch project." has produced numerous feature films and works closely with eduardo. amber hartley (adviser) amber currently serves the chief corporate development officer for burstiq blockchain based healthcare company). amber serves adviser blockchain related issues. the films filmmaker qualifications the main priority shivers media create content that appealing our audience. this means working with filmmakers who have demonstrated the ability create content which has generated large following has performed well the box office. example this would filmmaker who has directed film that has grossed over million dollars the box office, many whom are direct communication with finance and distribute their films. another example would filmmaker writer who created film which has gone become "cult classic." while this filmmaker may not have generated large box office draw, they have over time built following that would like foster developing products for them enjoy. are currently negotiations with filmmakers who have generated over billion total their careers the box office. management and organizational details shivers media, llc delaware based llc. the managing member dar warison, the founder. all film-related products are overseen benjamin sacks, accomplished film producer with over credits his name and currently serves the coo hollywood media bridge. all non-film related projects, including the development the software platform, well many the business choices are overseen dar warison. addition the core team and our advisers, shivers media has retained outside legal counsel, which has specialty cryptocurrency and tax law. distribution platform the goal the company develop unique software application that utilizes blockchain technology way distribute films. this comes with some challenges but also provides with great opportunity use emerging technology pioneer new platform for our consumers. distribution options effectively get our products into the hands our customers, will have maintain clear delivery channel that provides ease access, ease use, and awareness our consumer. providing ease access can accomplished via allowing our products accessed via existing methods, such smart tv's, smart phones, tablets, pc's, and game consoles. obtaining shivers tokens must also easy obtain, our content requires tokens keys. this can accomplished number ways, including allowing the purchase our products subscription basis and providing content, which previously unlocked via company pool tokens. ensure the direct profitability our content, the intention shivers media seek out and negotiate theatrical distribution for all our content. this will allow the ability provide our content creators with greater share revenue than they would normally accustomed well providing the company with revenue generate additional content. all home-media distribution will through the shivers platform shall require direct payment shivers tokens from home-media distributors way compensate for the potential loss shivers tokens being burned their use keys. marketing options marketing motion picture normally the sole responsibility the distributor. happily take this responsibility and shall utilize our advertising partnership with infamous horror and other social media outlets. these outlets combined have close two million people watching. our primary outlet for marketing infamous horror, facebook page which focuses the niche genre horror films. infamous horror managed samuel gauvin and based canada. top marketing with infamous horror, have several other methods generating buzz for our projects. this includes and not limited advertising with horror-centric film websites, interactive websites that promote our films, and software such games video game dlc. the industry movie industry overview traditionally, independent film defined film that finds its production financing outside the studios and free studio creative control. recent years, the line has been blurred between independent and studio films all the majors have established 'independent' specialty film divisions such universal studio's subsidiary focus features walt disney's miramax films. regardless how films are financed and made, the studios still largely control the theatrical distribution films. independently produced films are able avoid the high overhead costs the studios putting together the personnel and other required elements production film-by film basis. their budgets can range from the hundreds thousands dollars hundred million dollars. independent films normally offer more creative freedom than studio controlled films, often leading more intelligent and original films than the standard hollywood fare. the basic stages making motion pictures are: development, pre-production, production, and post-production. development consists the writing acquiring script, preliminary casting considerations, and the acquisition financial backing for the film. pre-production involves the budgeting and scheduling production, location scouting, set construction, the hiring various creative and technical personnel, well the finalization casting. production begins when principal photography commences, and generally lasts between four and twelve weeks. during the postproduction phase, the film assembled and edited. once the picture "locked", the audio goes through sound mix where the dialog "sweetened" and music and sound effects are added. the final film then digitally color corrected and makes its way finished medium that you see projected theaters. the entire post-production phase typically requires six eight months. the costs this point are referred the film's production "negative costs". milestone projections (roadmap) background and development the milestone projections for shivers assume conservative level success for deals negotiated with talent. many factors affect the success any business and will make adjustments our road-map overcome unforeseen circumstance, including the following: innate commercial appeal funding negotiations timing release cohesive workforce maintaining cohesive and focused workforce the single most significant factor determining the success business's ability create proposed products. this closely followed the agreement that the company has with its talent. however, all these factors affect the eventual bottom line. for the purposes this document, are displaying timeline eight months for the initial release our products. projections this section contains the shivers roadmap beginning with the initial token sale. the projections are based estimates provided independent contractors and software development companies which may enter into negotiations, well current trends the industry. initial legal formation (november this stage includes incorporation and the initial agreements between founders. business structure decided and the business plan created. industry partnerships (november partnership deals, both public and private, are created. including our agreement with infamous horror and others. private sale (december tokens are sold the earliest adopters with deals negotiated individually. pre-sale (janurary the selling our token. the price lasts for one month and allows prepare our promotional reach anticipation for the public token sale. token sale (februrary sales shivers tokens are offered four different price ranges depending the week the month. software development (march continuous) portion the proceeds converted into usd and used hire development team begin the initial steps towards creating the software proposed this document. initial film production (march the production our selected horror films begins this time. this includes breaking down the script, scheduling, budgeting, and setting motion the production our films. beta release (software) (july the initial shivers distribution platform should exist basic form and released the public way test it's functionality and provide feedback the development team for desired changes and features. initial film releases (july the earliest possible releases our films shall occur july. this strongly dependent the software functionality and our ability maintain our production schedule. public release (software/film) (august the public release first version the software along side the release our first major film. all the items are subject change and may extended any time. legal implications and precautions regulatory uncertainty shivers media, llc has consulted with legal advisers about the potential implications shivers tokens being considers securities and have taken extra steps distance our product from being considered security. part our white paper any company-created material should confuse the product that are offering security are not offering equity ownership, right profit, payment (direct indirect), facilitating "reasonable expectation profits" from shivers media, llc. part this document describes the speculative nature cryptocurrency reinforces speculative approach shivers tokens. buyers this token are expected purchase the token for the purpose use the platform which are developing and receive future products which create, such horror films. while have designed our product comply with the sec rules via the howey test, there guarantee the sec any unforeseen entity regulatory body will change regulations regarding cryptocurrency. are also working with tax attorney ensure our tax liability satisfied and meets existing laws. please consult with tax attorney regarding the implications related purchases cryptocurrency and the trading thereof. cryptocurrency laws amongst world economies and governments, cryptocurrency has been topic continual debate. many governments feel that allowing cryptocurrency for legal transactions and use would ultimately result loss economic power and shift towards decentralized economies globally. even though many countries across the world permit cryptocurrencies, they have been under scrutiny and seen with skeptical eyes many others. certain countries have gone the extent banning the currency, making its use, possession, and trade illegal. according the columbia science and technology law review, the regulatory responses emerging technologies, and blockchain particular, range from excitement suspicion indifference. the law review states that the u.s. federal government has not exercised its constitutional preemptive power regulate blockchain the exclusion states (as generally does with financial regulation) even expressed intention so, regardless the interest federal agencies. and the states remain free introduce their own rules and regulations. example, although new york did not enact statewide legislation recognizing blockchain for record-keeping purposes, june became the first state the u.s. regulate virtual currency companies through state agency rulemaking. least eight u.s. states have worked bills accepting promoting the use bitcoin and blockchain technology, while couple them have already passed them into law. shivers media, llc info@shivers.io