the future decentralized gaming entertainment blockchain showhand blockchain platform white paper december (contents the white paper are subject changes and improvements) the contents this document are official and proprietary information showhand blockchain. distribution through non-official channels strictly prohibited. all rights reserved table contents industry overview introduction showhand gaming industry problems and solutions current problems showhand's blockchain solutions iota protocol ethereum blockchain use cases analysis online gaming land-based (offline) gaming showhand ecosystem showhand payment solution dapp and api integration system security structure light client wallet smart contracts technology certified fair standard initial coin offering token issuance detail token structure token price budget planning go-to-market strategy future roadmap team and advisor risk disclosure references disclaimer this white paper meant describe showhand's currently projected plans for developing its business and its showhand token. nothing this document should treated read guarantee promise how showhand's business will develop the utility value the showhand the document outlines our current plans, which could change our discretion, and the success which will depend many factors outside our control, including market-based factors and factors within the cryptocurrency industries, regulations, and among others. any statements about future events are based solely our analysis the issues described this document, and our analysis may prove incorrect. contributing showhand subject many potential risks. some which are described this paper, and some which are provided the faq for the showhand token and the token offering and the risk disclosures for the token offering. these documents, along with additional information about our business and the showhand, are available our website. participants showhand token sale could lose all some the value the funds used purchase showhand. industry overview "gaming principle inherent human nature." edmund burke. author and philosopher. the gaming industry rapidly growing. how much so? the size the online gaming market projected increase from billion billion the total gaming market (combined online and land based) projected grow billion compared just billion while online gaming entertainment only made the total betting and gaming industry this industry currently experiencing revolution. this industry has lot potential grow online gaming providers are starting diversify the types gaming options, attracting new generation players from around the globe. for example, the popularity esports betting also currently growing significant rate. fantasy sports leagues, point-spread betting, and video game tournament betting are all becoming large markets. according researchers chris grove and adam krejcik eilers research, esports gaming will skyrocket become billion dollar industry compared just million dollar industry what showhand? and why important the industry? showhand revolutionary instant payment method using blockchain technology. also decentralized gaming platform with "certified fair" games. our proprietary certification process will ensure that game rigged, and all numbers are generated randomly using rngs. showhand token (coin ticker: hand), erc/erc standard cryptocurrency built the ethereum public blockchain. using showhand token gaming payment will eliminate inefficient international currency conversion and expensive transaction fees. players will longer have through the process depositing withdrawing money and from online gaming platforms. transactions between gaming platform and player will done directly between the two parties fast, safe and anonymous way without the need any trusted third-party intermediaries. players can join the game whenever and wherever they want. players hold their own private keys, thus have full control their funds with unbreakable blockchain based authentications. future implementation includes decentralized gaming entertainment ecosystem that "provably fair", creating trustless, transparent and frictionless ecosystem based smart contract technology. our current contractual partners include two industry-leading online entertainment platform china and multiple land-based gaming providers coming late gaming industry ..problems four significant problems affecting the growth the gaming industry trust centralization the reason that providers find hard build trust with their customers. centralized entity, entertainment providers control the capital, the games, and the bookmakers. players are often concerned about exploitation from rigged gaming system, especially the current online environment which lacks proper system for the regulation providers. propose decentralized system, where single operators will dominate the gaming system. what does that mean for users? users longer have worry whether they are playing trustworthy untrustworthy entertainment provider. the inherently trustless design blockchain technology will make online gaming fair for all parties involved. with showhand, anyone can develop and host games which other users the platform can participate. withdrawal fee gaming platforms, both online and land based, participants need deposit money the entertainment provider exchange for chips before they can join game. this exchange process slow and cumbersome, and users' chips could stolen. when users stop playing, some online platforms refuse users requests cash out their chips. for example, users are required have minimum balance kept their accounts. some gaming providers force users play enough rounds that the entertainment platform can take the deposited money back. even worse, some gaming platforms charge withdrawal fees player winnings. expensive payment process online gaming providers face many difficulties setting payment for their customers, ranging from banks withholding funds from the entertainment providers transactions that get lost the process. under the current processing rules major credit card processors, such visa and mastercard, online gaming websites are considered high-risk merchants. those credit card issuers are not obligated process those transactions. they not want process funds for gaming merchants, players will out luck. there are also fees that are imposed banks the online entertainment providers. credit card processors charge between every deposit that online gaming provider makes, which essentially eats into their profits. money laundering many gaming providers are also facing strict regulations money laundering and have obligations under the law make sure the deposited funds from players originate from legal source. the time, money, and energy needed deal with legal issues related money laundering means that gaming providers often have cut corners order stay business. this leads overall negative customer experience and can even damage entertainment provider's reputation beyond repair. besides that, the overhead expenses setting international payment gateway and managing player balances are very costly and inefficient. all this has proven significant problem for many entertainment provider operators. can solve this problem through the showhand blockchain infrastructure. summary problems for the gaming industry the existing problems for players players money are held gaming platform exchange for gaming chips. withdrawal amounts are limited restricted. gaming providers charge fees every time user wins money and want withdraw their game winnings. international currency conversion includes unnecessary fees and very slow process. the existing problems for entertainment providers land based entertainment providers have deal with potential fraud problems from customers, such the use fake money exchange for real gaming chips. online gaming platforms face regulation issues, such money laundering money from illegal origin. entertainment providers need pay high taxes for fiat currency income. high cost setting payment gateway for online entertainment providers. high overhead cost for managing customers' account balances and the entertainment provider payment system. operators sometimes misjudge the size the stakes due various reasons, which means gaming platform lose money. solutions showhand blockchain platform showhand token (hand) the standard ethereum erc/erc cryptographic token used the showhand blockchain platform. players who hold the token can use play against the entertainment providers and other players. players hold the private key and personal wallet, using them pay and receive tokens from entertainment providers (showhand wallet compatible with all the mainstream ethereum wallets, which makes easy use and develop). players can exchange the showhand token other ethereum cryptographic tokens via shapeshift other cryptocurrency exchanges. showhand token fast, safe, and anonymous payment solution that leverages the power blockchain technology. the graph below illustrates how showhand token simplifies the payment process. the transaction goes directly from entertainment providers players and vice versa and also decentralized player-to-player (d-pp), without going through complicated and expensive payment gateway. our solution eliminates the third-party payment intermediaries and results faster and frictionless payment solution where everyone saves time and money. now the payment goes directly from entertainment provider providers players, ditching major hurdle credit card and bank processing. the fund will arrive the account approximately minute (reduce from hours) matter where you are the world. far payment fees are concerned, instead being charged multiple fees using traditional payment gateway, there zero fee for using the showhand payment solution. the following graph shows the transaction process showhand payment solution: gaming platform gaming provider six advantages using showhand token: more reliable and safer choice than fiat currency for gaming showhand token completely anonymous restriction the amount transactions withdrawal fee (unlike conventional payment withdrawal from online gaming providers) easy conversions other ecr- standard tokens all transactions and from providers are transparent and auditable iota protocol will consider using the iota protocol future development, lightweight distributed ledger for iot. original cryptocurrency technology was not meant handle hundreds thousands transactions that see today. iota was created that transactions are quick and cost-free. "in almost all cases: blockchains the first and second generation are using transactions fees prevent peers from spamming the network. bitcoin's transaction fees are approx. per transaction (oct iota, however, has mining, blocks, transaction fees. the security and consensus the network not divided among miners, validators, and users." users the network validate two old transactions (via proof work) order able conduct one their own. one receives reward, and one has pay transaction fees." ethereum protocol will also paying specific attention the ethereum upgrade, which set occur this major upgrade, ethereum will transition from proof work (pow) hybrid pow/pos, which opens new door for improved security, scalability and privacy network. this implementation will enable ethereum network handle thousands transactions per second comparable the traditional credit card payment processors. since showhand based the ethereum protocol, believe the upgrade will further enhance our payment solution and accelerate our development bring much needed decentralized, smart contract-based gaming platform the industry. use cases analysis online gaming providers scenario without showhand online gaming provider lili interested playing online poker game. she decides play online pokermates' website. she thinks it's reputable site but doesn't know for sure. after few rounds texas hold'em, she realizes that she isn't winning much usual. she loses some money and decides stop playing after while. she fears the game might rigged but can't really verify whether not. the next day she checks her bank account balance and notices missing. during all the rounds texas hold'em, she had only lost she calls her bank and asks about the charges. turns out that pokermates had payment gateway that wasn't secure. this meant that anyone, including pokermates could have stolen the money from her account. she reports fraud and cancels her card. hopefully, she will able recover the lost money. either way, she will likely not visit traditional online gaming sites again. scenario with showhand online gaming provider lili interested playing online poker game. she decides play the showhand dapp instead using traditional gaming website. since the cryptocurrency exchange platform that she purchases hand tokens from very reputable, lili longer has worry about sending sensitive payment information sketchy sites with the possibility having her bank account hacked. after buying tokens, she starts play placing stake with hand token gaming operator's public address. she loses few rounds texas hold'em and decides take break from playing. she wants verify that the game not rigged. she finds out that all games the showhand are open-source, meaning that anyone can take look the code takes make the game. lili and her friend victoria both exam the code, and turns out that the random number generators(rngs) the texas hold'em game that lili played indeed absolutely fair, meaning that the game's code written that both the entertainment provider and player have equal odds winning. through this investigation source code, lili decides that she will continue play the game the future. land-based gaming providers scenario without showhand land-based gaming center oscar vacation and interested playing betting game carl's gaming center. forgets bring cash and has use atm withdraw money. wants withdraw play with, but his bank has daily withdrawal limit takes only that amount. doesn't realize that atms carl's gaming center charge fee for each cash withdrawal. after getting cash, has spend few minutes exchange his cash for gaming chips. plays few games and wins some money. when goes cash out, discovers that something doesn't add the way should. seems doesn't have many gaming chips thought had. oscar isn't certain they were stolen, lost them the dealer just misjudged the stack amount the table. when standing line exchange gaming chips for cash, finds out that carl's gaming center chargers him his winnings. because that particular gaming provider the only place can cash out with those particular gaming chips, has other option but accept the fee. the end, ends losing lot the money the process when should have won significantly more. what does this mean for carl's entertainment provider the long run? carl's entertainment provider just lost possible returning customer due the bad overall experience oscar had. will likely not return. scenario with showhand land-based gaming center oscar vacation and interested playing game baccarat carl's entertainment provider. when he's carl's gaming center, sees sign outside saying "we accept showhand." the bottom the sign, oscar sees link the showhand website and decides try out. oscar purchases hand tokens from his favorite cryptocurrency exchange and can now start playing. longer has pay high atm withdrawal fees carl's gaming center. doesn't even have wait line get gaming chips. can simply place bet with hand tokens. walks over game table, whips out his phone, uses the showhand dapp (decentralized application), sets the amount wants bet, and scans the barcode join the game. wins the game baccarat, the dealer returns tokens his wallet simply clicking entertainment provider client dapp. doesn't have worry about keeping with gaming chips the entire time he's the entertainment provider. even better, when oscar ready leave the entertainment provider, doesn't have stand line cash out and doesn't have pay any extra fees. oscar leaves carl's gaming center feeling like winner. will definitely coming back play again. knows (win, lose, draw) that this gaming experience exceptional. the graph below compares the traditional gaming vs. gaming with showhand: showhand ecosystem showhand payment system with the revolutionary showhand payment solution, our goal eliminate third party payment processors, making gaming payment faster, easier and more secure. there will hidden fees, chargebacks, and declined payments when entertainment providers choose accept showhand token. initial testing shows the transaction speed faster and cheaper when using showhand vs. traditional credit card payment gateways. the following section solidity code for transferring balances between entertainment provider player between player player showhand wallets: fig showhand wallet balance showhand platform may reward dividend tokens every year players who constantly hold showhand token their wallet. here example code for how users can receive dividends. fig general dividend reward land-based gaming provider payment the following graph the interface design illustration showhand dapp: dapp and api integration showhand dapp currently under development. alpha wallet version "macau" will released the second quarter with functional payment method that going pave the way for the future mobile gaming and betting future events such sports and elections, players will able bet against each other the go. the project aiming release alpha open api for entertainment provider integration the fourth quarter upon release, will integrated with our two online entertainment provider partners. our goal finish the development open api for both online and land based entertainment providers the fourth quarter intended system security structure security and server logic fig security structure illustration showhand uses our proprietary technology and cutting edge blockchain structure ensure maximum transaction efficiency and highest level security. part the structure illustrated above the figure graph. the client dapp the initial access point, from there users communicate with game server via vlan (virtual local area network) participate game. the result the game handled the game servers, and the result will written into the showhand ethereum blockchain network. the rpc node acts the gateway for data travel and from the blockchain. addition, game servers follow strict security rules related handling communication channels between other servers. those servers are not directly accessible from the website and cannot communicate with each other. typology this kind ensures that the security level the network the highest available without sacrificing efficiency. (figure light client wallet fig intended light wallet structure illustration showhand developing light client wallets support the growth the gaming ecosystem and make easier for third party developers adopt our api speed payments our platform. showhand light client wallet ensures the efficiency transactions and data retrieval, especially low capacity devices, such smart phones and tablets. doing so, will allow only small amounts data stored the client wallet while most data stored the full node. all the data encrypted signature with full security measure the main showhand ethereum blockchain. our planned features include: open source java libraries mobile application for ios and android platforms client application for windows, mac, and linux user interface layer (ui) consists templates visuals, layout, animation and expressions. logic layer consists template smart contracts and user profile management. smart contracts on-going development, showhand will implement smart contract technology allow games run autonomously the blockchain, essentially creating trustless system where middle man not needed, and the outcomes the game are random without human influences. smart contracts will handle all gaming logics. smart contract executes when certain conditions are met and thus transparent, automated and auditable. this eliminates the possibility that game rigged gaming provider. our current roadmap launch dapp with number games integrated with our blockchain ensure games are "provably fair" design. "for the first time, gaming real time without trust made possible with showhand." showhand certified fair are set create the most honest, "cheating free" gaming ecosystem history. every game that listed our platform goes through rigorous code review make sure proven fair, which means gaming outcomes are generated randomly. the long term, will contribute the development industry standard certifications. "showhand contributing the development certification for gaming fairness." order create "cheating free" ecosystem, all new games published our platform must through the following validation process: new game proposal: before game submitted the showhand platform for the public participate, proposal containing the logic and rule the game has submitted our panel and reviewed the gaming community. smart contract code submit review: all the new game logic will the form smart contract code. those code will reviewed the public for period time and voting mechanism will involved decide whether the game should proceed next phase not. sandbox beta testing everything goes well, the game will deployed our sandbox network for testing. experienced players are invited join this beta test the game logic fair enough, bug-free and contains hidden cheating logic. public with gaming amount management order protect the general public who are participating new games, the betting amount controlled gradually increasing manner. for example, new game limited million hand tokens per player total transaction volume for the first month. there are valid complaints any cheating reported, the volume can doubled the next month. everything goes well, the game will finally remove the volume constraint. all above logic will implemented our dao and all the board members can any token holders from our community. this total democracy and fair process! the graph below shows what player perceives when joining game online entertainment provider and what might actually happen behind the scenes. some online gaming systems are set way that the house will have advantage over players because some entertainment providers not use random number generators (rngs) program randomness into game. this scenario, players always end losing. this the reason why "certified fair" industry standard much needed. traditional online gaming rules are created favor gaming provider rigged gaming system initial contribution offering token issuance showhand issuing trillion (,,,,) hand tokens, which will offered the public during the initial contribution offering (ico). the ico session will last for one month. will reward bonus tokens participants for the first and second weeks, and bonus for contributors participating ico the third and fourth weeks. showhand token has maximum annual inflation rate for the first years, which means each year additional tokens will issued the market for satisfying the ever-growing gaming industry. from the year, will adjust the inflation rate best foster the growth the gaming industry. maximum total supply hand tokens will capped trillion. token structure tokens for the public crowdsale tokens for the showhand team will kept for institutional investors tokens for marketing and partnership incentives tokens for the showhand foundation tokens for bounty and contingency token price showhand project plans raise usd $,,. the ico will start january th, gmt and end february th, gmt. (*details the exchange process will published our official website. due regulations, u.s resident, entity citizen are excluded from participating the token sale ico event.) eth hand budget planning intend use the raised fund following: fund for platform development, infrastructure building, api integration with entertainment providers and continuous system maintenance (includes employment costs, office operational indirect costs). for marketing, community promotion, and partnerships (includes advertisements, communication efforts get new communities involved, and co-financing third party online and land based entertainment provider integrations with showhand system). for administration (legal, security and accounting services includes all third party legal, accounting audit, and system security service providers.) for contingency fund go-to-market strategy there are other gaming-focused cryptocurrencies already existence; however, none have gained enough the market share considered dominant force. how does showhand plan successful market without proven winner? believe that this project will succeed because both our proprietary technology and our go-to-market strategy. upon successful initial contribution offering event, will focus developing our alpha release the showhand wallet prototype and collaborate with online gaming partners. have entered relationship with two reputable online gaming providers macau. they have large customer bases and strong experience the gaming industry. believe will accelerate the adoption the showhand token. will also help refine our products based actual daily usage and customers feedback. first, while some competitors focus either event betting slot machine games, will include both our platform. this helps gain attention from different groups players from within the gaming community. having number betting options and the possibility continuously adding new games that are provably fair the platform will keep showhand fresh and relevant. second, think some other gaming-focused cryptocurrencies are looking the wrong geographic regions for early growth. one the challenges with north america europe, for example, that online gaming faces many regulations. the long-term, expect that these regions will loosen restrictions gaming, making cryptocurrency the gaming industry reality. for the short-term, recognize that regulations lead overall market instability north america and europe, making investments these markets relatively risky compared the asia-pacific. that's why after successful pilot run with our two partner entertainment providers macau, plan international working with online and land based online gaming providers asia. according the cambridge judge business school, the asia-pacific far the world's most popular region when comes current cryptocurrency adoption rates. also, this region's gaming industry projected grow six percent every year until least the graph below depicts the share cryptocurrency users geographical distribution: addition, there are currently countries asia where "high risk" gaming legal. are seeking partnership with gaming providers singapore and japan where regulations are clear, and entertainment provider operators are generally honest and law-abiding. partnering with leading entertainment provider singapore, such marina bay sands, will give unique edge accelerating our market success and building strong brand equity. future roadmap showhand blockchain platform roadmap following. will divide development into three phases from each phase set fulfil three key milestones. this roadmap assumes the fund-raised amount near the maximum amount, the actual pace development will correlate the amount capital are able raise the ico event. genesis showhand and ico release alpha dapp wallet (codename: macau) integration with partnering online gaming providers release beta dapp wallet (codename: vegas) release open api for gaming providers launch ios and android mobile client release decentralized gaming templates implement "certified fair" standard launch first iteration decentralized gaming core team tom cheung project manager tom serial entrepreneur, has worked with numerous blockchain startups for creating innovative blockchain solutions. tom holds mba and b.a degree. mister white lead blockchain developer mister white white hat hacker and software engineer. has vast software development experience solidity and smart contract. russell nibbelink senior software developer russell experienced full-stack software developer who passionate about cryptocurrency and blockchain technology. russell holds engineering degree. sachin rana head online marketing sachin online marketing expert. has gained solid experience marketing helping numerous blockchain startups reach new heights. has worked with ethlend (lend) head digital marketing. sachin graduated from the anna university india. chuck yang head corporate strategy chuck co-founder xbounty, decentralized anonymous tipster platform. visionary entrepreneur and well respected blockchain innovator. delton rhodes head public relations delton cryptocurrency enthusiast. active member the crypto community, contributing with his skills social media, copywriting and community relations. advisors investors: dr. jochen biedermann jochen managing partner silk road group, also expert capital market, and reputable blockchain and fintech consultant. marco bodewein marco member the management board acon actienbank ag. yuxing ruan yuxing partner frankfurt main area. genevieve leveille genevieve serves national advisor blockchain technology for estonian government. she also the founder social impact startup creating crypto ledger. andreas grosjean andreas supervisory board member aufsichtsrat. also member the otc committee for the munich stock exchange. risk disclosure risk associated with showhand token and the showhand blockchain platform this document does not constitute offer solicitation sell shares securities showhand blockchain platform, any related associated company. any such offer solicitation would made only means confidential offering memorandum, which this not, and accordance with the terms all applicable securities and other laws. none the information analyses presented are intended form the basis for any investment decision, and specific recommendations are intended. accordingly, this document does not constitute investment advice, counsel, solicitation for investment any security. this document does not constitute form part of, and should not construed as, any offer for the sale subscription of, any invitation offer buy subscribe for, any securities. showhand expressly disclaims any and all responsibility for any direct consequential loss damage any kind whatsoever arising directly indirectly from: (i) reliance any information contained this document, (ii) any error, omission inaccuracy any such information (iii) any action resulting from such information. showhand token, ("hand"), cryptographic token used the showhand platform and related products, operated showhand blockchain platform. (the "platform"). showhand token not security and this not offer sell security. not investment and should not purchased investment. you purchase showhand token, you certify that you are doing out desire use consume hand the showhand blockchain platform, participate the community, attempt personally generate any consideration using hand the network the community. you certify that you are not purchasing showhand token for any speculative, investment, other financial reasons. showhand token not cryptocurrency value. the time this writing, showhand token (i) cannot exchanged for goods services, (ii) has known uses outside the showhand blockchain platform, and evi (iii) cannot traded any known exchanges. there guarantee and indeed there reason believe that the showhand token you own will increase value. showhand token not evidence ownership in, and/or right control, the showhandblockchain platform. holding using showhand token does not grant you ownership equity the showhand blockchain platform. showhand token does not grant any right participate the control, direction decisionmaking the showhand blockchain platform. risk losing access hand due loss credentials the purchaser's showhand token may associated with showhand account until distributed the purchaser. the showhand account can only accessed with login credentials selected the purchaser. the loss these credentials will result the loss hand. loss credentials associated with any third party and digital wallet containing and controlling hand will result loss showhand token. best practices dictate that purchasers safely store credentials one more backup locations geographically separated from the working location. risks associated with the ethereum protocol showhand token and the showhand blockchain platform are currently based the ethereum protocol. such, any malfunction, unintended function unexpected functioning the ethereum protocol may cause the showhand blockchain platform showhand token malfunction function unexpected unintended manner. risks associated with purchaser credentials any third party that gains access the purchaser's login credentials private keys may able dispose misappropriate the purchaser's showhand token. minimize this risk, the purchaser should guard against unauthorized access their electronic devices. risk insufficient interest the showhand platform applications possible that the showhand platform will not used large number entertainment provider businesses, individuals, and other organizations and that there will limited public interest the creation and development distributed applications. such lack interest could impact the development the showhand blockchain platform and therefore the potential uses utility showhand token (hand). risk that the showhand platform, developed, does not meet the expectations the purchaser the showhand blockchain platform and related applications are presently under development and may undergo significant changes before release. any expectations regarding the form and functionality hand the showhand platform held the purchaser may not met upon release for any number reasons, including change the design and implementation plans and execution the showhand blockchain platform. risk theft and hacking hackers other groups organizations may attempt interfere with the showhand blockchain platform the availability showhand token any number ways, including, but not limited to, denial service attacks, sybil attacks, spoofing, smurfing, malware attacks, consensusbased attacks, and the showhand blockchain platform, which could result the theft loss showhand token. unanticipated risks cryptographic tokens are new and untested technology. addition the risks included this risk disclosure, there are other risks, including those that the company cannot anticipate. risks may further materialize unanticipated combinations variations the discussed risks. references citations james stocks co. publication. september accessed december http://www.jamesstocks.com/images/effortandingenuity-theroadtoconsolidation.pdf. pempus, brian. "global gaming market reach billion new research says." card player. september accessed december https://www.cardplayer.com/poker-news/-globalgaming-market-to-reach--billion-by-. "investor presentation." news release, may netent. accessed december https://www.netent.com/en/wp-content/uploads/sites////ir-presentation-may-.pdf. duryee, tricia. "esports wagering estimated hit $.b generating revenues $.b worldwide." geekwire. september accessed december https://www.geekwire.com//esports-wagering-estimated-to-hit--b-by--generating-revenues-of--bworldwide/. "iota- what it, who it?" http://www.tangleblog.com/what-isiota-what-is-the-tangle/. prisco, giulio. "the ethereum killer ethereum vitalik buterin's roadmap." bitcoin magazine. november accessed december https://bitcoinmagazine.com/articles/ethereum-killer-ethereum-vitalik-buterins-roadmap/. hileman, garrick, and michel rauchs. global cryptocurrency benchmarking study." ssrn electronic journal, doi:./ssrn..