shping coin token sale whitepaper version february this whitepaper introduces you everything you need know participate the first and only token sale for shping coin. stay top developments, subscribe our updates tokensale.shping.com shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver jan disclaimer this document technical whitepaper setting out the current and future developments the shping platform authenticateit pty ltd (authenticateit) and the release the shping coins for use the shping platform shping pty ltd (shping co). references this paper "shping" are the brand owned authenticateit which will operate the shping platform, unless otherwise stated. this paper for information purposes only and not statement future intent. neither authenticateit nor shping makes any warranties representations the successful development implementation such technologies and innovations, achievement any other activities noted the paper, and disclaims any warranties implied law otherwise, the extent permitted law. person entitled rely the contents this paper any inferences drawn from it, including relation any interactions with authenticateit, shping the technologies mentioned this paper. authenticateit and shping disclaims all liability for any loss damage whatsoever kind (whether foreseeable not) which may arise from any person acting any information and opinions relating authenticateit, shping, the shping platform, the issue shping coins any other information contained this paper any information which made available connection with any further enquiries, notwithstanding any negligence, default lack care. the information contained this publication derived from data obtained from sources believed reliable and given good faith, but warranties guarantees representations are made with regard the accuracy, completeness suitability the information presented. should not relied upon, and shall not confer rights remedies upon, you any your employees, creditors, holders securities other equity holders any other person. each recipient rely solely its own knowledge, investigation, judgement and assessment the matters which are the subject this report and any information which made available connection with any further enquiries and satisfy itself the accuracy and completeness such matters. this document, and any sale tokens referred this document, will subject and governed any terms and conditions purchase such tokens. please note: usa, china and new zealand residents are excluded from purchasing shping coins during the shping token sale. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver feb shping platform innovative self-service, shopper marketing system. similar way abstract that digital advertising platforms are used influence sales online, shping offers the ability for brands and retailers market consumers during shopping instances that occur in-store. yet, unlike advertising platforms, shping enables brands and retailers channel their marketing budgets the world loves shop. few activities satisfy into rewarding the consumer directly for their our most primitive hunter and gatherer attention and engagement instead paying instincts much the act shopping for large sums the media giants. that's win that perfect purchase. shopping part our for businesses and even bigger win for the everyday habits and popular pastime that customers who buy their products. generates trillions dollars for the global economy annually. the mobile age has irrevocably changed our shopping habits forever. today, hunt and gather information the palm our hands searching for information and seeking reviews and approvals before and after take the product the checkout counter. shping coins will become the currency that enables brands, retailers and associated organisations utilise this powerful platform influence and reward consumers make smarter, safer shopping choices. shping takes this the next level. this innovative shopper marketing and brand shping the verge revolutionising the protection platform enhances the path-to- way shop. more and more consumers purchase every stage the product and organisations discover the benefit the journey, even after the customer has left the shping platform, see shping coin evolving store. the shping app enables shoppers into desirable, new payment methodology. scan product barcodes learn pertinent product information supplied industry authorities and brands. also enables consumers check for authenticity, product recall status and product reviews contributed other shping users, all enable consumers make smarter, more informed purchase decisions. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver feb table contents abstract shping's objectives the market opportunity introducing shping features and benefits for consumers features and benefits for brands features and benefits for retailers features and benefits for industry how shping works building global product database trusted data sources marketing consumer incentive system the shping coin economy structure distribution shping's current future plan shping's current snapshot shping milestone plan expansion roadmap development roadmap monetisation model the shping team executive officers management team developers non-executive advisory board strategic partners conclusion appendix history shping shping timeline case study: koalabi ugg boots case study: norco shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver feb chapter shping's objectives our goal for shping coin evolve into new token exchange that incentivizes consumers, brands, retailers and associated organisations work together create safer, smarter way for consumers shop and share information about products the market. our aims are powered four interlocking strategic pillars that shping aims achieve simultaneously. develop the world's largest, trusted global product database through blockchain innovation. the database will perpetually updated brands and users who will incentivized access, add to, review and verify information about products available the market. provide full traceability and auditability the supply chain for consumers, brands, retailers, distributors, certification and governing bodies that they may validate whether any given product safe, authentic and meets their standards. empower and incentivize consumers instantly and conveniently assess the quality, authenticity and suitability the products they are purchasing scanning product barcodes with their mobile device. enable brands, retailers and associated organisations incentivize consumers engage with them manner which non-disruptive and customer-driven (i.e consumer's scanning products), and which aids the purchase their products, and strengthens brand loyalty and reputation. shping coins are central the incentive mechanism that shping will activate ensure meet our objectives. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver feb chapter the market opportunity the following market conditions have inspired the development the shping platform. the rise omnichannel shopping experiences according forecasts emarketer ecommerce sales will account for just total, global retail sales the proportion online sales portion total retail sales forecast .%. this indicates that pervasive e-commerce feels, the overwhelming majority shopping experiences will still occur physical retail environments the short term. spite the growth e-commerce channels, the mobile-internet revolution has not made brick and mortar retail stores obsolete. the contrary, customers seem using mobile devices enhance their in-store shopping experiences increasingly greater numbers. for example, australia, customers reported using digital device assist them before they shopping while customers reported using digital device assist them while they were shopping the store. similar trends are echoed around the world. report euromonitor international suggests that "customer demand for omnichannel shopping unlikely slow down, and retailers operating different regions the world will need overcome the technical and branding challenges seamlessness become truly omnichannel." result, retailers and brands are creating unique and interesting in-store activations entice customers share their shopping experiences social media, subscribe owned-marketing channels and apps help sustain the brand's reach. the competition for consumers grows, the omnichannel sales approach expected become more prolific feature the future retail experience. https://www.emarketer.com/report/worldwide-retail- ecommerce-sales- emarketers-estimates-/ https://www.deloitte.com/au/en/pages/consumer-business/articles/global-powers-of-retailing-.html http://blog.euromonitor.com///new-retailing-research-key-trends-.html shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver feb the information-on-demand paradox world increasing choices, consumers today demand more details from the brands and products they purchase. aware this, brands are interested providing more information about their brands and products influence consumer choices, resulting exponential growth the discipline direct response, content and mobile marketing. while the internet has made range product data available everyone, often, this useful information spread broadly across many different channels that consumers are often not aware it, can't find it, mistrust the source information and ignore it. mobile applications have become increasingly efficient self-service channel satisfy consumer appetite for more information, consideration and services. however, the cost creating these systems out reach for many brands and retailers. accordingly opportunity exists for shping. the shping platform aims use integrated blockchain technology enable customers access verified and useful product information simply scanning product barcode datamatrix. furthermore, incentivises customers so. the growth "self-service" advertising and marketing the internet has democratized advertising media buying forever. digital advertising has evolved become dynamic, automated and programmatically coordinated, booked and scheduled through sophisticated self-service advertising management systems such google adwords, facebook advertising and multitude trading desks. while increasingly powerful consumer mobile technology has opened brands new possibilities reach consumers, these advertising solutions are often complex, costly implement, and are typically unfit for the direct purpose influencing purchase behaviour immediate retail situations. there are many marketing platforms geared towards influencing e-commerce sales, yet, there pervasive, self-service equivalent reach consumers for the majority purchase occasions which still happen in-store. this creates opportunity for simpler, more flexible self-service mobile-marketing model deployed. shping has designed such ecosystem. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver feb the changing shape loyalty programs globalisation has increased competition for brands locally and internationally. result, brands are seeking more opportunities add customers their loyalty programs assist with customer retention and improve their sales performance. customers understand the value exchange these loyalty programs and are subscribing healthy volumes access exclusive offers, discounts and rewards being offered their favourite brands. for example, percent consumers surveyed c's mobile loyalty report said that they make more visits the store because mobile-enabled loyalty programs. the report also revealed that surveyed brands claimed increase loyalty program membership over the previous year, with majority citing mobile loyalty programs the biggest contributor this increase. according the colloquy loyalty census, more than half percent) loyalty program memberships are inactive this creates opportunity for single sign-in mobile loyalty platform that all brands can easily adopt and which more convenient for consumers use across borders. the design such loyalty management system one the core features the shping platform. counterfeiting still growing problem globalisation has created complexities for brands, manufacturers and retailers well counterfeit goods, and fraud continues present significant challenges retailers worldwide, and not uncommon see retailers deploying extra measures protect their products from counterfeiters, including increasing security presences in-store. while the precise size the problem difficult assess, the economic impacts counterfeiting and piracy report prepared for the international trademark association and the international chamber commerce bascap projects the total international trade counterfeit and pirated goods will billion the cost brands audit their supply chains and introduce solutions ensure products sold retail stores are genuine can exorbitant. opportunity therefore exists make brand protection much more accessible through the shping platform. http://go.cinteractive.com/l//--/ss https://www.colloquy.com/resources/pdf/reports/colloquy__loyalty%census.pdf https://cdn.iccwbo.org/content/uploads/sites////icc-bascap-frontier-report-.pdf shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver feb increasing regulation for traceability compliance result increasing safety concerns industry verticals such pharmaceuticals and food manufacturing, number governments are introducing new regulations for serialisation products the saleable unit level enhance traceability, safety and assist faster product recalls. for example, china has already introduced pharmaceutical and food safety laws and increased penalties for manufacturers who not comply the serialisation and traceability protocols. india now also requires companies provide unique serial numbers for pharmaceutical products the tertiary (case), secondary (saleable unit), and mono-carton packaging levels. with the usa and the european union also moving towards requiring unique serialisation the package level for pharmaceuticals, expected that the end the decade, this type measure will become standard requirement for global pharmaceutical supplies. this shift creates opportunity create new traceability and validation mechanism that can universally adopted, and further transformed into investment marketing and brand protection the saleable unit level. shping has developed such solution. the increasing popularity mobile payment platforms mobile phones have long been used consumers provide them with information and research make pre-store and in-store decisions. today, mobile payments are common fixtures among retailers who have accommodated contactless payment systems that are compatible with digital wallet technology embedded into new smartphones. the world moves closer cashless society, mobile payments are expected become more common retail transactions. with greater travel and population movement, this opens the doors for retail-ready, globally accepted cryptocurrency system created. this could shping coin. http://apfoodonline.com/industry/staying-compliant-with-chinas-new-food-safety-law/ http://dgft.gov.in/exim//pn/pn/pne.pdf https://www.fda.gov/drugs/drugsafety/drugintegrityandsupplychainsecurity/drugsupplychainsecurityact/ucm. https://ec.europa.eu/health/sites/health/files/files/eudralex/vol-/reg__/reg___en.pdf shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver feb chapter introducing shping shping the brand authenticateit pty ltd (authenticateit) which delivers and provides the shping platform. the shping platform connects brands, retailers, consumers, and other associated stakeholders like government institutions (e.g asurequality), certification agencies (e.g organics australia) and customs (e.g world customs organization). the first platform its kind, and will enable practical and simple communications between consumers and other stakeholders making powerful resource assist consumers with purchase decisions. central the shping ecosystem global product database which supported growing number reputable, validated data sources such (the organisation responsible for managing global barcode standards), product recall portals from around the world and everledger digital global ledger that tracks the provenance high-value assets such diamonds authenticated immutable manner) and others. shping consolidates and distributes the information shared these groups the common pursuit creating safer, more informed shopping decisions benefit consumers and shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver feb brands. the public interface the shping platform the shping app smartphone application which acts mobile product search engine. the shping app enables anyone scan product's barcode learn more about products and the brands that make them before, during and after making purchase. shping also marketing and consumer engagement platform that enables participating brands and associated organisations incentivize consumers who scan their products. this becomes sustainable mechanism for brands maintain customer loyalty, provide rich product and promotional information influence purchase decisions, and communicate with consumers relation after-sales services such warranty registration and product satisfaction surveys. the near future, shping also plans enable retailers use the shping platform communicate customers, order encourage them visit their store and host other useful features (see page brands, retailers and associated organisations will acquire shping coins and allocate these consumers incentives facilitate the desired engagements and actions they wish for consumers take. shping coin will fuel engagement and incentivize information exchanges between parties, and doing so, will power the constant refresh information the shping platform. features benefits for consumers shping app scanning regular barcodes already packs, the shping app enables consumers tap into shping's global product database extract useful information support them with their shopping choices. exchange for scanning products and engaging with brands through the shping platform, consumers will earn rewards the form shping coins. the rewards will set and provided brands and retailers who have acquired shping coins incentivize consumers scan and engage with their products. such, the number shping coins provided rewards consumers may fluctuate shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver feb based the market value and demand. shping will also incentivize users who fuel the growth the platform scanning and validating product information, adding "shping buddies", adding reviews and adding details about products that are not found the global product database. further, through shping's app and platform, consumers will have access increasingly useful resource, which enables consumers to: look product's ingredients, including information relating the product's nutritional value, origin and composition more detail view interesting additional information that brands may want share such videos, "making-of" documentaries, advertisements, product manuals and recipes; contribute details the global product database, especially for items that are not yet listed the shping product database not have sufficient records rate products for the benefit other shping users read and write product reviews complete questionnaires and surveys from brands determine particular product has been recalled see which certifications the product has secured (if this feature activated the certification authority) verify product's authenticity (if this feature activated brands) register the product for warranty (if this feature activated brands) and more. shping app users will incentivized brands, retailers and associated organisations participate certain actions being rewarded with shping coins. shping grows usage and popularity, expected that the list available actions that will allow users receive shping coins will also grow. shping status shping app users will progress through five tiers status basic, bronze, silver, gold, and platinum. each status change will triggered specific achievements and milestones users become more active and frequent users the shping app (see table ..). table ..: shping status conditions basic bronze silver gold platinum multiplier effect n/a conditions for acquiring and maintaining shping status scans required per month n/a allowance days with scan n/a shping buddies connected n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a number shping coins held users (in linked digital wallet) additionally, token buyers who meet certain conditions during the token sale will eligible for platinum status for life. this will the only time this exclusive privilege will offered. see page for details. shping app users will able upgrade their status scanning predetermined number product barcodes regularly, inviting and adding "shping buddies", accumulating and maintaining high volume shping coins their linked digital wallets maintain gold platinum status. these membership levels then act multiplier effect enabling shping app users earn higher shping coins per average for each action. users can only upgrade downgrade one tier time, once month. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver jan users who are regular contributors the global product database, will have accuracy ratings assigned them. users with higher accuracy ratings may earn shping coins from shping based their accuracy rating, and given special titles within the shping community. all information entered contributors verified shping's moderation team, who will manually check information from the public domain ensure matches the information entered the contributor. basicbasicbasicbasic bronze basic bronze bronze bronze bronze silver silver silver silver silver gold goldgold gold platinum gold platinum platinum platinum platinum the information has been verified correctly, the contributor will receive the shping coin allocated reward for this action. the information correct, the user would only receive and on. the system would average the score for all contributions order calculate the contributor's score. for example, contributor enters information relation different products, where those products receive rating the shping moderator and products receive rating the average rating for the contributor would equate shping buddies shping app users will have the option inviting others use the shping app and adding them their network "shping buddy". inviting and adding shping buddies will entitle users earn bonus shping coins from shping including the opportunity receive additional shping coins monthly basis for each active shping buddy their network. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver jan features benefits for brands shping marketing module the shping platform will provide brands and marketers with new and highly targeted channel send useful messages consumers when they scan their product's barcodes with the shping app. will also provide brands with access valuable aggregate data about these consumers' buying habits through the shping marketing module. shping marketing both unicast and multicast communication platform for brands program and automate messages reach consumers granular level. through this powerful channel, brands have access suite useful features including: direct-to-consumer communication enabling brands deliver messages their consumers critical stages their buying journeys. consumer demographic and behavior analytics offering advanced analytics suite that provides brands and retailers with access comprehensive consumer patterns and trends. targeted, personalized marketing giving brands powerful tool market consumers their products, based time, location and behavioural and demographic criteria provided consumers. ready-made loyalty program enabling brands reward consumers the form shping coin for engaging with their products the shping platform e.g. leaving reviews and engaging with information about the brand's products. social media integration allowing brands encourage their consumers subscribe and interact with their social media channels. rich automation marketing features provides marketers with the ability create and layer sequenced, highly relevant communications which are aligned consumer's behaviours and the brand's understanding their buying journey. these features include our own artificial intelligence interface, shping bot. shping security module another unique feature the shping platform that provides brand owners the ability activate powerful brand protection and security features. using serialized global trade item number (sgtin), and unique datamatrix code, manufacturers will able identify and track each individual product through the shping platform. the shping security module enables brands physically track their products through their supply chain; with auditability and traceability from the point manufacture the point sale, enabling brands to: shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver jan track and trace enabling brands track all electronic product code information information services (epcis) events, and track the product through its chain custody. add the global product database enables brands store detailed information about their products shping's database order make that data accessible consumers and stakeholders who wish access it. activate product authentication allows customers verify the authenticity product and confirm its location which turn enables brands identify anomalies the supply chain activate grey import monitoring brands can alerted grey imports (also known parallel imports) such where products are being delivered retail outlets through channels outside brand's official distribution channels. raw material traceability enables manufacturers track their stock raw materials, and provide data structures linking the use specific raw materials their products, giving granular understanding product's composition. product recall management enables brands identify product has any components for which recall has been issued and alert consumers given product under recall soon they scan the product, they have scanned the product previously. activating warranties enabling customers register their product warranties within the shping platform. this feature also provides brands with fraud protection, brands are able limit warranties for grey-imports, for example. shping also allows brands sell extended warranties the shping platform. activate traceability and serialisation comply with new regulations providing unprecedented visibility the location products the supply chain, enabling brands quickly pinpoint items down the saleable unit and activate product recalls efficiently and proactively. this very useful for meeting food and pharmaceutical serialisation compliance protocols rolling out internationally. take advantage traceability regulation brands can use the new serialisation protocols offer information about product down the saleable unit level meaning that promotions specific products certain locations, stock replenishment and recalls affecting small batches can issued faster. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver jan features benefits for retailers shping retail module shping retail closes the loop between brands, the retail outlets who stock the brand's products and the consumers who are buying these products the retail outlets. this module will assist retailers establish direct channel with consumers who have scanned products their stores, resulting cost-effective marketing tool that can used personalise and target marketing messages. the shping retail module currently development and shping plans deliver the module the end the first quarter through the shping retail module, retailers will have the opportunity access the shping platform influence foot traffic their stores, mobilise flash sales certain products, drive ongoing interest, preference and loyalty for their outlets, and even offer augmented reality experiences make the shopping experience more fun. the following features are small sample what can implemented for shping retailers the future. shping will enable retailers to: provide product information consumers that relevant their store e.g alert customers fresh shipment particular product. incentivize customers leave store reviews, purchase products subscribe retailer's digital channels receive special offers. support consumers with in-store navigation their favourite products learn more about their customers through analytics suite. launch augmented reality (ar) style product promotions and gamify the shopping experience. track products from the point manufacture all the way through placement the store. confirm product's authenticity before they accept into their warehouse outlet. interact with brands assist with their sales promotions. the shping retail module will developed with safeguards and transparent rules for participating retailers ensure the system respectful consumers. for shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver jan example, retailers will only permitted use the platform communicate with customers about products that they have scanned with the shping app and have been purchased their retail store. there will also limitations the amount times retailer permitted communicate with single customer over specific time period. features benefits for the industry wide range stakeholders from manufacturers certification authorities and custom officials will benefit from the shping platform. these benefits include; auditing product's chain custody through the supply chain. identifying instances where certifications may misused counterfeited. enabling product messages pushed customers that promote enhance the certifications (e.g certified organic australian produce). incentivizing customers purchase products, add reviews, subscribe other digital channels such email lists social media. meeting new compliance and industry regulations for traceability down the saleable unit, especially regulated markets such food and pharmaceutical industries. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver jan chapter how shping works building global product database. the shping ecosystem built product information provided number data sources including consumers, brands, retailers, manufacturers well governmentowned and independent certification bodies and agents acting within the supply chain. shping collects information from these sources into continuously updated, distributed product database (the global product database). using the shping app, anyone can scan product's gs-compliant barcode datamatrix code access the synthesized product information the global product database help them make smarter and safer buying choices through the shping app. fig shping's global product database continuously updated trusted and validated sources, including from the consumers themselves. our socially-engineered validation process ensures that trusted information will continuously updated brands, retailers and consumers, helping make the world's largest, global product database trustworthy and accessible all (see fig ...). shping supports all product identifiers, barcodes and datamatrix codes. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver jan common form global trade item number (gtin) the code printed the bottom traditional ean barcode. developed gs, gtins identify tradeable items. these gtin identifiers are used look product information database, usually through carrying out barcode scan. the unique nature and universality gtins make them useful establishing corresponding links between product listed disparate databases. serialized global trade item numbers (sgtin) are uniquely applied codes, usually the form datamatrix code, and are typically used manufacturers help identify and track individual units. unlike gtins, sgtins are only applied individual item rather than all items the same type product. sgtin codes are expected become more prolific feature products the future traceability compliance regulation enforced countries around the world. shping offers serialisation for manufacturers meet traceability compliance part its shping security offering (see page the shping database architecture uses gtin the key index allow link other product-related data including sgtin data. scanning gtin and sgtin barcodes, shping users can reveal valuable information about products help them feel safer about their product choices (see figure ..). fig shping links information from gtin barcodes and sgtin datamatrix provide shping users with access rich array product information, which accessible through the shping platform. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver jan blockchain integration the shping platform powered ethereum smart contracts, next generation blockchain protocol, and manages product traceability the back hyperledger and standards. shping combines the epcis standards (https://www.gs.org/epcis) with powerful blockchain technology. shping has also partnered with everledger help create private blockchain based the hyperledger fabric (https://www.hyperledger.org) play the role register for epcis events, allowing information exchanged quickly and securely such the serialization products, items movement through the supply chain, sales, and product recall alerts. all brands, distributors and retailers can become member this network, start their nodes and use epc codechain. shping's blockchain integration agent will provide blockchain information consumers and third parties via epcis soap service. fig shping architecture nb: figure show's shping's architecture. everything contained within the lower-shaded area work progress i.e everledger integration. the information contained the top-right shaded area part our future plan i.e integration with more certification organisations. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver jan trusted data sources shping has number data sources that feed into its global product database, which shping aims use develop unique, trusted and reliable source valuable information. data from brands and their supply chain the dataset collected from brands and their supply chain may include product's point origin, well records pertaining the chain ownership throughout the supply chain, shipping and consignment details. may also include information the raw materials contained the product, information how the product was handled the point sale and even temperature logs. through the shping security module, brands can track, audit and trace their products through their supply chain from the point manufacture the point sale. this data can also use manufacturers, retailers and consumers ensure that product has met the requisite conditions and has been authenticated throughout the supply chain ensure that the product front them genuine. finally, this data source also includes information created brands and added the global product database for consumers discover when they scan products with their shping app. this data may include product fact sheets, marketing messages, product promotions, videos, warranty details and more (see shping marketing module page data from local members shping has set partnerships with australia, singapore, russia, malta and azerbaijan with more negotiations progress. global, independent, non-profit organisation responsible for the development and upkeep supply chain standards that enable organisations store, transfer and exchange data and information smoothly and universally. its most well-known standard the barcode which was introduced and has revolutionized data and supply chain management across the retail, healthcare, transport and logistics industries. tools help organisations exchange critical data from manufacturing all the way the point purchase creating common language that underpins systems and processes all over the world. the core gs's trusted data the national product catalogue, gs's renowned product and item data synchronisation service. since the national product catalogue has been used thousands organisations, now including shping. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver jan data from certification authorities certification authorities are recognized accrediting bodies that can validate, audit, confirm and award endorsements brands and products that meet the requirements particular standard. common certifications include those that represent safety standards, ingredient standards, sourcing and manufacturing standards. shping has partnered with: australian certified organic (australia's largest organic certification body) asurequality (owned the new zealand government) the national farmer's federation (australia) rosselkhoznadzor (russian federal service for veterinary and phytosanitary surveillance the asia food safety zone changchun (china). shping currently negotiations with more authorities around the globe. shping's partnership with certification authorities enable integrate certified data and test results about millions different products, and links these the product's gtin order make this information accessible the shping app and platform. data from recall portals shping sources information from official product recall authorities from around the world distribute product recall notices for products with specific batch numbers through the shping platform. the shping app instantly notifies users who are scanning who have recently scanned product that the subject product recall. this provides fast way prevent more purchases the defective product from occurring and aids the rapid return products the point purchase for refund, exchange service. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver jan crowdsourced data shping incentivizes users create and verify product information, product location and the appeal products their possession, using the shping app rewarding them with shping coins. additionally, every time shping app consumer scans barcode which does not yet appear the database or, finds discrepancy the product information, consumers will earn bonus shping coins helping further add layer trust and verification data the global product database. shping app users can also contribute product reviews and rate products through the shping app, adding another layer useful, real-world experience the data available the global product database for other users access. users will have the ability write product information the global product database, shping will implement verification system ensure that the information supplied genuine. cooperation with brands, manufacturers and other users, shping will collaborate safeguard and verify the information contained the database similar method how wikipedia works. users who have demonstrated honest behavior will assigned higher degree credibility, potentially allowing them increase their shping status and earn more tokens per contribution. for more information, please see the shping status section page government data shping has entered partnership with ipm the system used the wco (world custom organization) which enables customs officers access records pertaining the full chain custody product. customs officers can use the shping platform validate the sender and receiver the consignment note matches the track and trace data store, thereby speeding the clearance for the brand. shping has integrated with ciq (china inspection and quarantine) provide system information the shipment food products china where temperature logs, chain custody information, test results and other documentation are required. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver jan data from everledger set out section shping has partnered with everledger, london-based company that uses blockchain, smart contracts and machine vision assist the reduction risk and fraud for banks and insurers. everledger has also created global, digital ledger that tracks, protects and stores the provenance valuable assets. everledger best known for enabling diamond suppliers, border agents and other intermediaries replace the paper process certification with blockchain ledger. date, everledger has placed more than millions diamonds blockchain. the company also moving into luxury goods, wine and other industries where provenance holds great importance. the partnerships enables shping publish data from the state the art blockchain network built everledger (see fig ..). shping app users are then able use the app verify the provenance, characteristics and authenticity the many products recorded the everledger hyperledger blockchain. data sources data types product layer blockchain type iot web services shping sensitive data databases other everledger network data encryption services client private subchain server hsbn fig evl high security blockchain aws other how shping integrates with the everledger hyperledger blockchain shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver jan marketing consumer incentive system shping's goal promote engagement between data sources that users can access all the useful product information from single interface order help them make safer and smarter product choices. encourage this engagement, shping introducing erc compliant, ethereum-based, smart contract currency called shping coin. the shping coin will created and distributed shping pty ltd (shping co), and will integrated within the shping platform through agreement between authenticateit and shping co. shping coins are the reward that shping app users may earn scanning product barcodes and connected datamatrix codes products order access this rich product data source. shping coins will awarded shping app users brands, retailers, authorised associated organisations and shping itself from their own shping coin reserves. pays shop smart the shping app accesses global product database which continuously being enhanced our data sources, users will undoubtedly discover the benefits the shping app mobile search engine products. shping coins simply accelerates usage and adoption the shping app rewarding consumers for certain actions. users can earn shping coins through the shping app number ways, including: scanning entering barcodes serial numbers through the shping app registering new users rating products reviewing products (with text, video photos) viewing product information, photo galleries, videos and advertisements completing missing information the global product database adding new products and information the global product database interacting with brands and retailers through the shping app subscribing brand's social media accounts e.g facebook, twitter and instagram registering products activating warranties. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver jan earning shping coins will subject the terms and conditions use the shping app, and brands' use the shping marketing module. all business-to-consumer transactions through the shping marketing module will conducted using shping coin. brand owners, retailers and other authorised system participants can incentivize shping app users with shping coins view their product information brands and retailers will able give shping coins rewards for consumers who complete product-specific actions, thereby creating powerful combined marketing and incentive tool. brands can use shping coins incentivize customers engage, take actions, simply integrate shping coin part in-built loyalty program. this reward model incentivizes users interact with brands and continually redeem and spend shping coin where appropriate. this means that brands, retailers and authorised participants who wish use the platform promote shping app users pre and post-purchase, will required have sufficient balance shping coins their digital wallets order reward shping app users. shping coins will used encourage shping app downloads, activation and adoption. until shping reaches critical mass both our client and user base, the early stages, shping will using reserve shping coins incentivize shping app users scan products, rate products, upload reviews and complete other desirable actions (the shping app incentive reserve). this ensure create consistently rewarding experience for the consumer from the outset, and encourage usage while more brands and participating parties are onboarded. shping coins can easily stored any erc compliant digital wallets and can transferred and traded manner similar any other digital currency. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver jan chapter the shping coin economy shping coins will used brands, certification authorities and retailers incentivize shping app users engage with product information and participate other pre and post-purchase activities through the app. fig the shping coin economy nb: this diagram for the purpose detailing the potential interactions and flow shping coins through various users. actual movement shping coins will depend number factors, including brand and user uptake. shping makes representations that any the users described will accept shping coins, that there will any market liquidity for the shping coins, that any user will realise any benefit gain from trading, exchanging using shping coins. neither authenticateit nor shping makes any warranties whether the shping coin may listed any cryptocurrency exchange. shping will initially allocate the total pool shping coins (the shping app incentive reserve) for use authenticateit incentivize users and fuel the growth and performance the shping platform (e.g scanning and validating product information and adding valued details about products that are not found the global product database). shping coins that are unsold during the token sale will also added the shping app incentive reserve. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver jan shping coin information for token buyers shping coins will sold shping during the token sale. shping coin erc compliant cryptocurrency token buyers will have the option receive shping coins their token wallet soon the transaction containing their purchase confirmed. however, they will not able send their shping coins any other erc compliant wallet until the oken sale process complete. token buyers could also start using tokens the shping platform brand sing the shping marketing module customer. upon completion the token sale token buyers may transfer shping coins from their wallets other addresses. token buyer also brand owner, they will able use their acquired shping coins run campaigns through the shping marketing module right away please note: usa, china and new zealand residents are excluded from purchasing shping coins during the token sale. bonus structure for token buyers during the token pre sale the token presale will commence midnight january and conclude .pm january central eastern time (cet). all token buyers purchasing shping coin during the period the token presale will receive bonus shping coins, free charge. for example, token buyer wishing purchase shping coins during the token presale the token sale will receive bonus shping coins for total shping coins. the minimum token purchase required during the token presale shping coins. there will also presale hardcap $usd million. bonuses for token buyers during the token crowdsale the token crowdsale will commence midnight february and will conclude .pm march central european time (cet). token buyers who meet one the following conditions listed table during the period the token crowdsale will eligible receive bonus shping coins and/or shping platinum status for life. platinum status users the shping app receive multiplier effect rewards for standard interactions (see table page platinum status for life exclusive privilege that will only ever offered during the token crowdsale. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver jan bonus shping coins are calculated percentage the tokens purchased for the designated period the token crowdsale, and are awarded free charge. for example, token buyer wishing purchase shping coins day the token crowdsale will receive bonus shping coins for total shping. important update the whitepaper (as february introducing the "million+tier bonus". purchasers who have acquired million more shping coins the time transaction or; will acquire over above million shping coins with transaction (excluding any eligible bonuses that will result from the transaction) will eligible for bonus and platinum status for life combination known the million+ tier bonus), the condition that these new purchased and bonus tokens will locked for months from the conclusion the token sale. purchasers during the presale who feel affected this change can email the shping support team tokensale@shping.com arrange refund they can purchase more shping coins upgrade the million+ tier bonus they wish. table ..: bonuses for token buyers during the token crowdsale period the crowdsale: (all times quoted central european time) new! million+ tier bonus .am february until .pm march (cet) day .am .pm february (cet) day .am february until .pm march (cet) day .am march until .pm march (cet) day .am march until .pm march (cet) day .am march until .pm march (cet) purchase(d) minimum purchase for shping platinum status for life bonus ,,* included months not available n/a n/a n/a n/a minimum token(s) bonus shping coins awarded not available vesting period n/a *the million+ tier bonus offered purchasers who have acquired million shping coins the time transaction purchasers topping their existing shping coin balances meet exceed the shping coin eligibility threshold (not including any bonuses awarded that purchase). for example, purchaser has shping, they could purchase further shping eligible for the million+ tier bonus with month vesting period these newly acquired coins. the purchaser will then receive platinum status for life and bonus top their purchased shping for total shping which will locked for months from the end the token sale). shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver `d# shping coin information for brands brands will require shping coins activate campaigns through shping, brands will nominate and link digital wallet containing sufficient balance shping coins the shping marketing module commence their campaigns. brands can purchase shping coins from shping during the token sale. once the token sale complete, brands may able purchase shping coins from third parties who make them available for sale. neither authenticateit nor shping makes any warranties whether the shping coin may listed any cryptocurrency exchange. brands can then offer shping coins incentives for shping app users (consumers) engage with marketing messages, activations and promotions. the shping platform tracks each campaign and makes record the shping coins earned and owed shping app users for participating campaigns. the shping coin erc ethereum token, any transaction transfer shping coins involves verifying blocks the blockchain. such, this incurs transaction the ethereum network (ethereum transaction fee). users are required cover the cost ethereum transaction fees for transferring shping coins their digital wallets. mitigate this, instead brands depositing shping coins directly into individual recipient's digital wallets, shping transit account will created minimise the incremental cost these micropayments. customers will able transfer shping coins their digital wallet any time, they have the choice ration the amount times they choose perform the transfer order minimise ethereum transaction fees. the end each calendar month, shping will debit the brand's accounts for the amount committed shping coins and store these amounts the shping transit account. shping coin information for shping app users the shping app will show its users the amount shping coins they have earned and are owed and will allow them transfer their shping coins from the transit account their own digital wallets any time the cost ethereum transaction fee. allowing users choose when transfer volumes shping coins their digital wallets, users can choose ration the amount times they transfer, therefore minimising the ethereum transaction fees they are required pay. structure distribution shping nor authenticateit will never create additional shping coins outside the initial token sale and distribution. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver `d# token sale structure token supply ,,, initial rate usd token distribution purchasers bounties advisers shping team shping app incentive reserve date token pre sale begins january :am cet date token pre sale ends january .pm cet date token crowdsale begins february :am cet date token crowdsale ends march :pm cet currencies accepted during token sale btc, eth, etc, ltc, dash, zec, aud usd please note: usa, china and new zealand residents are excluded from purchasing shping coins during the shping token sale. vesting period for tokens supplied shping team advisers. the shping team and advisers will receive their tokens six equal instalments over period three years. shping app incentive reserve. shping will initially hold shping coins use for authenticateit incentivize the expansion and adoption the shping app amongst users. shping coins that are unsold during the token sale will also added the shping app incentive reserve. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver `d# chapter shping's current and future plan current snapshot the latest version the shping platform operational. was launched public beta the june, shping already generating revenue. since was founded shping platform (www. shping.com) has evolved from the authenticateit (www.authenticateit.com) and currently has brand partners. (http://authenticateit.com/partners/). approximately users have downloaded our initial iteration the app (authenticateit). marketing campaign recruit shping app users has been commissioned and ready activated with proceeds from the shping coin token sale. shping has offices major countries. headquartered melbourne, australia and has three international offices singapore, beijing (china), and moscow (russia). each office participates regional business development, educational seminars, onboarding participating businesses, local promotion, and marketing. shping currently employs people, including developers. shping has strategic alliances with number global partners: gs: australia, singapore, russia, malta, azerbaijan, australia certification bodies: australian certified organic, asurequality institutional bodies: national farmer`s federation, wco (world custom organization) ciq (china inspection and quarantine), rosselkhoznadzor (russian federal service for veterinary and phytosanitary surveillance) and the asia food safety zone changchun (china) shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver `d# shping milestone plan shping have laid out roadmap that proposes each milestone funding, and what shping aims accomplish with those funds. each shping's milestones builds upon the opportunities offered the previous milestone. the milestone plan sets out shping's indicative goals and targets only. shping does not promise fulfil any all the actions detailed this section. while simultaneous deployment cash and resources possible, shping believes that planned and structured expansion strategy the best way achieve optimal expansion. every incremental step provides more resources and structure for shping, order provide the best user experience possible. the achievement phases listed below are contingent the amount received the token sale. for example, the amount sold phase received, shping expected complete the scope work indicated within the timeframes undertake these activities addition the two preceding phases. moscow london san francisco paris beijing frankfurt tokyo new delhi singapore melbourne fig shping's projected office expansion shping will need physically present many territories provide ground-level support for shping customers. currently, shping has offices australia, singapore, china, and russia. through the token sale, shping's aim expand india, japan, the united states, france, germany, and the united kingdom and other countries accordance with shping's strategic plan. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver `d# amount sold usd ,,. phase geographic focus: australia, new zealand, china, singapore. scope work continued business development the regions. continued development shping app. continued development our global product database. continued marketing encourage shping app downloads. creation and implementation shping coin system (including app integration with erc wallets). development shping store partnership and payments system (payment transfer engine) api for accepting shping coin form payment. shping contribution verification module which will allow shping verify the authenticity data being entered into the global product database. enable shping marketing users deliver shping coins app users for their engagement. target number shping users ,,. amount sold usd ,,. phase estimated time implement months. geographic focus: australia, new zealand, china, korea, singapore, russia and india. scope work continued business development the regions. establishment physical operation india. development the shping retail module. introduction features including product locator product reviews and ratings integration. development in-store navigation feature. target number shping users ,,. estimated time implement months. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver `d# amount sold usd ,,. phase geographic focus: australia, new zealand, china, singapore, russia, india, united kingdom, united states america, france and germany.. scope work establishment physical operations the regions. development the shping blockchain-based ledger. integration online payment providers with the shping app. development augmented reality marketing features. serialization assembling assignment solution (saa) turnkey solution that includes software and hardware enable manufacturers start serialization their production. target number shping users ,,. amount sold usd ,,. phase estimated time implement months. geographic focus: australia, new zealand, china, singapore, russia, india, united kingdom, united states america, france, germany plus rest europe, japan, middle east north africa (mena). scope work establishment physical operations the regions. development instant checkout through the app. development shping coin branded payment card. development traceability features for hotels, restaurants, and cafes (horeca) users can identify what products their meal made of, see relevant nutritional information, and provide reviews and ratings. target number shping users ,,. estimated time implement months. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver `d# amount sold usd ,,. phase geographic focus: australia, new zealand, china, singapore, russia, india, united kingdom, united states america, france, germany, rest europe, japan, middle east north africa (mena), south america, south asia. scope work establishment physical operations the regions. development the shping trade finance module. development data analytics identify sources surplus/deficit/waste product distribution and find rerouting opportunities. establishment industry-specific startup accelerator shping will select and develop startups that specialize digital marketing, consumer engagement, supply chain management, the payments industry, and any others that focus enhancing the shopping experience. target number shping users ,,. estimated time implement months. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver `d# expansion roadmap currently, shping has four international offices melbourne, singapore, beijing and moscow. assuming that the token sale successful, shping has planned its operational expansion into the following territories: location anticipated date new delhi, india london, united kingdom san francisco, usa frankfurt, germany paris, france tokyo, japan determined, rest europe determined, mena determined, south america determined, southeast asia expect that the scalability operations should quite smooth due our strategy relying unique sources information populate our product database (see page with differentiated sources product information, shping will have access millions individual information providers. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver `d# development roadmap shping's application development roadmap follows: product feature anticipated date rollout product database shping coin retail module blockchain ledger online payment integration in-store navigation snap checkout shping branded payment cards shping coin marketplace trade finance startup accelerator shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver `d# chapter monetisation model the shping app will free for consumers download and use. brands, manufacturers, retailers, certification bodies and authorities will charged licensing, setup and maintenance fees adopt and integrate shping's modules, which will proportionate the extent the work required onboard them onto the shping platform and provide any customisations required. shping will also charge participants for access features (see rate card below). shping serialisation production tier min sgtin*/month fee per sgtin ($usd) min cost/ month ($usd) $,. $,. $,. $,. $,. $,. $,. $,. setup ($usd) monthly ($usd) add authentication reporting shping.com/marketing gtin ingredients and raw materials basic light any complete complete+ corporate add authentication setup ($usd) monthly ($usd) reporting shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver `d# shping.com/marketing gtin basic light any complete complete+ corporate ingredients and raw materials product catalogue availability map engagement analytics reviews shout outs shping bot rewards advanced engagement (todo cards) free usd per month usd per month usd per month usd per month shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver `d# chapter the shping team executive officers gennady volchek chief executive officer founder volchek charismatic and energetic serial entrepreneur. has successfully built and sold number businesses australia and was the founder telecom pioneer voip and ethernet home services australia. volchek founded shping and fully focused shping's day-to-day operations while serves the company ceo. andrei kucherov chief technology officer kucherov has over years experience software developer. accomplished software engineer and team leader. kucherov has been with shping since was first founded. serves the company's cto and responsible for creating and maintaining the entirety the shping platform. tony lee chief marketing officer lee has over years experience leading highperformance teams marketing and strategy director specialising advertising, innovation, digital and brand consulting across multiple industry verticals. new media, blockchain and cryptocurrency enthusiast, serves the company's cmo and has been consulting with shping since shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver `d# management team maria mcinally customer service/ account manager mcinally has been dedicated member the shping team for over years and manages shping's customer service team, well overseeing the onboarding, training and needs shping's clients. nurul huda hamid asean corporate sales manager, shping singapore office ms. nurul highly-driven and accomplished business development professional with years experience across the region including client project delivery malaysia, brunei and thailand. from the shping offices singapore she leads business development throughout the asean region working closely with government bodies and organisational partners and clients. sasha xie business development manager, china ms. xie highly-motivated, efficient and reliable professional, with experience working marketing and supervision role including for the midea group zhongshan. she the bdm shping china and responsible for marketing and coordinating shping business activities the region and liaising with shping's head office australia. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver `d# evgeny markelov chief executive officer, shping moscow office markelov has more than years experience senior positions and financial enterprises including more than years ceo. has experience starting business from scratch and bringing profit. markelov has performed business planning, organized operating activities, constructed systems accounting and reporting, and tax optimization and has experience business sales with value over usd million. has diplomas higher school economics, financial academy, and master business administration. evgeniy srednyakov partner client service director, shping moscow office evgeniy passionate leader, author ideas many projects, professional the architecture corporate management systems for any size the company, expert the field logistics and cross-enterprise supply chain management, technology, and standards traceability. handles business development, infrastructure scale projects, interacting with key clients and state regulatory agencies. absan abdulhafedh community manager absan software support consultant who enjoys working dynamic, people-focused and results-oriented workplaces. has vast knowledge and experience working with ico communities, especially through telegram. has recently joined shping community manager where supports enquiries and requests with precision, sensitivity and diligence. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver `d# christine rianne head product recall data excellence rianne has been with shping since head the product recall data excellence team her role deal with different authorities various jurisdictions collecting, verifying and adopting product recall data facilitate protection shping app users. rianne the main point contact for any company going through the product recall exercise. market researcher trade, she holds communication research from the university the philippines. development team john wesley salvador senior developer salvador passionate software developer and code junkie who loves learning about new web technologies. has vast web developer experience the airline industry and now working software developer shping. anton jabchinskij erlang developer jabchinskij backend developer shping. has many years experience many fields, but has always enjoyed applying functional programming real world problems building apis and services. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver `d# maria arshava manager arshava business analyst and manager with more than seven years experience. she joined shping and has been involved with variety the company's activities from mobile and web testing writing specifications, user guides, and training ivan vasliev erlang developer vasliev skilled software engineer the telecom and web industry who designs and develops complicated and ambitious projects from the ground up. kirill lyubimov mobile developer lyubimov has been working software developer for more than years. also has over years deep experience mobile development. dmitry moryashov devops engineeer dmitry moryashov experienced devops engineer involved software construction, deployment operations and the infrastructure management shping. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver `d# non executive advisory board members the advisory board will re-elected appointed annual basis the shareholder's year-end meeting. minimum, the advisory board will convene quarterly basis provide industry insights and suggestions shping's senior management and executive board. prof. jorij abraham managing director ecommerce foundation jorij abraham has been part the international ecommerce community since has held positions manager e-commerce bijenkorf (an upmarket department store chain) and tui (europe's largest travel organization), online publisher sanoma media (the largest media company the benelux union) and the director consulting unic (an e-commerce strategy and implementation firm with branches across europe). mr. abraham also the founder two companies, eventures europe and vzine. from mr. abraham has been the director research advice thuiswinkel.org (the dutch ecommerce association) and ecommerce europe (the member strong european ecommerce association with branches countries). today, abraham managing director the ecommerce foundation, research institute offering practical ecommerce research for ecommerce associations worldwide. mr. abraham also e-commerce professor the university applied sciences, tio. lukas sieber executive director north america, greater zurich area (gza) lukas sieber executive director north america greater zurich area (gza), the official investment support agency zurich and surrounding areas. prior joining gza, sieber was burson marsteller's digital strategist europe and switzerland's public diplomacy officer the united states. sieber has special passion for technology, particularly for blockchain and has worked with number startups this space. holds master's degree from the university zurich political science and geography and earned postgraduate certificates international business management and leadership from georgetown and columbia university. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver `d# leanne kemp founder ceo, everledger leanne kemp the founder ceo everledger, digital global ledger that tracks the provenance high-value assets authenticated immutable manner. using her extensive background emerging technology, business, jewellery and insurance, leanne pushing boundaries with everledger building global verification system that asserts transparency along the entire supply chain process. this enables the tracking and protection high-value assets, consequently mitigating risk and fraud global marketplaces. with rich history innovation, leanne previously founded three australian startups including absoft queensland, fastcards pty ltd. and the great australian survey company. through these companies leanne introduced and patented transformational technology ideas including fastcards smart card with managed identification services) and commercialised multicard (credential verification for consumer, governments and corporations) alongside various solutions streamline inventory and supply chain operations. leanne appointed member the world economic forum's blockchain council and co-chair for the world trade board's sustainable trade action group. sergey sergienko ceo chronobank.io sergey enthusiastic blockchain professional and true entrepreneur who has succeeded many different projects. was awarded with number business accolades australia, including anthill online's under and brw's fast starters mr. sergienko has represented australia the young entrepreneurs' alliance summit and has true understanding how connect both real and crypto world economies. sergey's career the crypto economy started with the formation his famous blockchain company, chronobank. chronobank.io ambitious and wide-ranging project, aimed disrupting the hr/recruitment/finance industries similar way how uber disrupted the taxi business how upwork changed the game for freelancing. chronobank not only blockchain-based "time bank" but global alternative financial system that will allow workers and businesses interact without banks and other traditional financial institutions. sergey active member the worldwide crypto community. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver `d# adam posner ceo and founder the point loyalty adam dedicated specialist customer loyalty and rewards program strategy and research and has been data-driven marketer for years. started his loyalty life the mid ''s with shopping centre loyalty program initiative called "scratch save" and has since been involved range loyalty and retention programs designing, developing and deploying programs for retail, trade, pharmacy, entertainment and large accommodation networks. founded directivity and established divisional brand the point loyalty, which continues focus customer loyalty, recognition and reward program strategies that are profitable the business and meaningful the member. adam has commissioned and co-authored, five australia's in-depth consumer research studies customer loyalty and loyalty programs which was featured marketing magazine, brw, cmo, retail news, econsultancy and television. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver `d# strategic partners australia azerbaijan singapore malta russia shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver `d# chapter conclusion shping started out mission protect brands and consumers from counterfeit goods and has evolved into something much more robust, more pervasive and more powerful the shping platform. are now the verge future where brands, retailers, authorities and consumers can work together ensure that the products that are available for sale are fit for purpose, richer detail and safe. this whitepaper, have explored how recent market and regulatory trends have pushed manufacturers and retailers improve transparency, traceability, protection and accountability for their supply chains. have also explored the changing consumer behaviors that influence choice and the desire for brands play more proactive role influencing these choices before, during and after the purchase consumer products. shping aims provide consumers, brands and associated organisations with innovative shopping experience. shping aims address the challenges the new market systematically, sustainably and with the potential scale for the betterment consumers, brands, retailers and associated businesses. central our belief fundamental paradigm shift that sees recipients the communication rewarded directly for their vigilance, loyalty, engagement and attention with shping coin. rather than bolstering the coffers just handful media giants, through shping coin, expect see the birth global platform that businesses can use connect with millions consumers. this token sale represents opportunity fuel the development shping's global product database, and sustain the development the shping platform order for businesses and consumers interact with this database. this token sale will also fuel shping's expansion and adoption more countries around the globe. beyond the expansion the shping ecosystem, this token sale offers individuals chance among the first purchase shping coin new economy one which based connecting consumers, brands and businesses mutually beneficial and exciting ways. the future shopping, see incentivized and rewarded with shping coins. future where pays shop smart. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver feb appendix the history shping shping's founder, gennady volchek became deeply interested product safety and authenticity during attempt purchase safe, validated-genuine device-charger while holidays and finding the process untrustworthy and difficult. volchek founded authenticateit with the goal preventing the counterfeiting products the retail market. his original idea was implement epcis industry standards into cloud-based solution that could offered organisations software service (saas). the platform began supporting product management database which held complex list barcodes/serialised global trade item numbers (sgtin) which were attached specific products. the list was capable storing additional information (in the form text, image, even video) about each product and had unique marketing profile attached it. since the database was based international standards (ean-), user was able receive all this additional information from the database scanning the barcode through the mobile application. with the product database set up, authenticateit was also able issue serialized gtins (sgtin) order track individual products. track trace allowed brands and users track changes custody the product moved through the supply chain. for manufacturers, this also meant that they could use the feature manage the distribution products specific geographies. after years development, authenticateit launched proof concept pilot project with two australian brands. upon the completion the proof concept late australia published authenticateit's case study successful example "end end traceability deployment" using the standards. for the first time, the authenticateit solution made feasible for businesses any size adopt the industry standards for traceability. result, australia selected authenticateit technology partner. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver feb from authenticateit has implemented full traceability and serialisation solutions over businesses different verticals, including dairy, meat, clothing, footwear, watch, wine and beer manufacturers. authenticateit added raw material management the database. this allowed manufacturers link materials and suppliers each product. that way, one material was recalled, any product using that material would automatically issued recall alert. any product was recalled, users were notified through the mobile application after they scanned the product barcode. authenticateit also partnered with the world customs organisation (wco) and integrated its solution with the wco's ipm platform which saw the authenticateit border protection features rolled out countries. finally, authenticateit developed several features that were focused the end-users. these included the potential for rewards program, socialization, and reporting. the rewards program allowed brands create campaigns that rewarded users with points for viewing product information. the socialization engine allowed for interaction and communication between brands and consumers using live chat messages. this also included additional feature where users could register warranties for purchased products. the reports module allowed for brands access data relation the products being authenticated and being purchased users. authenticateit decided rebrand the company and its platform shping. the base the platform has been redeveloped make the system more universal and tolerant increased volumes for long term and sustained use. shping being refined build authenticateit's legacy and will maintain continuing level client service. addition the company's rebranding effort, shping has refined its offerings and added new features the shping platform (as detailed the roadmap). the product database now allows for customizable fields data entry for each product, including geography and language. there will number new widgets and data fields which can applied products. all participants the platform can provide additional information for each gtin the database and more. individual modules such track trace and raw materials will combined into shping security. the rewards, socialization, and reports modules will combined into shping marketing. shping has made and will continue make number refinements the existing modules that the user experience much more useful, intuitive, and fluid. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver feb shping timeline the company was founded with vision create tool that will help consumers verify the authenticity the product prior purchase. authenticateit commences research and development. authenticateit implements standards for products and serialization and traceability authenticateit builts authenticateit app interface for consumers leverage traceability data for the purpose product authentication the initial version authenticateit introduced. the system supports basic supply chain management for brands and retailers and the product database list records with predefined attributes. the company conducts year-long trial its platform with select clients ensure that the system works and their needs are being met. during the trial based business requirements, more advanced modules and features are developed including support for outsourced manufacturers and grey import protection. australia selects authenticateit technology partner. enterprise application created for implementing serialization manufacturer's factories. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver feb authenticateit presented with iaward, winning first prize the state victoria consumer product the year. the ipm platform used world customs organisation begins partnering and integrating authenticateit which helped brands protected authenticateit solution cross borders over countries. authenticateit presents the global forum and partners with singapore, authenticateit selected the largest e-commerce platform china (dhgate) help with product authentication for products sold via dhgate platform. leading european brand protection law firm novargraaf has partnered with authenticateit help their customers protect their app improvement enables app scan any standard barcode not just datamatrix and databar and link user the product-related information. the platform can now work with other trusted data sources which make app relevant any product that has barcode. the application gets new features support socialization and rewards. authenticateit signs strategic partnership deal with new zealand government-owned food safety and quality assurance company asurequality and gains access another data source. the united nations, engaged china asia-pacific smart agricultural and food safety industrial project select authenticateit the exclusive track and trace solution for the province changchun. (project commences shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver feb authenticateit selected the largest e-commerce platform china, dhgate support product authentication for products sold via the dhgate platform. authenticateit partners with russia, azerbaijan and malta. response compliance requirement infant formula company implement traceability, authenticateit has developed new module that can track raw materials. authenticateit signs strategic partnership deal with russian government-owned federal service for veterinary and phytosanitary surveillance rosselkhoznadzorand. authenticateit establishes partnership with china inspection quarantine services (ciq) facilitate -hour border clearance for perishable goods imported into china. authenticateit rebrands into shping. the platform's features are streamlined and merged into properly defined modules. shping app and back-end platform officially released beta. shping app and back-end platform officially released beta. shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver feb case studies koalabi ugg boots koalabi ugg boots australian brand that manufactures and supplies high quality, sheepskin ugg boots. since the company has been successfully wholesaling and retailing their products locally and internationally.some koalabi's eastern european distributors were taking advantage lower wholesale prices create unauthorised overruns and versions koalabi ugg boots that were exported local retailers australia and new zealand. local retailers genuine koalabi boots were struggling compete with the lower prices these fraudulent products, and were forced reduce their own prices. shping was contacted koalabi identify counterfeit grey market goods, educate unaware retailers, and help grow the company's existing supply chain including retailers that were unwittingly engaged selling koalabi counterfeit grey market goods. shping implemented system that allowed koalabi restrict overseas imports their products and confined distributors supply products specific regions. scanning the consignments with shping's serialised codes, retailers were able identify the imported goods were legally saleable australia not. within days implementing shping, koalabi identified retail outlets that were selling counterfeit boots consumers. the retailers themselves were unaware that the products being sold them were not genuine. the first month after implementing shping, koalabi's customers were scanning barcodes and authenticating their products prior purchase. that number jumped within months. for the same time-frame, koalabi ugg boots sales have increased shping coin: token sale whitepaper, ver feb norco australian dairy manufacturer, norco, teamed with shping prevent counterfeiting australian milk china. norco was looking for solution where customers could easily verify the authenticity the milk they were buying and confirm the products were compliant with chinese food safety regulations. once shping was implemented into norco's production and sales process, norco noticed the following: customers who authenticated norco milk least once, would regularly use the app verify the authenticity norco milk; customers who scanned any norco's products also accessed product insights marketing tool used norco); customers who scanned norco's products checked the product recall status. shping's product serialization system was integral component norco's "paddock plate" quality assurance guarantee. the system's ability precisely validate provenance and physically track the location the milk shipments was precise, that allowed distributors and norco secure expedited border clearance days fewer) china for their products. the trial shipment was such huge success now allowing norco use this expedited pipeline deliver over million litres fresh milk into china just the first year partnering with shping alone. pays shop smart for updates and latest news visit tokensale.shping.com