sibcoin: privacy-oriented asic-resistant cryptocurrency ver november abstract sibcoin peer-to-peer cryptocurrency, employing reimagined version dash blockchain with several fundamental improvements. introduction reinforced hashing algorithm streebog makes the coin asic-resistant, ensuring decentralized ecosystem. x-layer platform based coinprsim protocol, which allows for issuing and supporting custom-made digital assets. the people, the people, for the people! introduction conventional money becomes obsolete the modern financial system broken. has been like that for while, ever since money has devolved from medium exchange into instrument control. the reason this happened that money longer belongs the public. money, and proxy economic activities and well-being people, today controlled third-party entities who play their own game. reclaim the money elimination intermediaries absolutely necessary. intermediaries used unavoidable because trustless environment interacting parties required guarantor. blockchain, disruptive technology underlying cryptocurrencies, provided humanity with means consistently maintain consensus pertaining the state distributed data ledger completely trustless environment. the modern world algorithm consensus the only viable trusted guarantor. this the reason sibcoin exists, give everyone fair chance free economy. cryptocurrencies are the future money sibcoin's ultimate mission not only provide the people with financial instrument that would facilitate transfer value over the internet trustless environment but introduce the broader public cryptocurrency, decentralised autonomous organisations and blockchain philosophy general. sibcoin was conceived local altcoin and initially circulated only siberia proper. emerged the first cryptocurrency cater the needs russian-speaking community and perfectly filled the vacuum that existed much eastern european territories due certain cultural and linguistic barriers. with time sibcoin was adopted not only russians and people living neighbouring countries but even overseas. sibcoin does not aim compete with national currencies. its concept transcends nations. sibcoin connects people sharing economic and cultural proximity and welcomes join its network anyone who shares ideals decentralisation, honest and transparent transfer value and financial freedom. the coin sibcoin decentralised digital currency and peer-to-peer payment processing system. has need for intermediaries, the regulatory function carried out cryptographic mathematical algorithm. sibcoin users interact directly and form decentralised network, where all transactions are recorded open public scrutiny and tamper-proof digital ledger distributed across all computers the network and synchronized with the help the aforementioned algorithm. technology-wise sibcoin dash fork with number significant tweaks. the first block was generated coin specifications compensation for the block calculated follows: (((complexity gpu mining. the average residence time new unit: minutes. the difficulty recalculated using the algorithm dark gravity wave, which avoids some the problems with big jumps network capacity. compensation for the block reduced each year. the maximum number coins, estimated: million, provided the growth complexity and falling unit awards for coins, according the algorithm. uses masternode mechanism. why dash fork? blockchain stores permanent record all transactions that have ever taken place the network. these records are open the public and can accessed any time. unfortunately, pseudonymity provided bitcoin's network does not offer its users sufficient privacy. dash, the other hand, decentralized and strongly anonymous, with tamper-proof instant transactions. this makes dash blockchain technology ideal starting point for modern cryptocurrency. other important considerations behind this choice included increased transaction speed the network, low fees, strong privacy protection and preexisting instruments for building tightly-knit global community incentivised provide various services the ecosystem (masternode network). sibcoin retains all the strong points dash blockchain while introducing several important enhancements its own. the most important additions include streebog hashing algorithm, which makes sibcoin asic-resistant, x-layer protocol and host services, which help integrate sibcoin into the real sector the economy. features privacy sibcoin takes privacy very seriously. some regimes look cryptocurrencies with growing suspicion are even the verge heavily regulating even banning them. cryptocurrency not illegal taxable asset. one should able control trace your cryptoactivity. cryptocurrency's ledger public and open for everyone, there always danger theft extortion just with large sums fiat money gold). one should put under peril result carelessness ignorance. for that reason sibcoin secure cryptocurrency can be. privatesend the privatesend technology that renders transactions untraceable extended version the coinjoin mixer. the core mechanisms coinjoin were enhanced passive ahead-of-time mixing and series other improvements which led one the most robust coin mixers existence. the basic principles behind the mixers' concept are easy grasp. network transactions can formed multiple parties and made out multiple parties. privatesend uses this fact basically merge different simultaneous transactions together way where they cannot uncoupled thereafter. far privatesend has proven unbreakable. for more information basic concepts privatesend, please read dash whitepaper. community the concept cryptocurrency not exhausted the underlying technology. healthy crypto ecosystem maintained first and foremost the community. from its earliest days sibcoin was known strong community project, gaining popular support first its frigid siberian homeland and with time all across the globe. along with community building tools sibcoin has inherited with dash blockchain, the project has introduced number its own innovative concepts which will touched upon this section. masternodes and instantsend sibcoin employs special full node structure the called masternode network. masternodes bear certain functions other than just keeping the network synchronized. sibcoin's masternode network doubles decentralised exchange between sibcoin and bitcoin. sibcoin ecosystem offers financial incentivisation masternode owners keep the network and running. apart from economic incentives masternodes also offer their owners voting rights when the network encounters issues that require node owners' consensus reached. social significance masternodes will only grow over time. create masternode sib have locked within wallet for long masternode operational. these coins can withdrawn any moment but this will strip the node masternode status. sibcoin's masternodes function the same way they are meant function dash network. for more information basic concepts masternodes, please read dash whitepaper. another important function carried out masternode network securing instant transactions via instantsend. masternodes form quorums which allow users send and receive instant irreversible transactions. transaction lock takes only several seconds set currently the network. streebog hashing algorithm ever since was longer asic-resistant and dash miners started building asic farms, the coin slowly drifted centralized mining model, mirroring bitcoin itself. this extremely detrimental the very spirit cryptocurrency and eventually its economy. sibcoin contains cryptographic hash function streebog (gost .-) far resistant exploitation asic manufacturers. thanks this precaution are getting close possible the paradigm "one-cpu-onevote" outlined satoshi nakamoto bitcoin's wp. this add-on allows improve decentralisation without forgoing security concerns. also serves groundwork for the potential official implementation russia conforms the governmental security standards. x-layer facilitate further growth sibcoin ecosystem the need was identified make sibcoin's blockchain more interactive while not compromising its security. the idea behind x-layer not unique but was proven sound, safe and effective. the core x-layer technology lies coinprism technology, software layer built top bitcoin's blockchain that allows users create sidechains for their custom digital assets and currencies. just like with coinprism and bitcoin, xlayer transactions are sibcoin transactions sense that they provide the very same level security. services sibcoin highly service-oriented. aims provide better alternative the current systems money transfer remittance and ecommerce. sibcoin's services are all free except for the usual transaction fees which makes the cheapest way transferring value. wallets access sibcoin's network can done via software wallet online wallet (including tor version) both available the official site. sibcoin also offers the called "cash chervonets", "paper" wallet protected randomly generated secret code. "cash chervonets" may issued printed form. exchange and payment services moneypolo allows replenish eur and usd accounts with sibcoins. coinex accepts payments sib for telecom services and exchanges sib fiat for withdrawal with visa/mastercard. there also option buying sibcoins directly with bank card and making mass payments bank cards. sib's native sms-service sends reports user's transactions. telegram bot connect with sibcoin network via telegram trader bot @sibwalletbot. this bot will sell you sibcoin, process payments and provide you with vital crypto-trading information. specific seller and buyer sib bots are available @sibsellerbot and @sibbuyerbot. sibcoin community ceaselessly reaches out retailers and service-providers real sector. highest priority are payment processing services. sibcoin tirelessly working with partners and interested parties worldwide establish the most convenient and consumer-oriented payment processing network. future its ultimate form sibcoin's network will have decentralized exchange service with all other popular blockchains and decentralized marketplace akin openbazaar. online vendors will have instant access sibcoin's network via highly customizable and easy-to-use apps. root sibcoin real sector and ease interaction with fiat money debit card linked sibcoin wallet will issued. https://sibcoin.money/