sigmacoin sigmacoin 'distributed' trade ecosystem sigmacoin 'distributed' trade ecosystem sigmacoin contents introduction page our vision page the opportunity page the challenge page the sigmacoin solution page preparing for crowd sale page launching business page sigma business model page sigma platform and roadmap page .sigmacoin goals page sigmacoin platform and token page role and value sigma coin page creating and distributing value page global expansion page financial projections page advantages sigma token page sigma token functionality page sigma model and token distribution page sigmacoin 'distributed' trade ecosystem sigmacoin sigmacoin.io introducing sigmacoin the way the future sigmacoin.io distributed trade commerce ecosystem for the distributed future. sigmacoin.io distributed global platform that connects exceptional startups, exporters/importers and investors worldwide and built the blockchain community for the business community with distributed ledger. sigmacoin.io priority investment platform. our vision:ideas are always born outside the box and until now, great ideas had advantage when born silicon valley. apple, facebook, google and amazon all benefited from being the right place the right time and reaching the right people. the distributed economy will equally change this for blockchain startups, simple business startups and trade commerce industries the business arena utilizing blockchain technology for cross country trade and simplifying the whole financial economy. rather blockchain technology with blockchain community backed the trade commerce exporters/importers. have been working hard for months find recognized experts and exceptional entrepreneurs who just need little bit extra help reach their full potential. with your support, will able showcase these hand-picked projects visionary supporters like yourself. but this just the beginning for sigmacoin.io today, sigmacoin.io self-sustained business finance consultancy managed eminent entrepreneurs, focusing carefully selected trade and commerce projects. but just know that not all great ideas can come fruition, also know there are many experts all over the world who can help good ideas grow into exceptional businesses. that why our ultimate goal build platform where hundreds thousands the best startups, exporters/importers and trade finance community can expand their potential and find investment. platform where millions experts with proven track records offer their expertise. platform where tens millions investors find the best projects support without worrying about their legitimacy. doing so, sigmacoin.io will become platform that will harness the disruptive power the blockchain and translate the logic interactions into successfully distributed business models that shape the future. distributed trade commerce ecosystem for the distributed future. this our vision. have started building forming network experienced advisors like dave wilson, dan schwartz, ron cartey and exceptional partners like pwc and wachsman pr. are constantly adding great experts our network and have selected the first amazing projects debut sigmacoin.io the coming weeks. sigmacoin 'distributed' trade ecosystem sigmacoin sigmacoin.io using the concepts, support, feedback and funding the blockchain's early adopters and will first built the blockchain community for the blockchain community and then for the business community. opportunity:the token crowdfunding space growing quickly. total investments was raised and, projected for (source: techcrunch). this represents around half the traditional venture funding last year the blockchain space (source: coindesk report). this year expect blockchain companies raise more capital through icos than any other form financing, historic event that flips over the traditional venture capital pipeline (source: harvard business review). there now clear need for service providing additional structure from carefully selected teams active mentoring. such service could capture the whole "high end" segment around %-% the market (the apple strategy). sigmacoin 'distributed' trade ecosystem sigmacoin looking the bigger picture, has become apparent that the token 'crowdsale' model can not only provide funds startups but also connect them early adopters and evangelists marked improvement over the traditional trade commerce exporter/importer model. the service built for the 'crowdsales' today could grow support the startups tomorrow, world-wide, capturing significant percentage the total investments (source: kpmg). the booming number token 'crowdsales' making ever more difficult for the supporters pick the right ones. large part project's success depends not only the idea technology but, the founders, their relationship and their tenacity. it's impossible judge that from slick web page alone. despite the rise promising opportunities, supporting projects becoming more and more gamble. the teams face different challenge. often they have strong technology background and clear vision for their service, but are not quite fluent the language business. the token 'crowdsale' process startup process steroids: supporters sigmacoin 'distributed' trade ecosystem sigmacoin expect the teams start executing from the moment the 'crowdsale' threshold has been successfully reached. they are extremely engaged and vocal when feeling disappointed. but growing company not easy, especially for those new it. traditional startup investors mostly still remain the sidelines. due the lack structured due diligence process, it's hard pick the best blockchain project support. more structured and secure space required before can expect large amount funds flow into the distributed economy. despite the progress technology, most experts still only work with local companies. while there are several platforms supporting the "gig economy", they not provide opportunities for world-class experts work with world-class projects. introducing the sigmacoin solution.io selecting the best teams: there has never been shortage ideas but, selecting the teams with the highest potential very challenging. sigmacoin.io has created "extremely thorough evaluation criteria" model based daniel zakrisson's 'crowdsale' analysis select only the best projects work with our platform. the time launch, out projects that sigmacoin.io has engaged with, only have been selected. addition, selected projects will audited pwc, bringing unprecedented level investor assurance and clarity into the token crowdsale space. sigmacoin 'distributed' trade ecosystem sigmacoin sigmacoin.io insists meeting all the teams person for least one full-day workshop before committing working together. also constantly monitor and supervise progress and reserve the right suspend collaboration right until the crowdsale starts. preparing teams for successful crowdsale: raising funds via token crowdsale superior the traditional funding model many ways especially for startups not based one the really great startup hubs. however, the similarity between "ipo" and "ico" ("initial coin offering") not coincidental. good crowdsale has more common with company ipo than company raising seed series round, and investor expectations after successful raise are very different. sigmacoin.io communication and coaching processes are designed help teams conduct successful crowdsale and get the business running great foundation soon possible. after the selection process (building crowdsale evaluations process), the first step for the teams accepted sigmacoin.io work the business essentials. sigmacoin.io identifies potential barriers success and brings experts with years experience and proven track record each these areas. the process described more detail here. the team and sigmacoin.io then define different sigmacoin 'distributed' trade ecosystem sigmacoin funding scenarios, business strategy, roadmap and the minimum and maximum fundraising thresholds. the second step define the key investor communities the project will targeting during the token pre-sale process. specific value propositions are defined for each, then built upon with communication and strategy for each cooperation with external partners like wachsman pr. defining the token and the best legal structure the token and company comes next. work with partners like price waterhouse coopers explore the possibilities and decide the best one. sigmacoin.io also helps executing the communication strategy helping write and optimize content, and monitor and engage with potential investors social media channels. launching the business. like all the startups, the teams planning token pre-sale are understaffed definition. typically, teams would spend the weeks and months after their presale trying scale the company defining new roles and finding the appropriate people--a very complex process. part the sigmacoin.io team evaluation define the key roles that are not only crucial for the token pre-sale itself, but for the business. use our coaching network find experts temporarily fill the role and define both the basics the role and guidelines for future hires. this means that once the funds have been raised the company can start hiring and executing once, based solid foundation. market, business model, target segments. sigmacoin 'distributed' trade ecosystem sigmacoin mentioned already, the combined amount token crowdsale investment was estimated usd, with usd expected the goal sigma capture majority share the targeted premium segment representing the total market share the end estimated crowdsale sigma coins market share. the token crowdsale model superior many ways the traditional startup/vc funding model, especially for the seed and series stages. the total investments was usd, with around third that seed and series the goal sigma capture majority share our target group, amounting that market business model: sigma business model: accessible for teams, aligns the incentives the teams, investors and experts allows streamlined service without giant payroll scalable from consulting service platform sigmacoin 'distributed' trade ecosystem sigmacoin sigma has value-added approach where charges for its services only the tokens issued, making extremely accessible for teams. our goal make the value that sigma delivers multiple the actual tokens received. that means that our services are not only essentially free teams, but actually add value. sigma finances all the costs related the crowdsale process the project stage when funds are usually not available. the value token compensation usually close the actual costs. however, due our scale, sigma services can much more efficient when compared the teams hiring the experts themselves. the project crowdsale tokens are used power sigma. the tokens are distributed among the experts, used pay promotional costs that are prefinanced sigma, and used the platform pay for development and operational expenses. everybody paid tokens, the interests the projects, sigma, experts and supporters are aligned, support and showcase the best sigmacoin 'distributed' trade ecosystem sigmacoin projects, help execute successful crowdsales and provide foundation for future business that will give the tokens worth. the initial sigma percentage the project tokens between and falling with the size the project. the initial split tokens follows: expert payment promotional costs and platform share the tokens that are used pay for promotion and operations are sold the marketplace way that does not impact the market price (limit sell orders only, distributed time). this business model allows sigma provide expert assistance teams without using sigma's own funds, which allows for smaller core team and, will also work the sigma platform. the token compensation model has been proven work. was developed the crypto community and used for years with community members performing escrow, translation, marketing other services crowdsale projects the socalled "bounties". sigma simply bringing additional structure and elevating the next level. sigma shares similar go-to-market strategy uber: start the high end, then expand towards the lower end. that why are currently working only with premium projects mature phase. once the basic platform features are completed, will launch "sigma lite" process, aimed blockchain startups directed token presales before the real crowdsale without compromising our strict quality requirements. once the token crowdsale model begins dominate the traditional startup financing model, sigma will the perfect position capitalize it. sigma platform and roadmap: the moment, sigma operates similar consulting company. coach projects, help define the legal elements, prepare for the crowdsale, assist with the sigmacoin 'distributed' trade ecosystem sigmacoin and launch them using our initial platform. however, this phase has definite goal mind: define and test the optimal crowdsale process, define the parts that can supported code and, define the parts that must accomplished experts. once the crowdsale process has been defined, the elements that can supported code, like project application, content definition and base project valuation, will implemented. for each element that has performed the expert, roadmap crowd source will developed. once the full sigma platform and running, experts will able offer their services right there the platform, which will match them with the selected teams based the needs the teams and the experts' track records. distributed global platform that directly connects innovative projects with supporters while enabling experts worldwide provide necessary support teams. the goals for sigmacoin 'distributed' trade ecosystem sigmacoin launch and support export/import project funding. develop the core foundation for the platform and define the included processes define the initial elements the platform crowd source prepare foundation on-board project supporters that are new the crypto space the goals for launch sme trade finance projects. develop and test the functionalities defined create full roadmap for final platform development. enable simple fund collection from project supporters that are new the crypto space. the sigma platform and sigma token. the distributed economy, tokens are the core project. since presenting sigma, we've had many interesting conversations about creating tokens that harness the full power the distributed business model. well-designed token increases value along with the network. incentivizes the community and early adopters use, participate, spread and evangelize the platform that represents. this bootstraps global community where everyone shares incentives make the project grow and succeed. two types tokens will circulate the sigma platform tokens issued presale and the sigma token sold ico. the pre-sale tokens represent added value and are distributed among the crowdsale participants and sigma exchange for the services provided. the sigma token, the other hand, powers the interactions the platform. pre sale tokens are the petrol that makes the car run, sigma tokens are like the motor oil that keeps the engine running smoothly. sigma tokens entail certain actions and usage rights the platform, including: contribution actions:sigmacoin 'distributed' trade ecosystem sigmacoin order register and active the platform, experts and service providers must hold certain amount cfi tokens. and then, when applying perform task certain amount tokens will put escrow until the task has been performed, order guarantee the delivery and completion this task. these actions include: evaluators and project evaluation export/import documentation. specific task contribution, like video production, design content creation promotion and expert assistance domain experts and expert assistance team project management and coordination access rights exclusive content:there will some data and parts the sigma platform only accessible members holding certain minimum amount sigma tokens for example, exclusive pre-release access more in-depth look the projects during the evaluation stage. payments:some services the platform will require direct payment sigma tokens, like invoice submission. each invoice submission will require expert evaluation the application will paid for with certain amount sigma tokens that will distributed among the evaluators. sigmacoin 'distributed' trade ecosystem sigmacoin these are the three core groups token usage with some examples. the first phase sigma will serve learning process for better definition all relevant actions. the role and value the sigma token :unlike equity, tokens represent unique link between value and functionality. determining the role the token business crucial for blockchain startup. for some projects, tokens represent share company and entitle the holders some form value return (including dividends, buybacks and revenue share). for other projects, tokens are way facilitating the transactions either service currency way facilitate desired actions. the goal sigma build platform that fully supports the crowdsale process. the token should help attract project evaluators, pay for some the services rendered, and serve assurance quality work. the supply sigma tokens static, increase platform usage will drive the token usage. technology export/import using sigma token:the sigma blockchain can benefit the smes the exporters/importers the following manner: cutting down the fraudulent activities involved cross border export/import documentation and also reduce cost. trade values are transferred securely with the digital ledger uniqueness. privacy trade data ensured through cryptography and tokenization. flawless execution contract between the exporter and importer because ethereum smartcontract. sigmacoin 'distributed' trade ecosystem sigmacoin creating and distributing value:some the most intense discussions had among the team, with our advisers and with potential supporters revolved around value return should and, so, how should done. the end, decided against pure direct value returns. sigma platform and, most value will created when building and leveraging the networks projects, supporters and experts. feel that this leads unnecessary regulatory complexity and unaligned incentives the supporters wish keep costs down increase returned value, which counter-productive rapid platform development. using the profits speed platform development, geographical and market penetration has the potential bring multiples value spent. for example million profit would miniscule when distributed among the token holders, while that same amount spent additional developer publicity campaign would bring much more value the platform and indirectly token holders. that said, additional sigma tokens will have bought the market fuel the crowd funded processes the platform for example, paying crowd sourced project evaluators. once the platform operational, the token flow should operate closed cycle, with equal number tokens leaving and arriving the platform. but until that complete, the team will have "fuel" specific functions using the tokens bought the open market. this will start the first functions are transitioned the platform late sigmacoin 'distributed' trade ecosystem sigmacoin global expansion:the blockchain system rapidly evolving many global hotspots. sigma hub many them will: increase sigma brand recognition and give greater access regional projects and experts, accelerate our capacity growth and incoming projects simplify team selection and collaboration help keep touch with the many talented individuals and engaged communities build the brand for the crypto community but also the old economy. the basic sigma financial model includes european sigma hub and two additional hubs. have already started building our first asian hub bangkok and are planning for quick expansion las vegas. other hubs would added soon revenue streams allow it. competitive landscape.:while there are companies the blockchain space that are focusing crowd funding support investment, believe our approach unique. are blending the best elements the traditional model with the advantages the token crowdsale model. our goal not compete with existing advisory, technical investment crowdsale services but partner with them the catalyst that enables quicker growth. sigmacoin 'distributed' trade ecosystem sigmacoin our constantly evolving crowdsale process, expanding expert network and global reach will create virtuous cycle great projects and great experts will drive sigma adoption and reach. financial projections:the funds raised crowdfunding will used for sigma operations, marketing and pr, legal expenses and international expansion. the crowdsale does not reach the envisioned amount, sigma operations will scaled down extend the runway two years and rely more operating profits fuel growth. sigmacoin 'distributed' trade ecosystem sigmacoin token utilization internation expansion sigma operations legal expanses advantages sigma token for ico: trade commerce platform and smes have limited access the working capital assistance which has caused the sector have very slow growth. trade financing, factoring, bill discounting are the terms that are very familiar terms which have market volume trillions and increasing rate per annum worldwide. keeping this data mind our blockchain technology with the sigma coin tokenization and putting into the ico platform will render the following services: allowing small smes easy access short term financing turning their receivable accounts tradable assets. allocation each invoice our secured blockchain hence creating new source financing. sigmacoin 'distributed' trade ecosystem sigmacoin common market place trade commerce, exporters and importers for their financial data, credit reports and financial values companies. meta-market created for financial institutions serve their financing options using sigma tokens per their terms and criteria. proven risk algorithm created perform checks financial status and claim selection process. this algorithm actually determines the financing the factoring procedure. both the exporter and importer are secured with the asset well the finance. this makes business easier and efficient. sigma (sgc) token functionality:a sigma token grants the token holder purchase invoices the sigma platform and obtain credit scores for certain entities which have stable and sufficient financial track record the sigma platform. invoices are uploaded the ethereum blockchain regularly and cost claim sellers looking for liquidity. therefore sigma token the entry point sigma platform. the sigma token holders will have the value their tokens backed sigma's initial pre-sale liquidity pool, which will selectively invest trade commerce, factoring discounting programs which will enable proper yield risk reward terms. sigma model and sigma token distribution: traditional companies, equity the key foundation receiving investments, attracting great employees and, forming strategic partnerships for tokenized companies, tokens take over that role. sigmacoin 'distributed' trade ecosystem sigmacoin sigmacoin.io extremely ambitious project. the key challenges lie not developing deploying new technology, but bringing together best practices from variety industries. overcome those challenges and build our platform, have the best people the world. all rights reserved (c) sigmacoin(tm) sigmacoin 'distributed' trade ecosystem