version ntents introduction signal token (sgn). signals platform. data marketplace indicators marketplace. strategies marketplace signals strategy builder. live trading and mobile notification. community support. roadmap milestone q-q milestone milestone milestone q-q milestone q-q milestone q-q token sale. sgn distribution process. sgn allocation. sgn pricing. details token presale and token sale phases rod tion there has been explosion crypto assets with trading volumes topping billions dollars. crypto offers many advantages for traders over traditional assets, that they are decentralized, borderless and can traded around the clock. while this opens the doors practically everyone the planet, also poses great risks due lack regulation, liquidity and oversight. there are far too many stories traders who lose all because mistakes shortage emotional fortitude necessary stick their trading plan. with the advent powerful computational technology, the financial sector and trading industry has been transformed through the replacement traditional auction-to-computer transactions the early with algorithmic trading systems. machines take emotions out trading and make into pure numbers game, cutting through the noise trading signals and processing huge data sets that normal human never could. they also never sleep, running once they have been properly set up. what's more, they can execute infinitely faster than human, with decreases lag time microseconds leading substantial profits. pairing these two technologies perfect match. blockchain tech and crypto are expected continue their growth for the next decade, and traders should have great advantages when comes trading for long time coming. our mission empower crypto traders with state the art algorithms from the data science community, which will allow them optimize their profits. the signals platform provides these tools user-friendly way. from advanced charting and classic technical indicators complex statistical models, crowd wisdom based inputs and machine learning algorithms based media monitoring and sentiment analysis; the introduction signals platform place where anybody can create fully customizable trading robots with advanced technical knowledge required. introduction token gn) the signal token will ethereum blockchain based erc token. all paid features available the signals platform will accessible exclusively using signal tokens. signals' business model based two main revenue streams. first, signals charges fee each purchase the signals marketplaces. this includes: purchases user-created indicators the indicator marketplace purchases data streams the data marketplace renting user-made strategies for copy trading the strategies marketplace using premium machine learning features order assemble and train trading strategies. the second revenue stream comes from the signals cloud solution for deploying strategies. subscription model will implemented, with several tiers choose from based the amount strategies used. lat algorithmic trading pretty simple, essence. first, you have pick out data set which serves the very foundation for further analysis. you then need choose the different types indicators which act the lens view the data. lastly, strategy needs designed around the specified way viewing the data determine how you will trade it. all these inputs eventually lead robust algorithmic trading strategy, ready deployed for testing and use. the signals platform works this very same way that have several marketplaces, where data, indicators and strategy inputs can chosen and then assembled into automated trading strategy using the signals strategy builder. the whole process can completed using our visual building tool code, for those who know python. we're designing the whole thing anyone with trading idea can design, make, backtest and deploy time all. order understand signals, let's take look the different marketplaces, what they are made of, and how they are used. data marketplace the fundamental building block any strategy, data essential part creating powerful analytical tools. with signals, users and external vendors are able monetize their unique data sets the data marketplace. these data sets include historical and current market data, social networks data from facebook, twitter and others, well other crypto related media and sites. any type data set can uploaded the data marketplace and priced accordingly. integration data crawlers that provide signals platform live data streams api access for third-party data quick and can done seamlessly using the signals data api. moreover, social network features, data science competitions and users interactions will key part the signals platform. indicators marketplace once data set selected, then needs processed, calculated and displayed understandable manner. this can done using simple indicators based technical analysis, advanced data science indicators based neural networks even indicators based prediction markets and crowd wisdom. plan include the following indicators the signals platform: basic freemium indicators monitor the price crypto asset and send signals based "if-then" conditions. believe that simple and the possibility combine your basic strategy, such 'stop loss', together with other features the signals platform such the 'flash crash detection system' (more the strategy builder section) would popular way manage crypto portfolio not only for experienced traders, but also for mainstream crypto exchange users. technical analysis indicators this methodology consists using statistics applied historical data find patterns and trends the market. they are very important combination with other methods. (see: machine learning for signals extraction section) sentiment analysis indicators using natural language processing, opinion mining (or sentiment analysis) based media monitoring becoming standard tool for analysis. the signals platform provides sentiment analysis indicators together with data from social networks and cryptocurrency focused news. (see: data marketplace section) machine learning based indicators deep learning neural networks, support vector signals platform machines, special neural network architectures which are designed for processing time series, such lstm recurrent neural networks crowd wisdom based indicators his essay, the use knowledge society, economist friedrich hayek put forward that economy organic and prediction can determined from surveying the masses. trading related prediction markets work similarly they enable users monetize their unique knowledge buying and selling shares the outcome event. they predict the outcome correctly, they profit; otherwise, they lose their money. the current price event outcome, based probability, encapsulates and quantifies the knowledge the crowd. blockchain monitoring indicators the transparency blockchain allows for analysis conducted the movement every token, especially those held major holders, otherwise known "whales." when the distribution not uniform and the majority tokens are held few holders, tools which monitor "whale" movements can show when major holders are buying selling their holdings. github commit indicators will able provide traders with the ability monitor github commits and changes that they can immediately see all updates coins and tokens they hold and trade. custom indicators for experienced developers and data scientists, the signals platform opportunity monetize knowledge and skills developing indicators which they can offer others. these indicators can used for free for backtesting historical data for live trading. however, subscription fee set the owner the indicator must paid. strategies marketplace believe that the best algo creators should able rewarded for their work and with the signals strategies marketplace. using the strategies marketplace, devel- signals platform opers and traders can list their trade strategies for copy trading and offer other users. this subscription based service, users will pay for receiving trading signals from third-party bot, which can then traded through the platform. for new users, this the most simple start automated trading. for each strategy, report generated, which users can check the performance, level risk and statistics given strategy before they decide start copy trading. third party bots integration even though our mission provide the most user-friendly and flexible tool for creating trading robots the market, there will always plenty other successful trading bots which will created outside the signals platform and which can integrated into our marketplace using our api's. this possibility would also very beneficial for small data science teams, which are capable designing great algorithms for trading but have experience with mobile development design. monetizing their signals through the signals marketplace, they can easily approach new customers and offer them top class strategy and analytics. signals strategy builder with data and indicators hand, the next step piece them together and create workable strategy for trading. the signals strategy builder easy-to-use tool that will allow users create their own trading strategy, even with programming skills. there are two main components each strategy indicators and signals. indicators are blocks code selected from the indicators marketplace. signals, the other hand, are actions that are triggered response indicators. the signals strategy builder, users drag and drop the indicators from the indicator marketplace and then define the conditions the indicators under which the signals should triggered. signals platform the signals strategy builder offers numerous features enable the user create optimal strategies and evaluate their performance before starting use for live trading. the following are some the main features: advanced charting backtesting and training with genetic algorithms the signals platform provides users with set data science tools and advanced optimization techniques based machine learning and evolution algorithms. complex supercomputer experimentation machine learning based historical data can very demanding cpus. for this reason, signals, partnership with iexec, will connect worldwide decentralized supercomputer, where users can train their strategies and carry out computationally complex experiments. benchmarks and risk quantification reports based historical data proper analytics and model benchmarks are crucial for successful risk management. when you create and test your model, will automatically generate feedback how successful your strategy would with new data, assess your strategy using standard benchmarks, and analyze the risks and possible profits. adaptive strategies fixed strategies are not always the best choice for maximizing profits the long term. market trends constantly change and should your strategies. using advanced automated techniques such walk-forward optimization, your strategies will continuously adapt new circumstances the market. machine learning for signal extraction using deep learning and other machine learning techniques, users can rule out subjectivity and find hidden patterns between selected indicators based historical data. flash crash detection system deep drop asset's price followed its quick recovery nightmare for any trader who sets stop-loss order. many traders have lost money when they set stop-loss crypto exchange and flash crash signals platform happens. our service monitors all major crypto exchanges, and offer flash crash detection system that can used any trading strategy which connected directly crypto exchange. view and edit directly the code the background although any strategy can created the signals strategy builder, we've made possible for experienced developers display and edit the code which generated the background. thus, provide maximal flexibility for developers and data scientists, but the same time, make automated trading available for non-programmers. live trading and mobile notification connection your crypto exchange account after your model backtested historical data and ready use, you can connect your crypto exchange and start trading using our cloud based solution. even though the security our platform our priority, understand that providing access your crypto exchange account via cloud based service delicate issue for many users. that why will provide open source desktop app that will able perform automated trading the background. with this desktop solution, traders can absolutely sure that the access token stored and encrypted their device and used only for communication with their crypto-exchange account and never disclosed anywhere else. mobile connection and alerts also possible create automated strategy that meant not directly for trading but for receiving alerts and notifications. you can connect your trading bot your smartphone using our app. any time that your strategy identifies trading opportunity, you will informed and the final decision will you. signals platform our mobile app especially useful together with media monitoring and sentiment analysis indicators. these kinds data processing indicators are able send you not only signals buy sell but also meta information about the data source which they processed. this enables you easily create bots which will notify you when new trends appear that you can keep with the constantly changing environment the crypto world. signals platform unit uppor bootstrap the signals platform community, signals' tokens are reserved for users and early adopters. the signals team will set transparent competition rules the form smart contracts and the results all competitions will evaluated using publicly available data like strategy statistics users' endorsement points. indicators development competitions offer the community enough algorithms the signals strategy builder, want support developers and data scientists providing them with signals tokens for the creation powerful strategies. strategy competitions the most successful strategies which are offered for copy trading other traders will selected based publicly accessible statistics regarding the strategy's performance, risk-taking other parameters. data competitions historical data, new crawlers the most useful third-party integration each data source which offered the community contains public analytics about its usage. the most useful data sources will periodically evaluated and supported with signals tokens. user endorsement competitions users which help others the community answering questions and sharing their knowledge can also endorse points based positive reviews. this the main metric which will used support active users the signals platform. community support the signals roadmap divided into six milestones between each milestone consists certain number features that will implemented. after each milestone, will conduct extensive testing and auditing the implemented features; therefore, expect time gaps between working different milestones. are working multiple features simultaneously; nevertheless, the work features from the upcoming milestone will begin only once the current milestone's features are completed and fully tested. milestone q-q features: strategy builder framework private alpha, strategy builder design, sgn token presale strategy builder framework private alpha the first, already completed milestone the foundation the whole signals platform: the prototype the signals strategy builder framework which will upgraded the upcoming milestones into extremely useful tool for crypto traders. this modular enterprise framework has basic infrastructure for assembling different strategies combining various technical indicators into trading signals. the strategies can subsequently backtested historical data, and the environment built upon will serve base for the strategy builder feature planned for the third milestone. strategy builder design the strategy builder has been designed incorporated into the future signals platform. allows forming indicators into strategies visual interface, which both roadmap easy use and complex enough offer extensive possibilities customization. while the intuitive for anyone, developers can edit the code and change anything they like when comes building strategies creating indicators. sgn token presale the end december held our successful pre-sale and were able raise $,. these funds were used increase development the platform and prepare the alpha version the platform for release before the start the ico. milestone features: strategy marketplace alpha, sgn token sale the second milestone, which currently underway, consists the main sgn token sale and alpha version the strategy marketplace. the fundraising phases are described detail section this whitepaper. strategy marketplace alpha strategy marketplace one the three main pillars the signals platform. the alpha version will include notification bot cryptofox.io and will serve base for future inclusion default signals strategies, third-party strategies and user-created strategies. milestone features: data marketplace private alpha, indicators marketplace private alpha, strategy builder framework update, strategies marketplace update the third milestone will developed during the first half completing this milestone, will introduce the last two the three main pillars the signals platform the data and indicators marketplaces private version used the roadmap signals development team. furthermore, will upgrade the strategy builder framework with new tools and begin filling the strategies marketplace. data marketplace private alpha the data marketplace will launched private alpha mode, serving base for the future full version which will enable users and external vendors monetize their unique data sets offering them for sale. the first step this will connecting and storing data obtained from all main crypto exchanges, using exchange data crawlers with the purpose filling the data marketplace. indicators marketplace private alpha indicators marketplace will launched its private alpha version, filled with technical indicators used the creation basic strategies. strategy builder framework update the strategy builder framework will updated with new tools, which will enable the signals developers create more advanced strategies. the strategies this version will limited sending notifications for slack and telegram via api, opposed actual trading orders, which will implemented milestone strategies marketplace update the strategies marketplace alpha will opened third-party integrations other words, anyone will able build and offer their strategy. this point, we'll start measuring strategy success and compare results across our platform. milestone q-q features: strategy builder alpha, indicators marketplace alpha, data marketplace public alpha, desktop app alpha, machine learning strategy optimization, integration decentralized supercomputers roadmap the completion the fourth milestone will officially mark the full release the public alpha version signals' three main pillars: data, indicators, and strategies marketplaces. additionally, the desktop app will enable direct strategy trading, well simple notifications. data marketplace public alpha the data marketplace will updated public alpha, containing data from more exchanges and supporting public trading third-party data. this will enable users and external vendors monetize their unique datasets. indicators marketplace public alpha this version indicator marketplace will open the public. our machine learning powered indicators, wrapped intuitive interface components, will offered crypto traders. will also invite developers from the data science community share their own algorithms and encapsulate them into visual components (so-called indicators). cryptotraders will able buy indicators the indicators marketplace and assemble their trading models the strategy builder. this will establish whole new dynamic knowledge sharing between developers and crypto traders. strategy builder alpha the signals strategy builder tool will introduced the form visual model builder, enabling the composition indicators into trading signals. advanced charting will used make the process simple and effective. the strategy builder will able generate performance and risk reports for given strategy. there will also feature called "idea sharing" for generating images from charts and sharing trading strategies. desktop app desktop app for windows and mac will introduced its alpha version, and will roadmap enable live trading. important parts the app will open-sourced, thus enabling users verify that the sensitive information, such access crypto exchanges, securely held their computers and that can used only for authentication trading orders. machine learning strategy optimization better and more precise way optimize strategies according historical data will introduced, the form genetic algorithms. values parameters strategy, whose combinations are otherwise based brute-force testing, will precisely defined, therefore removing subjective influences and illogical choices from strategies. integration decentralized supercomputers integrating supercomputers into the signals platform important step, enabling process large quantities data short time affordable price. these sophisticated computations are required for machine learning strategy optimization and strategy backtesting (and also for signals extraction see milestone milestone q-q features: indicators marketplace beta, strategy marketplace beta, strategy builder update, mobile app the fifth milestone will make public previously developed and tested beta version features. any possible shortcomings revealed alpha versions signals features will fixed and new, powerful features will added. moreover, app for android and ios will created. indicators marketplace beta new indicators will added the indicators marketplace beta, particular indicators based crowd wisdom inputs and indicators derived from blockchain monitoring. roadmap strategies marketplace beta new feature will added the strategies marketplace beta that will give users the ability copy trade someone else's strategy for fee offer their strategy for copy trading. strategy builder update new version the signals strategy builder will add cloud-based live trading solution. periodic security auditing ensure and demonstrate the safety user's finances will our top priority. will add new, adaptive strategies with advanced automated techniques, such walk-forward optimization account for constantly changing market circumstances. in-place editing the source code will enabled for those who wish use the abilities the signals platform even greater extent. mobile app mobile app will released for android and ios, enabling users receive notifications and look through data anywhere. users will able check strategy analytics, currency prices, and trades anywhere. the app will also offer media monitoring and sentiment analysis indicators, keeping users touch with the latest developments the crypto world. milestone q-q features: strategy builder update, trading protocol, focus machine learning the sixth milestone will bring with the transfer all the signals pillars and features from beta full version, thus completing our goal giving the whole crypto community the ability create advanced trading strategies without knowing single line code. will also further enrich the strategy builder with new, ai-based possibilities optimization and will add support for the trading protocol. roadmap strategy builder update deep learning methods will added the strategy builder alongside other advanced machine learning techniques, enabling users find hidden patterns between any indicators based historical data. these so-called signals extraction methods will give our users the possibility use artificial neural networks find non-linear relationships between indicators and buy/sell signals. trading protocol will integrate the trading protocol into signals, strongly believe that the project will help create decentralized exchanges. focus machine learning will focus the newest developments machine learning (ml), using this knowledge develop better indicators, optimize strategies towards better results and extract more precise signals. plan support research and contribute ourselves, using any new techniques available deliver our users more refined and optimized product. roadmap ken sgn distribution process the launch signals and the corresponding signals token (sgn) creation process based the ethereum blockchain (as described the signals token section this whitepaper). the distribution process will consist two phases: the token sale, and the token presale phase. the process began with its token presale phase, which started utc wednesday, november for more information the two phases, see the pricing and details sections below. participants willing support signals' token sale can sending eth the designated address. detailed instructions how participate this process will made available https://signals.network before the start the distribution process. contributing, participants will receive sgn tokens the prices detailed the section below. sgn tokens received contributors will transferable immediately after the end the distribution period. sgn allocation sgns will issued during the distribution period according the following percentages. this the final amount tokens, and further tokens can issued. the sgns will offered for sale public contributors during the distribution process. the sgns will reserved for the community, reward for the developers and data scientists. this further described the community support section this whitepaper. the sgns will allocated the company reserve. this reserve will represent source the company's income and will used cover development and operation expenses. the sgns will allocated the advisors and partners collaborating signals platform. the sgns will distributed via our bounty program rewards for marketing initiatives, bug finding programs and advisory compensation. sgn pricing sgn prices were nominated eth one day before the beginning the token presale phase. the eth price sgn was calculated using the eth/usd exchange rate that moment, and the following prices pre-nominated usd: token presale phase price: successfully sold worth sgns during this phase. during the presale, there was discount all sgns, compared the price the end token sale phase. that amounts sgns, priced per sgn. minimum transaction amount ethereum eth. token sale phase price: there will maximum $,, worth sgns sold during this phase. the beginning this phase, there will discount the first token sold, which will then gradually decrease, with the last token sold having discount. minimum transaction amount ethereum eth. details token presale and token sale phases sgns will offered for sale public contributors during the whole distribution process, split between the two phases follows: token presale phase details: began utc wednesday, november sgns were offered for sale during this phase. there was maximum fundraising cap $,, which amounts sgn with price bonus. the token presale phase was set run for days, until the cap fundraising reached whichever happens earlier. there are unsold sgns remaining after days token presale phase, they will added the token sale phase token pool. token sale phase details: the starting date the token sale monday, march there will maximum fundraising cap $,, for this phase. there will minimum cap $,,. this not reached, all investors this phase will have the full amount their contributions returned them, minus the transaction cost (gas). token sale phase ends either four weeks after its beginning the moment when the maximum cap reached. after the end the token sale phase, the minimum cap was reached, but not all sgns were sold, the remaining unsold sgns will distributed all participants based the discount which they received the time they purchased their tokens. https://signals.network team@signals.network