revision the signatum community contents introduction executive summary background algorithms skein ............................. cubehash .......................... gost-streebog ..................... fugue ............................. three phases signatum expanded pure proof work phase .......... hybrid proof work proof stake phase ....................... pure proof stake phase ......... skunkhash raptor algorithm increased anonymity through tor nodes increased anonymity ............... signatum anonymity .............. confirmations the long-term plan (roadmap) roadmap ........................... roadmap (cont) .................... contributors references developers ........................ community contributors ............ references ........................ the signatum community introduction signatum cryptocurrency aimed offering seamless utility both public and tor markets. signatum designed easily integrated into several applications, including payment platforms, exchanges, and marketplaces. signatum features the new skunkhash raptor algorithm that enables strong asic-resistance during the proof work phase and encourages fairness for miners and investors alike driving broad coin distribution and ownership while creating real-world application. page the signatum community executive summary the recent, and growing trend new cryptocurrencies and tokens has been fund development through initial coin offerings (icos), pre-mining large quantities coins (leading centralized distribution), through alternative hybrid methods. funding methods that allow developers control large amounts coin's circulation may lead coin devaluation (particularly the case developer "dumping") and forces investors abide fixed team. the event unsuccessful project, the investor has voice the outcome. signatum launched july th, with pre-mine, initial offering, developer fees and bounties. signatum launched with focus creating highly responsive and secure network that provides fair environment for all miners and investors. aimed decentralizing coin ownership much possible, includes aggressive mining algorithm that targets gpu miners and diminishes the opportunity for application specific integrated circuit (asic) development with accelerated proof-of-work (pow) phase. signatum prides itself being decentralized community with driven concept, where anyone can contribute the development and direction the coin, just bitcoin was initially intended. the lack ico and development funds allows investors also provide significant input and direction way that non-existent ico based coins. initial coin offering established number coins/tokens sold certain date for certain rate. similar ipo (initial public offering) the securities market. page the signatum community the launch signatum has challenged the current mining process, which formerly focused established coins centers for mining profit and until now failed offer compelling new market entrants into the gpu mining space. mining has never been more mainstream, and result, previous mineable coins are not able adjust the new environment. the number miners has been growing rapidly, leading massive increases hashing power. with signatum shortened the proof-of-work period, allow miners switch other coins faster than they would otherwise normally able to. this thereby enables miners accumulate the most profit out their mining equipment possible, without having tie down their hardware for several years the same coin and project. this turn also creates fair mining opportunity for everyone, the mining period has been shortened from several years approximately days. the accelerated mining period contributes fair wealth distribution, which observable the signatum rich list (http://explorer.signatum.io/richlist). the short pow period safeguards against the development market-disrupting asic hardware, which specialized mining equipment optimized perform specific functions with much lower energy cost and much higher hashing power than conventional video card mining systems. access asic hardware usually limited due the cost creating the hardware and asic devices for mining and very often carry very steep price because the comparative advantages they provide. hobbyist miners who attempt mine against asic miners have significant disadvantage finding block. example the disparity between asic and gpu mining, gpu system mining the (dash) algorithm would produce about /th the hash rate the latest dash asic (bitmain's d). signatum also more environmentaly friendly than other pow coins since the accelerated pow phase requires less electricity complete. page the signatum community this coin has three phases: pure proof work hybrid proof work proof stake pure proof stake apr) signatum introduces brand-new gpu-optimized algorithm, further differentiating from other mineable coins. signatum's skunkhash raptor algorithm combines four different hashing functions and one balancer. the hashing functions combined create this unique algorithm are skein, cubehash, fugue, and gost-streebog. raptor the developer's fingerprint and used monitor proliferation the skunkhash algorithm. the mix algorithms increases the security signatum's network significantly increasing the complexity the hashing function. signatum's broad-distribution approach begins with sigt rewards for the first blocks, combined with short block time, ensure that many miners possible can earn fair amount coin. even miners with low hashing power will have the opportunity mine hundreds thousands coins much shorter period than usual. the total number coins produced pow phase approximately ,,. after the pow phase, signatum enters proof-of-stake phase and staked coins yield interest based the number coins staked the coin-holder's local wallet. page the signatum community background algorithms skein introduced skein family cryptographic hashing function that secure, fast, and flexible. skein efficient gpu mining algorithm that supported across multiple platforms and also cpu mineable. skein allows for multiple block-sizes, including and bits. skein's primary innovation the ability build hash function with adjustable block cipher (called "threefish"), which allows skein "hash configuration data along with the input text from every block, and make every instance the compression function unique (ferguson, al. the threefish cipher employs many simple rounds hashing maximize security. cubehash originally submitted the nist competition daniel bernstein, cubehash cryptographic hash function that, "is parametrized pair positive integers (r, with cubehashr/b applies r-round transformation after each b-byte message block." (bernstein, cubehash allows for significant parametric adjustment and extremely flexible, which allows for the function operate across range computer systems, making good choice for gpu-optimized mining. page the signatum community gost-streebog streebog cryptographic hash function that part the russian federal standard and employs multiple-round cipher. similar skein, streebog will present significantly altered hash function the input only slightly modified due the avalanche effect. the step hash function maps two -bit blocks into one, consists three parts: page the signatum community merge v/s split procedure merge split(s) step for parallel quicksort (si) end for. step for [n/] for ,,...,[n/] parallel (.) (i) sequential merge (si, si+, si') (ii) {s'i, s',...,s'n/n} (iii) si+ {s'(n/n) s'(n/n) +,...,s'n/n} end for (.) for ,...,[(n parallel (i) sequential merge (si, si+, s'i) (ii) {s'i, s',...,s'n/n} (iii) si+ {s'(n/n) s'(n/n) +,...,s'n/n} end for end for. fugue fugue hashing function that supports "variable length inputs" (halevi al, that was originally submitted ibm the nist competition. fugue can implemented many environments and resistant multiple current attack techniques (halevi al, fugue's flexibility and attack resistance made strong choice for inclusion into the skunkhash raptor algorithm page the signatum community three phases signatum expanded pure proof work phase the first phase signatum the proof-of-work phase. the proof work phase will last for the first blocks, approximately days. figure details the distribution block rewards through the first blocks. the end the pow phase, the pos phase begins. the skunkhash raptor algorithm supports both sgminer (amd) and ccminer (nvidia) mining software. page the signatum community the pow difficulty adjustment dynamic and executed with dark gravity wave (dgw), which was originally created for dash. dgw allows for continual difficulty re-targeting pulling statistical data from the last block found and modifying the difficulty for the next block accordingly. this allows for the algorithm responsive network hashing power dynamically, rather than fixed interval which leads less linear progression. dgw also encourages fixed block times, regardless the hashing power applied through mining. ultimately, dgw results more agile difficulty which best viewed exploring the signatum coin difficulty charts: below chart describing the amount coins produced each block. figure (). block bracket coin distribution blocks rewards coins generated sigt sigt sigt sigt sigt sigt the total coins generated during the pow phase is: ,,. coins mined pow are fully mature and ready transferred after confirmations. page the signatum community hybrid proof work proof stake phase the hybrid pos and pow phase will last for blocks. this phase will begin once pow reaches block and will end once miners find and complete block the hybrid phase estimated last for approximately days. pure proof stake phase once the available pow blocks have been mined, signatum will transition into full pos coin. users staking coins through their local wallet will receive fixed apr with payouts based the number coins staked the wallet. example, user stakes coins through the wallet, they would receive extra coins year ((, ,). the staking apr paid out every minutes and coins generated during the pos phase will fully mature after confirmations after which the coins are fully transferrable. page the signatum community skunkhash raptor algorithm the algorithm comprised four intensive algorithms and includes one balancer. the algorithms included are: skein cubehash fugue gost-streebog this combination increases the overall security the signatum network requiring any potential attackers overcome extremely complex cryptographic hashing function. page the signatum community increased anonymity through tor nodes official tor nodes have been added increase the anonymity the end-users, making their transactions more secure. connecting signatum through network relays rather than making direct connections, increases the overall anonymity the network and its transactions. secure the network even further, more tor nodes are planned added, forming part the already published roadmap. help secure the network even more, the community also encouraged run nodes their own. there are currently (th july nodes active for signatum. for comparison, there are more nodes active currently than ethereum had this point its launch cycle. signatum anonymity the internet huge community and continuously going through evolution over and over again. what today's evolution will thing the past tomorrow. the right anonymous internet access becoming major challenge for organizations that are fighting protect this right for their users. the signatum project offers full anonymity users free selected service offering them completely anonymous nodes that not track forward origin addresses and even use tor exit nodes protect themselves. the web sites and block chain explorers not keep track access logs they have been disabled. each service that part the signatum project has internet access from the deep web (tor). (anonymous user) signatum anonymous node exit node global node cluster page the signatum community confirmations with average -minute block time and confirmations required for full maturity for peer--peer transfers, sigt can transferred after seconds just minutes. contrast bitcoin, typically requires confirmations with block time minutes, meaning full maturity usually achieved after lengthy minute transaction delay. bitcoin's transaction times make less ideal for merchants unless third party intermediary employed guarantee transactions before they are fully confirmed the network. with signatum's accelerated maturity and transaction speeds, more than ideal for merchants utilize for customer payments. enable merchants easily use signatum currency for payments, universal sigt wallet planned for development and will connected payment gateway. this will also enable the possibility connect debit and credit card transactions directly with the signatum network future date. page the signatum community the long-term plan (roadmap) aim enable the wide real-world application signatum the long-term. achieve this objective, specific development items that would enable sigt utilized more practically the future are planned. these development items include: signatum marketplace: marketplace that will enable people and companies sell products and services around the world, using signatum currency. signatum web wallet: this makes sigt easily accessible for transactions from anywhere the world. signatumpay: creating signatumpay feature enables merchants connect directly the signatum network and utilize payment option. combining this feature with sigts fast transaction speeds will make the currency more than ideal for merchants utilize payment option. dedicated signatum exchange site: aim create dedicated signatum exchange site, where end-users can buy and sell signatum using fiat through bank transfers, debit and credit card transfers where and allowed local regulations and oversight. signatum crowdfunding platform: crowdfunding through cryptocurrency becoming more popular and result, signatum aims create fair and balanced crowdfunding platform, where investors and entrepreneurs can raise funds for their projects, communicate business objectives and provide updates project status. page the signatum community the long-term plan (roadmap) cont. other items planned for developments already delivered include: dedicated official signatum explorer with difficulty graph. (delivered july launching more tor nodes order increase the healthiness the network and increase anonymity even further. today, (th july nodes are already and running. plan build signatum foundation: more details will revealed later stage. add signatum more exchange sites: applications filed for poloniex and bittrex (th july more exchange sites will increase the adaptability signatum due its greater accessibility. this key making the coin more usable and increasing the consumer awareness. page the signatum community developers doctor http://www.signatum.io gabriel http://www.signatum.io community contributors cryptovore http://cryptovore.com/ padraiq bmthkxvbtjryytxsfthvnivvgdphgyi eatbatteries boupwdjvwhpskxcfcxhlbswtnprbxost official telegram discord members references http://csrc.nist.gov/archive/aes/round/conf/papers/-iharvey.pdf ferguson, http://www.skein-hash.info/sites/default/files/skein..pdf bernstein http://cubehash.cr.yp.to/submission/tweak.pdf halevi http://researcher.watson.ibm.com/researcher/files/us-csjutla/fugue_ oct.pdf https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cubehash https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gost_(hash_function) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/skein_(hash_function) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fugue_(hash_function) http://algs.cs.princeton.edu/mergesort https://www.dash.org/dark-gravity-wave https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bitcoin https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/proof-of-work_system https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/proof-of-stake copyright (c) the signatum project