whitepaper annotation introduction methods market analysis trading automation community simdaq platform training historical data simulator charting engine historical data consensus for historical data processing statistics collection gamification and learning demo version trading robots development environment testing historical data community hub simdaq marketplace rating system trading signals streaming trades training with mentors social trading decentralized tournaments road map smq token how use smq token benefit from purchasing smq token during the ico liquidity plan ico details payments methods blockchains ico summary ico structure team advisors therms, conditions and risks smq token not investment smq tocken does not guarantee property rights risk failure technical risks annotation simdaq platform created for the democratization and development cryptotrading. simdaq will not only provide community members with advantage trading, but also will help trading ecosystem around crypto-currencies become more mature. simdaq allows using historical trading data from various markets for backtesting order develop trading skills quickly and without risk and become experienced trader. moreover, simdaq makes possible develop and test trading strategies fast and efficient way. for training, you can choose trading instrument, period, speed, volume capital, leverage, train using specially prepared demonstration examples. among the trading instruments, wide range crypto currencies and tokens will available. the future, traditional tools such stocks, futures, forex, etc. will added. the training process close real trading possible. simdaq also provides you with environment for trading robots development and testing automate trading strategies. test results are visualized for the most detailed analysis, and comprehensive statistics gathered. decentralized simdaq marketplace provides access for reliable and well-tested robots and trading signals that can used community members for real trading. simdaq ecosystem for the community people who are interested the world trading. the platform provides wide range opportunities for sharing experience and ideas: streaming trades, social trading, individual and group trading with mentors, analytics recent cases, tournaments, access opinion leaders and experts. the content created the community for the community and available through simdaq marketplace. smq token currency that simdaq accepts payment for subscription and additional services. also, community rewards the contributors simdaq marketplace with smq. after the ico, smq token will available several exchanges, and its value and liquidity will have direct correlation with the community activity. introduction exchange trading extremely aggressive and risky environment. more than traders lose all their funds during the first year operation, and less than become sustainably profitable. the market constantly rotates. the reasons for this significant rotation are difficult predictability financial markets, and poor preparation beginners. obsessive advertisement brokers promises instant enrichment and provokes novice traders commit poorly planned transactions, losing their capital. thus, the process acquiring experience and developing trading skills turns extremely painful and expensive process. addition, even trader aims develop trading skills, turns out very limited tools. offered with two options: either demo account with broker where trading almost always carried out real-time without acceleration and there are high-quality tools for analyzing and statistics collection, specialized software that allows using historical data trades for training, significantly increasing the speed training. however, should noted that usually such software hard learn and expensive. addition, there challenge buying high quality historical data. simdaq mission increase the level trading among private investors creating ecosystem effective tools and aggregation the community. methods market analysis depending volume and period the investment, two main approaches are used: technical and fundamental analysis. for traditional markets, both methods equally indicate the state market and complement each other. fundamental analysis used study financial and economical state industries, individual companies and their investment attractiveness. companies are attractive their stocks are sustainable the long term, and the companies have potential for further development. fundamental analysis investor reviews the financial state the company, prospects for its development, news, documents, which publishes about itself the public domain. note that recently the cases falsification news and data the state companies are increased. technical analysis done based trading data from the past. includes the analysis charts with different time intervals, information about trading volume and other important statistical data. technical analysis, variety tools and methods are carried out, but all them are ultimately based the analysis recurring patterns supply and demand, characterizing the mood investors specific moment, ignoring macroeconomic indicators the traded asset. the context crypto currency markets, possibilities fundamental analysis are limited. technical analysis has much greater importance, crypto currency market still driven the laws supply and demand. like any skill, the skill technical analysis develops through hard training. simdaq provides arsenal tools for training, and much attention paid the effectiveness improving the skills technical analysis. trading automation important component successful trading discipline. human factor often ruins the trading strategy. traders follow their emotions and make deals doomed loss. human nature get tired and make mistakes. addition, order analyze complex situation, one may need significant amount time during which the market will continue its movement, closing old opportunities and opening new ones. these prerequisites, along with the explosive development computer science, allowed trading robots that follow algorithms take their place and become integral part the trading infrastructure. average, the total trading volume carried out programs, and some days, this value reaches the program does not give emotions, makes decisions quickly and strict accordance with the specified rules. this makes trading robots hard compete with. remain competitive, private investor needs the introduction trade automation. this will allow trader get rid routine actions and monitor the effectiveness his trading strategy higher level. time when trader has mastered the basics technical analysis and has gained some experience trading historical data, starts form set certain rules which trade decisions are made. simdaq provides environment for creating trading algorithms, which pushes the trader for clear formalization their trading decisions and risk control strategies from the early stages training. formalization the trading algorithm allows you test the strategy large number historical data, thereby either confirming reliability quickly identifying weaknesses. this allows you deeply understand the processes occurring the market and accelerate the process training even more. community sharing experience and knowledge transfer are the basis evolutionary development any field. teaching tools, including tools for improving trading skills, cannot exist isolation from the community, whose members help each other move the next level development. that's why simdaq lot attention paid the community and the decentralized infrastructure for interaction. addition, simdaq has mechanisms that allow the community create content its own and reward participants who create this content through simdaq marketplace. this possible thanks the technology smart contracts and local currency smq issued during ico. simdaq platform the simdaq platform consists tools that help you improve your trading skills, and tools for interaction between community members. thus, entire ecosystem created allowing each participant develop and benefit. training historical data simulation trading historical data effective method obtaining risk-free trading experience and developing technical analysis skills. simdaq provides the required tools suitable for all levels traders. simulator simdaq simulator allows simulating trading the selected financial instrument certain time interval using historical data. also possible choose the trading tool and time interval randomly for deeper dive into technical analysis. the trading session can finely adjusted choosing the initial balance and the leverage. you can switch between different chart periods, evaluating short-term and long-term trends. during the trading session, you can increase the speed for acceleration training slow down for the most careful analysis. the trading process close reality possible. according the road map level historical data and portfolio management the stocks will introduced, that will guarantee even better experience. charting engine visualization market one the main functions simdaq. that why simdaq has one the most advanced graphic libraries, which has wide range tools for analysis. different types chart types, more than different drawing tools and built-in technical indicators allow you implement any idea you have for data analysis. addition, possible extend the rich arsenal graphic tools and create custom technical indicators. smart charts technology allows you save all the actions that user makes for later repetition and error analysis session. historical data the quality historical data the key for effective trading strategy. provide high quality standards, simdaq collects historical data from several vendors that pass multi-level checks and are carefully compared. conflicts are resolved semi-manual mode. collect level data simdaq creates its own dumpers and parsers for wide range crypto-exchanges. consensus for historical data processing when parsing and processing historical data, simdaq always takes data from least suppliers. some point data from vendors begin differ, attempt made resolve the conflict automatic mode: data from one provider for certain period time absent does not coincide with the others, and the other providers have the same data, then the conflict resolved automatically. otherwise the case escalated for manual resolution. statistics collection for each trading session, simdaq collects and stores all the actions taken and statistics. helps you make the training process flexible and analyze specific errors. this approach allows you understand deeply what happens the market, identify situations that are already clear for you and situations that still need investigated, those that should avoided. every trader has his own vision the market, and everyone strong certain aspect. comprehensive statistics provides the ability pinpoint strengths and weaknesses and allow distinguishing randomness from logical outcomes. thus, users will always get the complete information about each session and about their effectiveness general. gamification and learning simdaq step-by-step training system friendly for traders any level. for the beginners, gamification and detailed demonstration the basics are being developed. the analysis specific cases, reviews different practices and methods trade will interesting for advanced traders. simdaq user experience simple and clear, with plenty hints and tooltips. this allows novice traders learn and navigate the basics quickly, and experienced traders move fast the next level. demo version simdaq.com provides access demo simulator. this one the earliest versions focused only demonstrating the principles trading skills training historical data. the design and functionality will changed the final release. trading robots nowadays, methods algorithmic trading and automation provide serious advantage trading programs can outperform humans many aspects. programs are emotion-free and never get tired; they make decisions quickly with mistakes. automated and semiautomated trading systems are presented more and more often the arsenal not only institutional investors, but also private traders. simdaq platform allows you easily formalize trading strategies and significantly extend your set trading techniques. moreover, after implementation real-time data feed, your trading algorithms can used advisors for real trading, and after obtaining the appropriate license simdaq your robots can executed for real trading inside the platform. development environment simdaq development environment consists several levels. the first, visual level, makes easy understand the principles automatic trading and create modular trading system consisting rules for opening, maintaining and closing position. the modular approach makes much easier test and debug the trading system. more advanced users will able create their own skeleton from modules and implement each the modules the form program code. for those who need more flexibility implement their trading strategy, simdaq will provide powerful mathematics library and ability design its entire algorithm the form single program. testing historical data simdaq allows you quickly backtest the created automatic trading systems using large amount historical data. this helps either confirm the reliability the system, understand which parts need improved. visualization trade decisions made the program makes easy debug the system. trader can optimize his trading system running series tests with different sets parameters. for each test, detailed statistics collected, which allows you track the effectiveness the program each case and each set financial instruments. statistical module also has special indicators, such maximum drawdown capital, profit factor etc., which exclude the possibility incorrect interpretation profitable trading sessions when result randomness excessive optimization parameters. community hub simdaq community hub specially created environment for sharing knowledge and experience within the simdaq platform. unites participants achieve common goal improve their trading results. simdaq marketplace decentralized simdaq marketplace major element the community hub. allows community members create content, publish and receive reward from other users and from the simdaq platform with smq tokens issued during the ico. rating system the rating system, based the statistics the trading sessions, makes possible evaluate the quality content published the participant. the rating takes into account not only the profitability the trader, but also his performance comparison with other traders and comparison with the "buy and hold" strategy. trading signals automatic trading algorithms created simdaq environment can easily published simdaq marketplace for selling the algorithm trading signals. community members see the complete statistics each trading robot, can check black box mode how the robot behaves some data sample, and decide whether follow the trading signals this robot not. subscribe the trading signals, community members will need pay smq the author the robot. streaming trades smart charts technology can save every action made user, that allows significantly optimize the data transfer and implement our own platform for streaming, the one you are following trades directly your computer. training with mentors transferring knowledge from more experienced trader less experienced one natural learning process, and simdaq has the required environment for conducting individual group courses with mentors. the technology streaming using smart charts allows mentors easily broadcast their actions and monitor the actions students the process performing tasks. rating system and trade statistics allow you choose mentor who can really transfer you the next level market understanding and trading. social trading with simdaq streaming technology and smart charts technology, social trading moving the next level. you are not just blindly following the leader, but monitoring the analysis conducted leader and understanding the essence what happening. for the leader also opportunity create better content and get fair reward for it. decentralized tournaments using the technology smart contracts simdaq marketplace introduces decentralized tournaments both for traders and for trading programs where everyone can demonstrate their skill analysis using the same selected scenario. participants compete not only among themselves, but also with the "buy and hold" strategy, the prize fund can left unreleased and pass the next tournament. road map q-q q-q trading simulation historical data environment for trading automation and robots development simdaq marketplace streaming licensing for real trading statistics collection trading reports real time data feed educational case studies tournaments rankings social trading smq token simdaq ecosystem with set tools, social platform and virtual marketplace. order for such system work effeciently and the interaction between participants simple and understandable, internal currency needed. smq tokens issued during the ico are used internal currency simdaq ecosystem. after the token release, will added number cryptocurrency exchanges, the community members can always sell the earned tokens, which creates full cycle token circulation. how use smq token smq will accepted exclusive payment method the entire simdaq ecosystem, inside the system itself the growing demand for smq created. same eth not only currency but also required for smart contracts execution smq required for simdaq platform operations. smq required to: pay for subscriptions simdaq services; pay for content and services created community members and published simdaq marketplace: buy trading robots and signals; reward the authors for streaming trades and analyzing the cases; pay reward the social trading leader; pay for the mentors' services. publish content simdaq marketplace promote content simdaq marketplace make contribution the decentralized tournament prize fund pay for calculations for trading robots backtesting besides that, smq can always exchanged other currencies various markets. with increase level user involvement demand for smq grows. basic level when user works with trading simulator using historical data improve his level trading needs smq only cover the subscription for the service. once user gets basic experiences becomes interested simdaq marketplace content and smq required reward the content contributors. some point user becomes experienced enough create his own content and needs smq publish and promote his content. certain level user starts developing his own trading robots and needs additional smq for backtesting that requires lots calculations. this model has wide range abilities for developing economy inside the project demand smq increases while user involvement level grows. benefit from purchasing smq token during the ico the base price for smq during the ico usd, which only the price after the release the platform terms the cost platform services the rate smq. for example, the cost monthly subscription will usd smq, and the annual cost will usd smq. thus, the price level the exchanges expected rise least usd for smq that makes times growth, after which the price increase smq will continued and will closely related the growth the simdaq platform and the value created each active platform participant. liquidity plan smq exclusive payment method within the simdaq platform. thus, the platform will actively advertise exchanges, where you can buy smq tokens among new customers. collected funds and the issued tokens are allocated for active market makings order maintain liquidity exchanges and turnover the token. also, predicting the demand from new customers, the simdaq will regularly buy smq tokens the exchanges acting gateway between new customers and exchanges. addition, the demand for smq the exchange depends how popular the service and how active the community creating the content. described above, the greater the level user involvement, the higher the demand for smq. this base for natural explosive growth demand, along with the development the simdaq platform. ico details exact date for ico start announced additionally. the main focus simdaq project the community, the ico strategy aimed reach the wide audience and involve participants the project. payments methods attract the largest number participants during the ico, large number cryptocurrencies are accepted: btc, eth, ltc, dash, waves, bch. addition, gateway configured for accepting fiat money from credit cards wire transfers. ico summary what smq? simdaq project internal currency. the demand and price the token depend how popular the service and how active the community. initial token price fixed. usd smq bonuses for early participation. crowdsale duration weeks emission volume smq, unsold tokens will burned blockchains waves distribution process the distribution smq tokens will occur after the completion the crowdsale soft cap usd hard cap usd investor protection the minimum cap not reached, funds are refunded participants from the usa not allowed the first phase payment methods btc, eth, ltc, dash, waves, bch, fiat ico structure distributed investors stabilization fund keep smq turnover bonuses days days week week week team bounty team evgenii dubovoi partner, product and management experience trading and trading algorithms development. participated development and maintenance mining pools and several cryptocurrency infrastructure projects. experienced entrepreneur, crowdsale specialist. founder evapolar company that started from crowdfunding and became large electronics manufacturer. alexander usikov lead software developer high qualified professional software developer and architect. participated various complex and high load projects including biggest russian taxi ordering and food delivering services. big experience financial and banking software development. evgenii levitin community and partnership seven years experience managing group processes and community management such fields e-learning, foodtech and fintech. building long-term successful partnerships with both customers and contractors area. vladimir levitin partner, marketing and user engagement experienced manager marketing and design projects. participated and managed development marketing strategy tech companies and startups. managed software, hardware and robotics design projects. implemented design thinking methodology for years. founder and cpo evapolar company that started from crowdfunding and became large electronics manufacturer. saveliy bobov and art direction more than years developing interfaces for big brands. led projects for xiaomi, morgan stanley, yandex money. developed products all steps from concepting implementation, support and growth after that. extremely experienced mobile and web interface research. yaroslav levishchev analytics being wide experienced analyst used work chemistry materials, lithium batteries, conditioning technologies and coal methane gas extraction, private intelligence and financial analysis. pasionate about the future technologies. concerned about private money history and financial markets regulations all over the centuries. advisors eduard gurinovich ceo mytc.io serial entrepreneur and investor, founder number big and famous projects like carprice and carmoney. works several new project crypto industry now applying his professional skills finance, analytics, market building and business development. vitaliy tsigulev entrepreneur and expert the ico and blockchain sphere. more than years work experience the fintech and crypto industry. since the founder the digital finance agency, which specializes arranging icos and for fintech and blockchain projects. supervised over successful icos julian zegelman, esq. julian experienced corporate attorney, serial entrepreneur and angel investor. managing partner velton zegelman pc, boutique corporate and securities law firm with offices san francisco (ca), sunnyvale (ca), and moscow (russia). julian's practice focuses corporate law, securities, venture capital, and the emerging field cryptocurrency law. currently acting company's counsel numerous high profile token sales ranging from singapore delaware. julian also founding partner tmt cryptofund, blockchain focused fund and advisor numerous blockchain companies. dr. vitaly berzon investor, managing partner for several investment institutions(germany, israel, usa) with more than years experience, with profound technical background. top areas professional interests are cryptocurrency, payment systems, hi-load software solutions based blockchain technology. one early investors the cryptocurrency. the past years was involved into more than startups. michael hoh michael has been member the board different well-known, international financial service companies the former axa daughter zsh and ovb. after apprenticeship bayerische vereinsbank and his studies law and economics started his carrier assistant the board allianz insurance group. since that time engaged the development, structuring, operation, analysis and sales fund and alternative investment concepts: public closed end funds well private placements, club deals and structured bonds for professional investors particular the field venture and real estate investments. mikhail lunev founder ecoinomy ltd, company that focuses complex projects finance and blockchain like cointrend.me and tailor swift token sale platform. terms, conditions and risks smq token not investment smq tokens are the internal currency simdaq project; they are not some sort formal legally binding investment. due unforeseen circumstances, the objectives set forth this document may amended. all individuals and parties involved the purchase smq tokens their own risk. smq tocken does not guarantee property rights smq tokens not guarantee the rights any property the right make managerial decisions regarding the simdaq project. risk failure possible that, for various reasons, the simdaq platform and the team's actions terms marketing and promotion may not successful. the team will take all necessary measures, however, cannot guarantee the commercial success the platform. technical risks there are technological risks associated with the development the simdaq platform and waves and ethereum blockchains presented the project. the event malfunctioning waves ethereum, smq tokens may work unexpected manner. this document not public offer. all relations arising connection with participation this ico are governed the terms and conditions posted http://simdaq.com/tc/