white paper draft march disclaimer this white paper draft for informative purposes only. without permission from simmitri, inc. the recipient this document shall not deliver disclose and part this document any third party and shall not make any copies reproductions any the confidential information herein. copyright (c) simmitri, inc. table contents what sim? introduction background market analysis investment grid modernization investment blockchain energy key market drivers technology utility companies are bullish smart grids the cost for energy infrastructure generational perspectives regarding smart energy grids smart grid energy problems market segment challenges utility company adoption issues consumer specific issues simmitri network solution distributed energy resources (der) home energy management systems (hems) simmitri cloud exchange proposed technological solution simmitri hardware artificial intelligence blockchain technology roadmap core team simmitri (sim) white paper what sim? introduction sim the energy economy built for the future. born within elite solar company now known simmitri (simmitri.com), with the mission restore "balance power" and continue building their strong community relationships move forward into the century. sim the economic bridge that will fast track such relationship, providing self-sufficient and decentralized network powered artificial intelligence (ai), communicated through internet things (iot) and audited blockchain technology. sim the cryptocurrency token generated from within our "simbox", built balance power between the consumer, prosumer, innovators and utilities. each device acts node our network which call the energy things whereas sim provides the currency that will compensate users based enhancing building performance. the energy conservation efforts inside the building generates negative kilowatt hours "negawatts" that convert automatic output sim tokens that can used for your economic benefit. you can program the simbox alert for manual control, the built-in software can automatically address your energy conservation needs while you focus the finer things life. either way, sim provides the consumer and prosumer with the incentive reduce individual energy consumption, distribute those who are need and lighten the footprint all stamp mother nature. simmitri (sim) white paper background what started family-owned company founded simmitri began serving their local community with quality roofing, construction and electrical services. master elite roofer with gaf material corporation, was natural progression segway into solar. simmitri's solar business grew even further into energy efficiency services with focus corporate clients. servicing over clients central california have installed, repaired and facilitated energy throughout thousands electrical load panels. customer service and data collection has always been trademark the company and part the business growth process. survey our customers, learn about essential concerns regards all daily aspects energy efficiency. collecting data points from our users has been paramount the direction moving into artificial intelligence new service simmitri. when analyzing user behavior data with other energy forecasting data points such as; timing, weather, location, providers and multiple others, the data begins show the best practices for either conserving producing energy. this provides comprehensive energy analysis, enabling clients (participants) systematically yield the greatest rewards. simmitri has been recruiting core team blockchain experts who are researching and developing revolutionary strategies incorporate our energy management systems approach, while integrating and smart contracts. our extensive background the renewable energy market has positioned well ahead the competition this new and exciting world energy tokenization. believe better have foundation based energy before incorporating blockchain technology, rather than blockchain startup incorporating energy. simmitri (sim) white paper market analysis the market for our smart grid product can considered either home energy management system (hems) building energy management system (bems). this technology could applied both hems and bems which are considered two entirely different market segments; hems for residential homes and bems for commercial buildings. although the market segments may considered separate, company see them one market, just two types clients. furthermore, serve more than just the homeowner the commercial property owner and invite additional clean energy participants join listed our economy. however, were make final claim where the physical location our devices would most-likely be, they would located site the home business. overall, whether it's called hems bems product/service, they both have the same goal, ultimately having better system for managing and controlling their energy consumption. hems originally came onto the scene system set utilities, but has now merged into connected smart home land grab. vendors who offer hems products and services have definitely seized market momentum, and the leaders are the ones who already had footing the home and adding energy modality was simple addition the already pre-existing list home services. the consumer electronics show (ces) january showed, much the show had sense "smart home-esque" it. companies have caught that the one who wins the smart home race wins the industry, which just getting started, especially with artificial intelligence. market leaders (google ai, amazon's alexa, apple' siri, etc.) are considered more entertainment instructional service than energy management automation the moment, but the artificial intelligence that operate these tech giants' devices can easily add programmable skill sets into them which connect the network that runs the home thermostat, lights and http://www.neep.org/initiatives/high-efficiency-products/home-energy-management-systems https://www.ces.tech/ simmitri (sim) white paper on. time will tell how involved these tech giants become the hems even bems space the coming years, however, there are still several fundamental differences between what alexa device and simmitri device can do, which explained later this document. according navigant research, global revenue attributed hems devices expected grow billion currently, the bems industry harder calculate with all the different oncoming vendors and software solutions that facilitate barrage different energy management solutions facilities, warehouses, parks and on. what known, however, the bems market leaders with large and diversified energy portfolios are the companies who have the current market hold. competitive markets such hems and bems, innovators must seek adoption through disruption, alliances complimentary services. simmitri technologies solve the primary challenges that face smart grid issues today and look become adopted into the smart grid economy through our unique value proposition (uvp) ai-powered blockchain solution iot energy devices, which commonly distinguishes simmitri apart from competitors this space. investment grid modernization utilities, innovators and consumers are aware the dated infrastructure that our grid. momentum from public programs have become mainstream for not only incentives and tax credits, but also stimulus grants issued solve the burden modernizing the grid well implementing unique, new innovations that prove help with reliability and sustainability. billion was managed the office electricity delivery and energy reliability (oe) recent years help the overall grid industry reliability and efficiency efforts help accelerate the deployment advanced technologies similar that which simmitri develops. additionally, the department energy (doe) has joined the movement with the grid https://www.navigantresearch.com/newsroom/annual-global-revenue-attributed-to-home-energy-management-devices-is-exp ected-to-reach---billion-in- simmitri (sim) white paper modernization initiative (gmi), effort create strategic alliances help solve reliability issues through consortium industry experts and leaders. investment blockchain energy over the past year: $mm has been invested blockchain projects the energy sector. there are currently companies working combining blockchain into energy market the united states, and additional projects internationally. simmitri unique this group innovators are creating the only ai-powered blockchain our energy solution. saying that, there are currently only handful energy coins that have paved the way for investing into these platforms exchanges. sim token will among one these. key market drivers the smart grid market pace grow within the next two years. the investments that are flowing into the technology that manages energy consumption and improves building performance the key driver for this market. the other primary driver customer engagement. never before the history electric management have consumers become engaged this sector. traditionally, has always been "behind the curtain" model where consumers simply trusted that the lights would stay and had little awareness how they were affecting the overall grid, let alone interact within it. now, consumers are being proactive and purchasing hems products that they can communicate with what their energy wants and needs are help serve themselves, their neighbors and the overall grid more effectively. another large factor considered driving the smart grid market the need for distributed energy resources (ders). ders were introduced recent years the adoption solar and https://www.energy.gov/under-secretary-science-and-energy/grid-modernization-initiative https://www.greentechmedia.com/articles/read/energy-blockchain-startups-raised--million-since-#gs.sdpio http://www.strategyr.com/marketresearch/smart_grid_market_trends.asp simmitri (sim) white paper storage became more prevalent residential markets. now, the smart grid can depend small percentage (roughly consumers generate their own energy from their own investments and act active participant not only creating enough power for their own building, but can now sell back energy the grid. using homeowners and property owners create their own power has been monumental shift the conversation around how smart grids will function. alongside the ability generate power the residential local level came into question who eligible for producing renewable energy certificates (recs) and how that interworks with the economy the grid homeowner company. albeit difficult identify figures for drivers the market regarding recs, see this gap market that would definitely drive innovation this direction. technology while sources demand for efficiency and renewable energy continue expand and diversify, technological advances are paving the way for increased deployment easing renewable integration into the grid. two areas rapid progress are energy storage and digitalization. first, storage; solar and wind have become more viable replacements for traditional fuel sources when paired with storage capacity. and the cost lithium ion battery modules has declined more than percent since driving sharply increasing energy storage deployment many countries. according ihs markit, residential solar and electric battery storage could become cost competitive with grid electricity blockchain another digital innovation that already helping integrate renewable and energy accountability the grid. the first pilot project europe using networked fleet home energy storage systems and blockchain technology recently began operating. the regional transmission system operator and storage provider are using intelligent blockchain-enabled platform absorb excess output from wind plants northern germany into networked pool https://ihsmarkit.com/pdf/blockchain-distributed-ledgers-revolution-for-power-market_.pdf simmitri (sim) white paper home battery storage systems, and then discharge this energy when and where required. this solution reduces transmission bottlenecks, limits the need curtail wind output, and helps decrease fossil fuel-fired generation, while also compensating home storage system participants with free electricity. through technologies like analytics, ai, and blockchain, digitalization could not only make easier integrate renewables into the grid, but can also help markets derive value from distributed renewables and begin compensating owners for providing services the grid. instead being viewed intermittent resources that can disrupt the grid, wind and solar may soon seen potential solutions the simmitri market. utility companies are bullish smart grids utility leaders overwhelmingly anticipate substantial solar and wind power growth the next years, according utility dive's survey the sector. among utility executives, percent say utility-scale wind will increase moderately significantly over the next years, and percent predict the same for utility-scale solar. utility executives were most confident more than two-thirds respondents each region -there would moderate significant growth utility-scale solar, followed distributed generation, such rooftop solar, and then distributed energy storage. majority respondents each region also expect grid-scale energy storage, wind and natural gas play greater role their power mix going forward. they were least optimistic about oil and nuclear (especially the coasts), with coal coming last. the results are based online survey more than electric utility employees the u.s. and canada, conducted utility dive january just over half the respondents work investor-owned utility, percent work municipal public utility and percent work electric cooperative. https://s.amazonaws.com/dive_assets/rlpsys/seu_.pdf simmitri (sim) white paper utilities were most confident about the growth utility-scale solar, with least two-thirds respondents each region expecting either moderate significant growth the resource. solar sentiment was strongest the west coast, rocky mountain and southwest regions, with more than expecting moderate-to-significant growth, reflecting the abundant solar resource those areas well the declining costs photovoltaic technology. the cost for energy infrastructure large u.s. businesses including fortune companies are increasingly acting their publicly announced renewable energy goals new utility-scale wind and solar energy projects are now often the lowest cost power available. according the wef report, coalition more than corporate entities set goal purchasing renewable energy the report estimates that the coalition still has some left purchase order meet that goal, and questions whether current transmission plans can accommodate the increase demand. generational perspectives regarding smart energy grids sixty-three percent residential consumers are very concerned about climate change and their personal carbon footprints. but this rises percent among millennial respondents and percent among gen similarly, millennials percent) are much more likely believe that climate change caused human actions, followed gen percent). what's the reason for this age-related difference opinion? perhaps millennials and gen xers have studied the link between carbon emissions and climate change school, they've been exposed media reports about for their entire lives. older generations, the other hand, may not familiar with the scientific data, thus making them more skeptical connection between climate change and human activity. http://www.weforum.org/docs/wef_fostering_effective_energy_transition_report_.pdf https://ecoamerica.org/climate-change-a-rising-policy-priority-for-millennials/ simmitri (sim) white paper smart grid energy problems consumers are not electricians. for the majority, consumers not understand how electrical power transmitted and distributed throughout the home. therefore, when problems arise, the energy consumer left make their best guess how troubleshoot and solve spontaneous issues. additionally, the consumer left understand their electric bill and make efforts managing it. population and electronic devices grow exponentially does the need for energy. the infrastructure utility grids are stressed and outdated, they are becoming less reliable demand continues rise. furthermore there energy demand time use imbalance that further complicates the problem (i.e. the duck curve). this leads higher grid stress and volatile energy prices. utilities and governments have put forth effort creating programs incentivize people reduce overall energy usage through energy efficiency measures and shift real time demand shifting energy usage different parts the day. the problem all these programs require considerable amount resources administer. these programs require people engaged high level, which require site visits people's homes for energy audits, calculations, recommendations more efficient appliances, verification energy efficient measures taken, rebate forms and processing. addition, these programs are only ensuring that appliances are being upgraded but not the usage behavior the person occupying the building, which key solving the demand issue. unfortunately, human behavior one the hardest things change and this one major reason why these programs will never the complete solution. https://www.caiso.com/documents/flexibleresourceshelprenewables_fastfacts.pdf simmitri (sim) white paper market segment challenges one final headwind has been the challenge attracting the next tranche buyers beyond the early adopters that fed growth until now, which has led solar deployment slowdown while wind power capacity added from january-september was percent from solar additions fell percent. residential and utility-scale solar deployment has slowed, while nonresidential solar, which includes corporate, government, and community installations, expected grow percent despite expansion into new states prices continue fall, new residential solar system sales not seem enough offset relative weakness top markets such california. the utility industry, sluggish solar growth expected continue and before potentially rebounding utilities focus projects come online later. some projects have been delayed, potential customers have hesitated sign power purchase agreements until the trade case resolved. the commercial sector appears show long-term potential energy managers across variety industries become more educated about solar opportunities and more efficient financing structures emerge. consumer specific issues consumers are restricted from conducting their own real-time energy audit. furthermore, they are unable review custom energy efficient options per device from the audit and are bound the rules and costs the utility company. finally, consumers are not incentivized appropriately become energy efficient. however, consumers are interested controlling their energy costs. about eight households continued take steps reduce their electric bills over the past year. what's more, these actions appear working: two thirds expect use the same amount electricity over the next year while just under one-quarter expect use less. https://www.communitysolarvalueproject.com/uploads//////___market_research.pdf simmitri (sim) white paper although consumers are continuing take steps reduce household electricity consumption, more than two-thirds percent) believe they are doing all they can reduce their bills even further. this proportion has remained about the same since yet, they not yet have workable solution for controlling their energy consumption costs. overloaded circuits the number most frequent reason for tripped breakers that the circuit overloaded, which safety feature. this usually from consumers plugging too many appliances because they are not familiar with which circuits can handle which energy-demanding devices. this then puts strain the physical properties themselves, causing damage and potential fire hazard. many homes have electrical load panels that are very outdated and should not relied upon single source safety this should occur. according statistics gathered the department energy, major blackouts are the upswing. incredibly, over the past two decades, blackouts impacting least customers have increased percent, according doe data. this mostly the result our aging grid; with equipment staying online longer than its programmed life, chances problems increase. but we're not just talking about power plants here. much the thousands miles wiring that makes the grid old, too. the weather takes its toll. pretty much every major storm leaves people without power, and work crews rushing make repairs. however, recent years, those repairs have been larger and have taken longer accomplish. https://www.eia.gov/electricity/monthly/epm_table_grapher.php?t=epmt_b_ simmitri (sim) white paper manual conservation energy usage operation. managing appliances and energy-demanding devices and off peak hours very difficult for the average consumer. most consumers are not aware how they can conserve energy more efficiently, and for the most part it's not automated which passes the responsibility onto the consumer. lack information the modern consumer regards their "powerful" lifestyle often leaves them powerless. for example, the typical procedure for when the power goes out call the electrical company and ask what happening even when you know storm crossing over. but what you had idea why there power outage? what you had idea that the deep freezer you purchased raised your electric bill $/mo? what you were spending per year per lightbulb, when you could spending only $.? and what any faulty wiring device inefficiencies could covered from insurance warranty claim? again, powerless because you just didn't know. lack integration using the potential use case for warranty claim just one scenario. the prolific world applications and api integrations, the missed opportunity for connected eot experience very significant. simmitri believes that multiple online entities should constant communication, include; power, weather, health, insurance and cellular network providers. http://blogs.worldbank.org/energy/why-saving-energy-is-so-hard http://www.wrecc.com/what-uses-watts-in-your-home/ https://www.energy.gov/eere/wind/renewable-systems-integration simmitri (sim) white paper utility company adoption issues previously stated, the electrical grid old. originally designed last years, many parts have already surpassed that. there are even parts that are about years old. yet little being done replace the aged parts. this has resulted the american society civil engineers giving the power grid for reliability. part the problem financial. currently, the grid needs estimated trillion dollars worth repairs and upgrades. power companies, many which run narrow margin, say they can't afford replace aged equipment, they keep patching and using it. this especially true the companies who own the oldest equipment. the other part governmental. everything from installing new power pole building nuclear power plant requires enormous amount red tape. wide number government agencies have their finger the pie, making the job all that much more complex. utilities need reduce demand they can deliver stable grid. they deliver stable grid they get bonus check from the state. they not, then they get huge fines. this why they are throwing money energy efficiency rebate programs incentivize people conserve. utilities face disruptive change number fronts, they are seeking transform their business models order adapt shifting market trends. but while utilities know their current models need change, it's easier said than done. utility executives' attitudes about business model reform have remained relatively constant over the last year. for the second year running, state regulatory models and integration emerging technologies top the list obstacles the evolution utility business models. consumer costs and internal resistance change again rounded out the top four, though respondents were more concerned about the cost change this year than last. utility business model reforms are overseen and facilitated state regulatory https://www.infrastructurereportcard.org/cat-item/energy/ simmitri (sim) white paper commissions, making unsurprising that respondents have consistently identified them obstacle change. but sentiment may shifting somewhat. utility regulators were named the biggest impediment change wide margin, beating out emerging technology integration this year, regulators and cost concerns tied for the top spot, each receiving the vote. this suggests that utilities are becoming less dissatisfied with state regulators more states take reform dockets similar the rev new york california's der proceedings. also indicates some the frustration expressed regulators past surveys may related new choices offered respondents the survey, such wholesale market constructs federal environmental regulations, each which received the total vote this year. simmitri network solution "energy-saving technologies keep improving faster than they're applied, efficiency ever larger and cheaper resource." emory lovins when introduce simmitri, are actually introducing new energy network paradigm. now, the energy market transition from centralized network decentralized and even partially distributed network. would like take even more progressive approach which could considered self-sufficient network https://rev.ny.gov/ simmitri (sim) white paper when the simmitri team tackled the idea how make self-sufficient network, were inspired mother nature. all living beings are self-sufficient life forms, living within interdependent system. this balance between interdependence and self-sufficiency that allows the natural world thrive its diversity. simmitri integrating this principle balance into its network creating hybridized version the distributed network which both self-sufficient and capable participating the decentralized network, thereby possessing the strengths both. distributed energy resources (der) distributed energy resources (ders) are electricity-producing resources controllable loads that are directly connected local distribution system connected host facility within the local distribution system. during high energy demand times and when the grid stressed, the utility company sends the simmitri cloud request for its aggregate customers cut consumption demand response initiative. shown figure simmitri cloud then pings every customers' simbox (a) initiate the preset energy savings mode. prosumers (b) produce electrons feeding power back into the utility grid the customer has "simstation" that integrates with solar and generates energy. this entire process automated simi the http://www.ieso.ca/en/learn/ontario-power-system/a-smarter-grid/distributed-energy-resources simmitri (sim) white paper interface thereby making effortless for the customer participate this smart grid economy.. figure simmitri der program with local utility simmitri provides the tools for current utility and government energy savings programs more efficient and effective significantly affecting the timing imbalance between peak demand and renewable energy production, also referred the "duck curve". acting the gateway between the utility providers and the home's devices, users receive requests from utility providers cut consumption and will automatically conserve energy based unneeded usage that time. the memory then logged into simi's database where, how and when the nodes the network became more energy efficient. this will begin programming 'scenes' which learns through human behavior and triggered utility network demands. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/duck_curve simmitri (sim) white paper home energy management systems (hems) the home energy management systems (hems) market innovators have developed fairly large amount utility-facing products well customer-facing systems. however, there are some issues that are repeating themselves what has happened the traditional grid over the decades considered patchwork top patchwork. creating hems solutions for smart grid just appears digital patchwork now. there are over companies with multiple hems products flooding help conserve energy, improve building performance and various tracking and management services, all offering their unique hardware/software solution creating managing energy efficiency. furthermore, all putting their own spin the data collected. albeit that agree that there are truly some incredible devices that exceptional performances, still felt that there was lack standard the new and improved smart home. most companies create energy management products that are entirely utility-facing entirely customer-facing, believed the product needed face both help with creating standard. our research, found that the only true way for customer/utility/innovator synergy and efficiently distribute energy throughout the entire building from one standard (no matter what brand(s) the user chooses) was update the electrical load panel and usher into the century. this effort, simmitri essentially began create its own hems (or bems) product, calling the "simbox". this smart box what was needed order allow consumers still enjoy the hems services they prefer, meanwhile using the party data integrate via application programming interface (api) analyze and prepare for more smart home energy scenes. http://www.neep.org/initiatives/high-efficiency-products/home-energy-management-systems simmitri (sim) white paper the user's data collected per device used establish parameters the blockchain execute smart contracts, the smart contract issues sim tokens based how many negawatts were produced. shown figure the simbox connects the smart plug any hems device determining the parameters needed energy efficient. the data absorbed from the devices backend database and used determine power supply. parameters are met and smart contract executed, the user receives sim well gamifying their profile. figure hems data flow through blockchain device relationship simmitri cloud exchange when simmitri discovered how the technology could not only communicate with utility needs, customer needs and hems services, also learned that the advanced data collected could incredibly useful solve multitude other ancillary services. learned that could use simmitri (sim) white paper this data daisy chain few services together include; public incentives, carbon offsets and renewable energy certificates (recs), all which can traded. simmitri now position facilitate economy which conservation, generation and demands interact efficiently. the growing energy market trend peer-to-peer, decentralized model whereas consumers can participate trade economy satisfy their energy needs. identify projects who create exchanges for consumers buy and sell recs and carbon offsets, the advantage simmitri would the solution more automated trustless system which the blockchain solves. figure design mockup simmitri cloud exchange sim earnings, nagawatts and usage sim erc compliant token that serves the utility the blockchain. using the ethereum blockchain, sim leverages the commonly used public ledger have central point failure and create security through cryptography. the sim token base currency the simmitri (sim) white paper exchange and allowed provide the electric load reductions 'bid' wholesale energy market. the tokenized reward system pays users ratio sim negawatts order reward consumers for becoming energy efficient well additional tokens for prosumers who generate power. having platform for users trade their sim tokens for other options such as; usd, renewable energy certificates (recs), carbon credits, other energy tokens and various home energy management systems (hems) products and services, create economy with culture that balances profits with common goals. negawatt power theoretical unit power representing amount electrical power (measured watts) saved. the energy saved direct result energy conservation increased energy efficiency. negawatt market can thought secondary market, which electricity allocated from one consumer another consumer within the energy market. this market, negawatts could treated commodity. commodities have the ability traded, which would allow negawatts incorporated the international trading system. roughly all u.s. electrical generating capacity place meet the last demand and there where the immediate efficiency opportunity exists. march the federal energy regulatory commission (ferc), the agency that regulates the u.s. electrical grid, approved rule establishing the approach compensation for demand response resources (der) intended benefit customers and help improve the operation and competitiveness organized wholesale energy markets. this means that negawatts produced reducing electrical use can demand the same market prices real megawatts generated electricity. the incentives for simmitri negawatt market include receiving fiat money, sim tokens, reduction national energy dependency and the local electricity deregulation within certain https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/negawatt_power simmitri (sim) white paper nations states. for the cost incentive, those who produce negawatts simply conserve energy can earn tokens selling the saved energy the simmitri market. cost for negawatt power can calculated using cost-effectiveness analysis cea. for energy efficiency investments cea calculation produces the value saved energy negawatts $/kwh. such valuation allows comparing the price negawatts with price energy such electricity from the grid the cheapest renewable alternative. through partnerships, sim tokens can issued based negawatt earnings and used currency for various options; bill payment utility provider for power usage upgrades from hems products and services trading sims for recs, carbon credits and other energy products zero-fee transactions cloud exchange gamification gamification the new way empower the community and increase the utility the token within the ecosystem. energy conservation one the main goals for competition between buildings, this would increase the motivation even more. dashboard, connected with social media app, presented with ratings homes/buildings that saved the most electricity weekly/monthly basis, even real-time. certain pool tokens will distributed airdropping each day/week/month among the top energy-saving participants. competitions could happen between neighbours, between cities and later on, even between states and nations. official awards and badges would presented the winners with bonuses the exchange. users will also allowed create their own betting pools incentivize their neighbourhoods and rivalling groups for electricity conservation prizes. users would stake their own tokens simmitri (sim) white paper collateral and they would expect get profit their neighborhood group wins. also, the simmitri platform would set certain targets reached for certain neighborhood that would result extra tokens. the ecosystem users seek energy-saving strategies, this could become very attractive for energy-saving device manufacturers hems. token holders would eligible for special discounts devices offered from manufacturers and become increasingly more engaged their own data results. token holder, the longer users hold tokens, the bigger the discount received bonuses earned. such benefits would motivate users hold their tokens for longer term and also shall result the value tokens increase. participants currently, households have limited ability select certain producers (e.g. solar plant few miles away, wind power plant ten miles away) for their clean energy needs. this exchange could enable households property owners select the type origin electricity supply they desire power their home. alternately, this platform enables innovators and utility providers expand their services and conduct business with various participants. throughout this economy, the customer (e.g. homeowner) usually referenced consumer prosumer participant the network that primarily focused conserving energy while focused generating energy. for example, could represented warehouse full energy-demanding devices that installs automated efficiency system and could solar field nearby. the general idea keep them segmented energy conservationists (a) and energy generators (b). simmitri (sim) white paper ... conservationists consumer (a) consumers (homeowners, business owners, property managers, etc) have the ability interface with the simmitri exchange and have complete control over their energy profile. conserving energy, the data metrics have demonstrated generate negawatts and produce validation parameters the blockchain execute smart contracts, which turn earns tokens, producing revenue for this user based how much energy was saved. the user then empowered decide what they wish with the earned sim tokens. large focus the simmitri economy has been put this participant because there long list incentives that comes with conserving energy. most homeowners and business owners who are looking take advantages public incentives like tax credits, cost savings energy sellbacks are looking adopt alternative technologies earn such incentives. the simbox acts digital meter constantly audit energy usage and automatically references incentives they may eligible for. tax credits (a.k.a. write-offs) are secured when these users provide proof that they have installed energy-conserving device (e.g. solar, fuel cells, etc). for example, the united states, the residential energy tax credit program incentivizes the homeowner install energy-conserving producing device. the simibox understands and validates which source powering the home and assigns (%) the source. for example, outfitted home could reported be; utility, solar, hydrogen fuel cells that are powering the home grid. the platform would place this data the blockchain which then validated across the ledger and made public. https://www.irs.gov/newsroom/energy-incentives-for-individuals-residential-property simmitri (sim) white paper ... prosumers (b) prosumer anyone who produces energy resources well consumes it. this company, individual will able take advantage the system their own utility grid, producing tokenized energy for sale their local community well incentivized conserve energy, earning sim for their own behavior modifications. very participant who generating energy must validated the ledger and pass the standards earn renewable energy certificates (recs). the common standard for rec equals megawatt. however, are introducing -decimal value recs users can earn certificates based percentages megawatt. date, homeowners have never been able create recs and sell them other participants economy. traditionally, recs have only been created from solar, wind and other renewable energy facilities. ... utility providers traditional electric companies and utility providers will large part this economy. simmitri's history, working with utility companies have been positive experience and offer significant amount innovation explored with existing infrastructure. ... commercial innovators company innovators who offer smart home (hems) solutions will approached become part the simmitri network. solutions include; appliances, materials, storage, data, production and all digital assets that can offer efficient upgrades. http://www.amdocsoptima.com/the-rise-of-the-prosumer-in-the-energy-market/ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_united_states_electric_companies simmitri (sim) white paper proposed technological solution simmitri hardware simmitri leverages three primary hardware solutions this economy. starting with the electrical load panel, the "simbox", runs ongoing energy audit every circuit and possible distribution point sending signal through the circuit wires and reads unique electrical signature each circuit, similar fingerprint. the smart socket "simsocket" then sends feedback the simbox. this establish grid monitored and subject advanced automation. the simmitri power station, "simstation" added microgrid power station that allows you produce electrons and send back the grid. these products will learn and automate the most efficient and effective ways produce negawatts managing electrical consumption real time, which beneficial for demand reduction and grid stabilization. figure simmitri hardware solutions simmitri (sim) white paper simbox the goal the mvp showcase the product minimal cost and have actually working product which could showcase the token usage and utility, this the initial high-level architecture propose for the platform. the simbox proposed technical functions will be: acts mirrored electrical panel that audits all energy-demanding devices the building. receives communication from smart hems and iot devices the identity the device further analyze the importance what need want. responds with electrical feedback the devices with needed power supply. collects and stores data from each device the smart meter. runs the and blockchain protocols ensure energy efficiency standards. stores private keys safely the hardware storage the device. act the gateway the ethereum network, reading the data from the blockchain and tracking wallet balances. enable users transfers their sim tokens from wallet the cloud exchange. exchange their earned sim tokens other cryptocurrency fiat currency and transfer his account. simsocket when decided approach bringing the fuse box into the modern era, although excited the possibilities, still identified serious limitations. one the primary challenges that the traditional distribution circuits themselves leading into each socket didn't provide enough information. basically, all the information provided were two metrics; how much energy used and when was used. this left the dark for identifying which appliances were need handle basic functions operating, not knowing the plugged device was simmitri (sim) white paper refrigerator, baby monitor, modem security cameras all things considered needed constant. so, additional hardware solutions needed addressed, include the use smart plugs help identify unique devices and ultimately control the energy flow based the parameters. the simsocket proposed technical functions will be: separate individual plug sockets multiple portals for energy flow. for light sockets, allow for bulbs harnessed. consume data "pairing" smart plug iot device. relay data back simbox. consume sensory data (video, audio, location, temperature, etc.) desired. simstation for prosumers, storage device could implemented store and transfer renewable energy from solar panel other means effectively participate the economy energy generator. this high-performance power station comes equipped with connections for multiple energy sources, pairs with multiple microinverters and processes storage fraction the cost. artificial intelligence simi the smart box powered our artificial intelligence simi makes the simbox synchrophaser steroids. the measures the flow electricity through the building's grid real time, allowing users actively manage and avoid disruptions and detect inefficiencies. the sensors across the network would communicate with the grid and modify electricity use during peak times, thereby relaxing the workload the grid and lowering prices for our consumers. for the network, we're delivering more than just machine learning, but advanced, human-like protocol. simi will begin her life with behavioral modification through machine learning, proven great for regression (prediction) and classifiers similar that child who born and https://www.energy.gov/articles/how-synchrophasors-are-bringing-grid-st-century simmitri (sim) white paper raised certain environment. the algorithms are the building blocks for the ai, which includes multiple machine learning components such speech recognition (recurrent neural network), image recognition (convolutional neural network), knowledge representation and then the really interesting part having curiosity and human context allowing "it" "her." simi uses recurrent neural network (rnn) process text and find out the intention (e.g. action take, information, etc.) that rnn categorizes the intention well fills the necessary concepts complete the request the energy demand. the request ambiguous, contradictory, more information needed, will simply ask for the information requires complete its task. supporting images for more context will useful and can done training convolutional neural network (cnn) map the images the same concepts the rnn. concepts can trained match word embeddings (have them both reside the same dimensional space). this would make the knowledge concepts map directly words. that way will more fluent for simi map words concepts, and images could also translated concepts. simi also uses k-means clustering find the clusters (categories) the knowledge concepts, and that the way she has human-readable way "understanding" the ai's memory. simi consumes data points from hems devices and the network, she unpacks what she believes (references) will the most energy efficient processing protocol the user. blockchain technology there need understand the distinction between public and private blockchain. public blockchain enables everyone use the network, initiate transactions, read data and join the network miners. the bigger the network, the more secure is. private blockchain https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/recurrent_neural_network https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/convolutional_neural_network https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/k-means_clustering simmitri (sim) white paper maintained closed network nodes, even single entity. therefore, for transparency and token economics features, public blockchain preferred for this case. market trend, programming possibilities and community with the ethereum blockchain and the functionality smart contracts brings this solution the main option. ethereum blockchain introduced new opportunities, which bitcoin and similar bitcoin protocol blockchains not have. using sim ethereum-enabled code executes the smart contracts decentralized fashion. this means that the blockchain can move not only value, but also implement rules, according which that value can moved. sim users not need trust any central server and can trust the blockchain consensus algorithm and output the system. the smart contracts are pieces code which are stored the blockchain network (in each node's database the simmitri network). this defines the conditions which all parties using the contract agree and certain actions described the contract can executed required conditions are met. know, each transaction within the ethereum network cost gas (fees). therefore, interact with the ethereum network, wallets within the simbox will have own some amount eth currency able initiate transactions sim tokens and pay the gas cost for each transaction within the network. kickstart the platform, simmitri will subsidize the first transactions and each new simbox launched will have small amount eth currency. essentially, the simbox will node running within the network. this will application running within the device (e.g. node.js application) that would: communicate with ethereum network via api; track the balance wallet communicate; initiate transactions; communicate with crypto exchanges for instant crypto/fiat exchange. simmitri (sim) white paper allowing simbox owners instantly exchange their cryptocurrency (e.g. sim eth) fiat currency and transfer instantly credit card can done through shapeshift changelly integrating with their public api. the platform will utilize smart contracts and the ethereum blockchain increase the transparency, network effect and automation. the smart contracts described below will used within the platform. the simbox's backend used for storing information about the user and household electricity usage, will also analyze the data given and initiate various actions based that (e.g. initiate promotions back user.) there will need for smart contract that would collect all the tokens distributed among simbox households (e.g. for saved energy) and could work follows: contract stores the registry all wallets used simbox owners. could added removed the platform administrator; collected tokens would transferred the smart contract for distribution; each wallet could track real-time how many tokens are eligible receive the end each token distribution period; certain frequency, the platform owner could initiate tokens distributed among all the participants within the ecosystem, based some certain rules (e.g. saved energy percentage from total). rules (e.g. kwh electricity saved, devices turned off during peak times, etc.) shall defined within the smart contract and simbox wallets participating the competition defined; reward tokens stakes are preloaded the smart contract; every day metrics data usage relevant competition submitted the smart contract; all the participants can track results; simmitri (sim) white paper once competition over, tokens would distributed based previously defined rules. roadmap design, technical and production line strategy specs for simibox primary and secondary rules roster for simi functions simmitri token (sim) applied listed crytpocurrency exchange(s) customer wallet (dashboard) finalized for earnings and transfers integration testing blockchain and data collection open api networks established market maturity for implementation and partners (analysis) manufactured simibox prototype launch smart home incubator program beta testing local market sample group integration simibox into current client list and pipeline analysis deep metrics from beta testers applications filed for state incentives for renewable energy providers simmitri (sim) white paper core team for brief bios the team members, please visit http://token.simmitri.com simmitri (sim) white paper