singularitynet: decentralized, open market and inter-network for ais december abstract the value and power artificial intelligence growing dramatically every year, and will soon dominate the internet and the economy whole. however, tools today are fragmented closed development environment; most are developed one company perform one task, and there way plug two tools together. singularitynet aims become the key protocol for networking and machine learning tools form coordinated artificial general intelligence. singularitynet open-source protocol and collection smart contracts for decentralized market coordinated services. within this framework, the benefits become global commons infrastructure for the benefit all; anyone can access tech become stakeholder its development. anyone can add ai/machine learning service singularitynet for use the network, and receive network payment tokens exchange. singularitynet backed the singularitynet foundation, which operates belief that the benefits should not dominated any small set powerful institutions, but shared all. key goal singularitynet ensure the technology benevolent according human standards, and the network designed incentivize and reward beneficial players. contents vision inspiration acute market needs addressed robust and adaptive software architecture decentralized, self-organizing cooperative the singularitynet foundation services and market overview how singularitynet works network dynamics blockchain integration ratings and agent influence agent reputation and consensus from services marketplace self-organizing internetworking deployment robots and embedded devices decentralized data ownership and use economic logic long term goals and optimization metrics for the economic logic three economic roles, three economic objectives the need for native token managing volatility the open source brokerage the curation market token issuance distribution the reputation and curation reward reserves distribution the beneficial reserve economic logic and the singularitynet value proposition the beneficial reward reserve and for general good democratic governance reputation and stake based voting transitioning full democracy decisions regarding benefit tasks software architecture agents and the network the dynamics providing services multi-agent collaboration wrapping code agents current and future versions high-level roadmap business roadmap: overview technical roadmap: overview alpha version: december beta version: july release december conclusion defense against common attacks wealth attacks reputation gaming technical attacks benefit rewards attack penalty figure hanson humanoid robots, created singularitynet partner hanson robotics, will early targets for embedded implementation singularitynet agents. vision inspiration the concept technological singularity increasingly widely accepted throughout the technology and business worlds. more and more, realized that within the next few decades there will transition new society and economy which machine intelligence the dominant factor; and novel digital and organic technologies acting multiple scales will network together produce emergent "global brain" dynamics unprecedented complexity and sophistication [bro] [kur] [vin] [goe]. humanity faces many challenges the path positive singularity; among these the contemporary global economic system. numerous respects, today's standard financial mechanisms and institutions are not the task serving the economic engine smooth transition broadly positive singularity. new, more flexible, open and rapidly adaptive economic structures and dynamics are needed [ggg]. blockchain provides powerful tool for managing transactions singularityera economy [cb] but blockchain just tool, and must used the right way. blockchain-based framework designed serve the needs agents they interact with each other and with external customers can enable the emergence collective intelligence. and critical that this framework designed with positive principles mind: democratic governance specific issues giving the community voice the system will tend make the system act for the benefit the community; encouraging innovative new agents enter the network, and creating the conditions for agents act manner that feeds the collective intelligence; directing significant percentage the network's efforts toward causes broad benefit. singularitynet has been designed meet these requirements, via delivering intelligence services corporations, individuals and organizations; fostering the emergence increasingly powerful distributed general intelligence; deploying artificial intelligence for ever-increasing benefit many humans and other sentient beings possible. singularitynet explicitly designed both highly valuable the current context, and lay the groundwork for the emergence future self-modifying, decentralized "artificial cognitive organism" with the eventual potential for general intelligence and beneficial ethical characteristics beyond the human level. practical design inspired long theoretical thinking and prototyping the part the founders regarding concepts such artificial general intelligence [goea], open-ended intelligence [wv] and the global brain [hey]. acute market needs addressed singularitynet meets acute and accelerating market need. the current economic and technological context, every business needs ai, but off-the-shelf ais will rarely match business's needs. only tech giants can hire armies developers build custom ais, and even they have hard time hiring enough experts meet demand. singularitynet provides automated process enabling each business connect existing tools together build the solution needs. providing easy means configuring tools, offers both customization and availability, while reducing the reduplication effort involved proprietary development, making the development process more efficient. many state the art tools exist only github repositories created grad students independent researchers. this puts them out the reach anyone without the skills install, configure, and run them. most developers are academics, not businesspeople, and have easily-accessible marketplace monetize their clever code. addition their clever code, machine learning tools require datasets sufficient size. creating and managing such large datasets beyond the means and capabilities most developers, and the closed development model that currently prevails makes hard for developers share datasets. singularitynet launches these tools and datasets onto the marketplace, making them more accessible end-users and developers, and giving developers way monetize their creations. sharing-economy marketplace for ai, that encourages collaboration between these tools and decentralized sharing information, democratizing access the benefits ai. accordance with these goals, singularitynet will open network. anyone can insert agent long the agent shares information according the singularitynet api, and accepts/disburses payment according singularitynet's economic logic. new agents will come from software developers who want access singularitynet's market, which will the hub open services. have situation similar the ones that spawned the creation uber and airbnb: there large unexploited resource, large market need that resource, and are launching the tool connect the two. the unexploited resource algorithms and software existing github and elsewhere, and the market need this resource the businesses that can't afford their own team experts. robust and adaptive software architecture computer science terms, singularitynet essentially distributed computing architecture for making new kinds smart contracts facilitate market interactions with and machine learning tools. the following design principles are incorporated throughout the design: interoperability: the network will able interface with multiple blockchains. data sovereignty and privacy: user data control and sharing comes with privacy-enabled controls top the network, and access validated through smart contracts and the blockchain. modularity: flexible network capabilities make possible create custom topologies, agent collaboration arrangements, and failure recovery methods. scalability: singularitynet will securely host both private and public contracts, more scalable and resilient applications can built top with near zero transaction costs. singularitynet agents can run the cloud, phones, robots, other embedded devices. via close collaboration with co-founding firm hanson robotics, singularitynet designed foster the development multiple species robots the next-generation interface for delivering services and applications, and fostering the emergence global artificial general intelligence. decentralized, self-organizing cooperative one can think about singularitynet "decentralized self-organizing cooperative." this similar concept the better-known dao ("decentralized autonomous organization"), but not quite the same, because the case singularitynet there foundation structure that will provide high-level oversight. the network evolves over time intended have the capability evolve into truly decentralized and autonomous organization. this sort organization distinguished from ordinary corporation, above all, its openness. its foundation, singularitynet set smart contract templates which agents can use request work done, exchange data, and supply the results work. these also include contracts used external, non-ai agents who wish obtain services from agents the network. anyone can create node (an agent) and put online (running server, home computer embedded device) and enter this node into the network, that can request and/or fulfill tasks interaction with other nodes, and engage economic transactions. singularitynet can accessed through its own token, the agi token. token holders can mainly purchase goods and services the marketplace and future could part the democratic governance process specific governance issues. during the initial phases the network's operation, the core parameters the singularitynet's operation will regulated nonprofit foundation, whose activities will advised and monitored supervisory board. the foundation will operate the network and responsible for oversight prevent abuse and hostile behavior, while obviously respecting the privacy the particulars inter-agent interactions. however, beyond this 'high-level oversight, even the early stages the detailed day-to-day operations singularitynet will purely self-organizing, emerging bottom-up way from the activities the agents involved (including e.g. the creation new agents the existing pool agents, and the insertion these new agents into the network). short, singularitynet radically innovative economic mechanism, designed catalyze human and machine intelligence toward new form ethically beneficial self-organizing intelligence. the singularitynet agents designed provide valuable services customers across the internet, while, the process, self-organizing toward its lofty goals. highly successful singularitynet may very plausibly play major role the transition humanity toward positive technological singularity. critically, singularitynet much about the quest good about the quest create increasingly intelligent systems. the singularitynet project designed generate intelligent global economy that pursues maximized benefits for all people, and for all life. through combination powerful agents, human decision-making, and benefit-maximizing architecture, singularitynet will accelerate the development global supermind, helping humanity evolve into more advanced, intelligent, beneficial, and connected mode being. the growth singularitynet will foster advances not only practical algorithms and structures, but also the general theory and practice beneficial artificial general intelligence, the design and analysis structures for ethically intelligent economies, and the continuous refining means conceptualize and estimate "benefit" and "greater good". the singularitynet foundation the non-profit singularitynet foundation responsible for building, supervising and accelerating growth the singularitynet network and marketplace. during the initial phases network operation, while most the minor day-to-day governance decisions will made democratically consulting the tokenholders, the foundation will provide high-level stewardship. the network evolves, the potential will there for transition fully self-regulating decentralized autonomous organization. creating real successful combination sophisticated initial agents, flourishing community agent developers, and rich ecosystem customers varying levels sophistication significant undertaking. fortunately, the founding team brings experience the project, well significant body open-source code lay the foundation for the singularitynet global brain, supporting agents use effectively the network, and creating the conditions for agents act manner that feeds the collective intelligence. the key founding partners the foundation are: the opencog foundation, stewards opencog, the leading open-source artificial general intelligence platform. hanson robotics, creators the world's most lifelike humanoid robots. vulpem, blockchain software engineering consultancy responsible for back-end work number successfully designed private and public blockchains, cryptocurrencies and decentralized applications. artificial intelligence software consultancy novamente llc, providing custom solutions for corporations and government agencies since economic space agency: california-based organization developing gravity, distributed computing architecture that emphasizes both resilience and interoperability, enabling new way create smart contracts. the foundation's executive and leadership team formed and blockchain experts. key team members include: dr. ben goertzel, ceo and leading expert artificial general intelligence. simone giacomelli, blockchain lead and leader multiple successful blockchain projects. dr. david hanson, chairman and entrepreneur the forefront and robotics. mitch loureiro, marketing lead with prior experience leading token sales and marketing initiatives series successful blockchain based products cassio pennachin, cto with two decades experience leading software projects. formal setup the foundation now underway collaboration with team experienced legal professionals. this will include the creation supervisory board, containing solely individuals not involved with the operational management the nonprofit foundation, which will charged with monitoring the foundation's and singularitynet's activities ensure appropriate ethics, compliance and reporting. services and market overview singularitynet will represent the first general-purpose decentralized marketplace for ais the first service providing extensive, inclusive, and holistic array services purchasable cryptocurrency. singularitynet supplies: api and set smart contracts for interacting with agents, token-based economy for handling the financial exchange with agents, and democratic governance mechanism for adjusting the parameters this economy. transactions may occur between agents the network, between external entities and agents. order foster vibrant market, singularitynet will not charge any transaction fees. rather, network operations will funded democratically, via decisions network participants direct fraction newly created tokens toward entities providing and enhancing network infrastructure and associated tools. generically speaking, the primary market for singularitynet "ai service". the global market estimated information age billion and the global big data and business analytics market estimated idg billion the customers here are businesses every area industry (barring handful tech giants who have their own in-house teams). during the first years development will put special effort making singularitynet appealing developers and customers specific market areas: cloud robotics: robot intelligence service; biomedical research, including genomics and clinical medicine analytics cybersecurity, and particularly cybersecurity for blockchain-based businesses however, the choice specific areas focus will not limit the applicability singularitynet across the board. also relevant note that the crypto economy exceeds billion, spans multiple market niches (including internet-of-things and medical among many others), and rapidly growing, and have the opportunity become the dominant provider services this sector. anticipate that firms within the crypto community will figure substantially among the early adopters singularitynet services. currently, there are over daos and decentralized applications running blockchains, and most these are eagerly looking integrate into their services. have been conversations with many these potential customers already; many them are looking collaborate with knowledgeable partners use enhance their operations. are also informal discussions with number large non-blockchainbased corporations interested our services, the above-mentioned market areas and others. anticipate mix crypto and traditional customers; the exact breakdown our clientele will evolve along with the economy whole. the use cryptocurrency and blockchain for services provides number advantages. allows agents exchange work and subcontract with high degree flexibility, and also enables ai-based microservices offered any customer via easily accessible apis (enabled smart contracts under the hood). currently there are very few flexibly available microservices; most commercial ai-as-a-service dispensed via lengthy contracts that bundle various services rigid ways, and end limiting the amount and variety intelligence that any given customer can obtain. the open, decentralized nature singularitynet gives more potential for dynamic, effective intelligence than any more closed, monolithic system could possess, while also aligning the incentives the network whole with the greater good. from day one, singularitynet will offer agents created the opencog foundation and hanson robotics, and variety other existing open-source tools. among many other options, for instance, have been exploring possibilities such neural net tools such caffe, keras, gluon, tensorflow, mxnet, dlj and others; generic machine learning toolkits such apache singa, mahout, spark mllib, shogun, oryx, waffles, weka and moa; bayesian learning frameworks such bcm, bat and mln; machine vision toolkits including open-source workhorses such opencv and simplecv; well potentially commercial machine vision toolkits relying extensively pre-trained neural net models such clarifai and cloudsight. the open design the network, and the economic incentives, should then encourage additional developers add their own agents via the singularitynet api. the singularitynet project uniquely positioned for first-mover advantage two ways. one similar other marketplaces: once have critical mass agents our network, will become the go-to place for microservices, achieving rapidly accelerating technological and market advantage. another subtler: the interactions between the agents singularitynet will lead the emergence synergistic intelligence, decentralized network-mind with wide range abilities. any competing platform will incapable emulating this degree emergent, cooperative intelligence, unless they achieve comparable scale and complexity agents singularitynet which will hard for anyone else achieve, depends combination sophisticated initial agents, flourishing community agent developers, and rich ecosystem customers varying levels sophistication. how singularitynet works network dynamics the key types service exchange singularitynet are: exchange software hardware services for other software hardware services; exchange software hardware services for singularitynet's agi tokens; matchmaking determine favorable combinations exchanges among agents; requesting, providing, vote specific governance issue. make the first two types transactions listed simple possible, set standard software and hardware service apis will provided for incorporation into smart contract templates; and number templates embodying these tools will provided for utilization. few examples services covered these apis would be: image and video processing services, like finding out what people are video, producing text description image; language processing services like text summarization, machine translation text sentiment analysis; providing datasets background knowledge train ais doing data analysis other datasets; requests have some particular dataset analyzed; exchanging processing time, memory, for tokens. the variety services covered will quite large, and the singularitynet agent community will create and maintain ontology for these services democratic mechanisms. initially, anticipate most services will provided exchange for agi tokens, which service vendors can convert into stake holding agi tokens. customers who join the network order obtain access the services marketplace purchasing agi tokens. blockchain integration blockchain technology means transferring money over the internet without intermediary such bank payment processor. uses distributed ledger that updated consensus among the community, rather than held privately. smart contracts are self-executing pieces logic that run the blockchain. the smart contract contains some if-then logic that two parties agree on, and the contract automatically executes payment when the conditions stipulated the contract are fulfilled. singularitynet protocol and structure, implemented smart contracts create decentralized self-organizing cooperative ai. such, can built any open, decentralized framework that satisfies certain basic requirements. requires special innovations cryptocurrency blockchain technology, and the initial implementation will built ethereum, with smart contracts written solidity and designed minimize the gas cost for network operations. however, singularitynet should understood structure and dynamic, that can implemented with various different cryptocurrencies and distributed ledgers, rather than simply ethereum app. communication between agents will happen off-chain peer-to-peer manner, and microtransactions between agents will often benefit from off-chain bidirectional channels well. the singularitynet platform provides set smart contracts, including: api for exchanging information with and among ais, including advertising services, and negotiating terms; mechanisms for exchanging agi tokens for services; democratic governance specific issues. refer the entities executing these contracts agents (with capital "a"), which means either nodes singularitynet, external human software entities that are controlling singularitynet agents. before the release the full version the platform, will augment the smart contract templates with opencog's atomese knowledge representation and graph transformation language. atomese allows smart contracts represented declaratively, which has benefits for both security and intelligence. declarative contracts are easier verify and audit, and less prone obscure programming errors that can introduce security vulnerabilities. contracts represented atomese can also reasoned upon opencog's probabilistic reasoning engine, enabling highly flexible agent-to-agent dynamics. due the rapid evolution cryptocurrencies and associated tools, singularitynet will need able shift between different crypto-economic infrastructures technology progresses. choices regarding the modification and growth the underlying platform singularitynet will made using the dsoc democratic governance mechanisms. among these choices, two key ones are anticipated the medium term: whether and when move from ethereum our own blockchain technology and/or other supporting technologies; the precise design for consensus, should move away from ethereum. among the partner organizations singularitynet the economic space agency (ecsa), california-based team focused creating novel multiblockchain economic structures, design flexible and efficient infrastructure capable serving initial general-purpose underlayer for singularitynet. toward that end, ecsa creating tool called gravity, which provides highly flexible operating system for the multi-blockchain economy, capable supporting wide variety smart contract based interactions with high computational efficiency, variety platforms. gravity comes with set smart contract templates oriented toward design, management and growth decentralized blockchain-based organizations various types. these smart contracts are being crafted the singularitynet team together with the ecsa team, consistent with ecsa's role technological partner singularitynet. ratings and agent influence agents the network well external customers need some way estimate the reputation other agents and marketplace participants. this critical for making choices regarding everyday transactions the network, and also plays core role network governance and resource allocation. singularitynet will provide rating and reputation mechanism address these needs. rating system design difficult, and the singularitynet rating/reputation system will need evolve along with the network. ultimately may equal exceed the subtle and comprehensive rating systems foreseen science fiction authors like cory doctorow [doc]; but for starters simpler system will serve adequately the initial condition for ongoing refinement. the most basic level, after each exchange services for tokens (or for other services), all parties involved are asked rate each other, scale. this simple version, agent's rating the distribution past rating decisions. can simplified into average value well count, which reflects how many times has been evaluated. the average can incorporate some time decay more recent ratings are weighted more heavily than ones the distant past. agents aren't required rate each other, and some defaults can inferred from agent behavior withhold payment and trigger escrow arbitration, it's safe assume dissatisfied with service provider, whereas mark task complete and release payment, although may not think the work done was stellar, was least good enough. defense against various rating system frauds and attacks subtle issue, discussed briefly section along with defenses against various other kinds network attacks bad actors. ratings can multi-dimensional. fact, this multi-dimensional rating system key component singularitynet's economic and governance models. agent reputation can assessed relation general service performance, timeliness, accuracy, and on. other aspects explicitly reflect measures taken the agent prove its good influence, such as: stake deposited the agent, forfeited should its rating (in some dimension) fall below given threshold; "benefit rating" component, which comes from evaluations restricted the agent's performance beneficial tasks. this key for future access benefit tasks; validation external actors, such proof ownership reputable company, provided kyc service; the case open-source software, validation via checksum that ensures the code being advertised matches specific release the repository. atomese represents the smart contracts for agent services way that makes multi-dimensional ratings easy. atomese, one can refine matchmaking based more defined values, balancing factors such timeliness, accuracy, provider reputation, and cost case-by-case basis, depending the requirements the task hand. despite the need for multiple dimensions and aspects ratings, for some purposes valuable have single-number rating, e.g. assess the basic integrity and trustworthiness agent. fulfill this requirement, the singularitynet reputation system includes "base reputation" for each agent which simply real number between and for some purposes the number used "base reputation threshold"; e.g. full participation governance accessible only agents with base reputation higher. agent reputation and consensus initially, singularitynet bound ethereum's approach consensus, whether proof work proof stake. when the network transitions its own blockchain different third party one, there preference implement proof stake the initial consensus protocol due its simplicity and environmental friendliness. this assumes remaining vulnerabilities with proof stake consensus algorithms such "grind staking" and "nothing stake" attacks have been successfully solved the community. the long run intend test the implementation evolution the proof stake with what call proof reputation, which combines several factors that are: stake, overall activity the network, specific rating aspects (particularly benefit rating), length time with activity and rating levels above specific thresholds, etc. machine learning can used find the optimal combination reputation factors. there large overlap between what intend with proof reputation and the nem blockchain's "proof importance" framework; implementing proof reputation intend borrow liberally from nem's ideas and likely some their particular algorithms. nem has done both substantial simulation testing and real-world deployment, and their experience part what makes confident that this sort reputation-centric consensus mechanism workable practice. nem's ideas will require some adaptation make something ideal for the singularitynet context, but there are more similarities than differences between what they've done and what need. some component proof work may also desirable, but would rather have such work solving some beneficial machine learning problem than burn cycles cryptographic puzzles. the computational cost these machine learning tasks varies much more than most crypto puzzles, this idea needs more refinement over the next few years. seems most likely that, the end period refinement and experimentation, will end with machine learning based proof work component within broader proof reputation framework incorporating many nem-like aspects. from services marketplace self-organizing internetworking one the founding partner organizations singularitynet the opencog foundation, creator the world's leading open source software toolkit and system for artificial general intelligence. opencog founded comprehensive mathematical and conceptual theory general intelligence [gpga] [gpgb], and implemented number reasoning, learning and understanding oriented software processes acting together common weighted, labeled hypergraph knowledge store called the atomspace opencog will used the basis for number different singularitynet agents carrying out functions such natural language processing, probabilistic logical inference, evolutionary learning and information theory based pattern mining. our work hanson robotics, our team has integrated opencog with deep neural net learning mechanisms, and trained deep neural net models for vision, audition and movement processing, using variety existing open source see http://wiki.opencog.org tools. singularitynet agents are being created expansion this work. this integration will provide exciting initial exploration complex multi agent interactions singularitynet. figure synergy opencog's symbolic and deep neural networks for visual perception (via the "synergetic generative adversarial network" synergan deep net architecture) and humanoid robot face control. this work currently being done hanson robotics, opencog foundation and novamente llc. singularitynet will scale this work and make more widely available. this illustrates the nature synergistic singularitynet, which components involving different algorithms and structures are networked together achieve desired intelligent functionalities. for some transactions singularitynet, user can simply use tokens purchase service directly from single agent the network, which fulfills the request itself. however, many services require more complex combination actions multiple agents. control hanson humanoid robots one example. requires multiple agents specialized natural language processing, motor control, speech synthesis, etc. collaborate according particular architecture. simpler example, say alice requests that singularitynet summarize website with embedded video. her request sent agent which serves referrer, sending requests summarize texts agent which specializes text summarization and video requests agent which specializes semantic analysis and summary video. agent might then pay agent some specialized natural language processing tasks alice's text (such entity extraction word sense disambiguation), essentially enlisting agent subcontractor fulfill part alice's request. the agent paid word sense disambiguation might spend some the payment receives paying another agent neural net training. the agent doing neural net training might pay another agent for access gpu server, someone's phone that sitting plugged-in and idle and running singularitynet app. out this complex, dynamic interaction numerous agents, carrying out complex services using their collective intelligence, comes singularitynetwide mind with intelligence much greater than the sum its parts. furthermore, this emergent mind will continually enhanced, developers around the world add new nodes into the dsoc, motivated contributing and profiting from singularitynet's economic activity. most cases, there will multiple agents that can fulfill request, different ways and different degrees. this makes complex networks dependency possible. network dependency among agents making offers each other exchange services for services, services for payments, known offer network. each request the network will require unique combination agents, forming dependency network uniquely suited fulfill the task. well-populated singularitynet, there will value matchmaking agents which perform this sort constraint satisfaction order assemble the team agents best able fulfill request, and receive percentage the payment for this service. there will also new nodes continually inserted into the network ais themselves. simple example, agent learns about classes images images food, images people, images cats, and using deep neural networks, and then auto-generates agent that provides face-identification services deploying neural net model that was trained this example, the child agent does not depend the parent agent apply the model new datasets; after spawned, can act independently. later on, agents will create new nodes containing new agents via more advanced forms automatic programming. figure example "circle exchange" among agents. three singularitynet agents are depicted, each one providing certain service another, and receiving service from yet another. ternary cycle such this just simple illustrative case; real singularitynet setting, the cycles and other patterns dependency between different agents will longer and more tangled. figure examples (offer, request) pairs that agents might make, offering pay for services other nodes provide them. they might pay tokens, pay kind with services. the node making the request does either because user has directly requested it, because another agent delegated the task them. mutual fulfillment these (offer, request) pairs leads the circle exchange depicted figure figure example the creation agents other agents. this case, one agent has been trained deep learning models for video processing, and creates several other agents that specialize particular kinds video processing: object recognition, face recognition, and event recognition. this kind separation between model learning and model evaluation standard contemporary deep neural net deployments. deployment robots and embedded devices many singularitynet agents will live the cloud powerful computers based offices homes; however, singularitynet agent not necessarily heavyweight, and will also quite viable and valuable place nodes various sorts small embedded devices. this opens lot possibilities internet things technology some obvious, some more creative and unexpected. embedded devices that partake singularitynet will able exchange data and services with other embedded devices containing singularitynet agents, well with singularitynet agents the cloud and elsewhere; and they will able carry out financial exchanges associated with these data and exchanges using tokens. the humanoid robots created hanson robotics co-founding organization singularitynet) will the first embedded singularitynet agents. hanson robotics' human-scale robots such sophia will supplied with on-board singularitynet agents, will some the more powerful small hanson robotics robots. combined with the unique aesthetic qualities the hanson robots, based synthesis materials science, robot engineering and narrative and visual arts [han], this will provide unprecedented level adaptive, emotionally and cognitively intelligent human-robot interaction. this will enable hanson robots, and robots from other providers well, acquire cognitive services from cloud-based singularitynet agents exchange for micropayments, and receive micropayments from other singularitynet agents exchange for data. will also enable robots carry out small economic transactions with each other based purely local network interactions where internet connectivity issue. decentralized data ownership and use today's environment, large tech companies draw outsized benefits from their ability build and hoard gigantic datasets, which are then used train very accurate machine learning models. outside these few tech giants, small, innovative companies struggle with access data, while other large organizations, even when they can gather data, lack the expertise turn the data into usable form. singularitynet allows network nodes collaborate building very large, decentralized datasets, each chipping bit data agreed-upon format. contributors can then receive payment from agents who use that data train their models. data producers can specify privacy restraints and other restrictions access and use their data. decentralizing ownership and access gigantic datasets, singularitynet takes another important step democratize access technology and its benefits. economic logic long term goals and optimization metrics for the economic logic singularitynet has three long term goals. the first goal the hub open technology. the second goal accelerate the development open ai, leading ultimately working artificial general intelligence (agi). the third goal promote projects and technologies agreed broadly beneficial nature, mankind and and agi progress. singularitynet's economic logic optimized for achieving those goals. become the hub open ai, singularitynet needs both protocol for agent coordination and open market for buying and selling services. the protocol lets agents work together, makes them interoperable. the function all markets price goods efficiently, our first objective reduce friction and costs machine machine transactions. singularitynet decentralized, open network. should not dependent any exterior economy and should not discriminate access participate. anyone will able use provide services the network. free, permissionless, and open market, and our second objective maximize open and international access world developers. second, singularitynet was born accelerate development. much ideological vision economic one. the network must both regulate behavior the network, and incentivize the creation new nodes and more processing. our third objective ensure the economic logic facilitates dramatic growth. finally, singularitynet aims provide resources projects and technologies that are democratically approved beneficial, both the present well forthcoming global economy. maximize the success singularitynet, the economic logic must optimize for all three objectives. for that reason, are introducing the agi (artificial general intelligence) token. the economic logic singularitynet revolves around this single token, which erc token, built ethereum. the agi token straightforwardly utility token with core limiting here our lawyers' extensive legal analysis the only (us restrictions tend more stringent than those other jurisdictions), agi tokens are highly unlikely satisfy the "expectation profits primarily from the efforts others" element the howey test. the well know howey test identifies four elements that must met order for instrument rise the level "investment contract." investment contract exists where there has been: investment money; common enterprise; with expectation profits; that are realized primarily from the efforts others expectations are determined examining issuer's representations potential purchasers. under howey, "an investment contract ... means contract, transaction scheme whereby person invests his money ... and led expect profits ..." howey, u.s. (emphasis added). profits are defined "income return, include, for example, dividends, other periodic payments, the increased value the investment." edwards, u.s. see also united hous. found., inc. forman, u.s. ("by profits, the court has meant either capital appreciation resulting from the development the initial investment ... participation earnings resulting from the use investors' funds ... contrast, when purchaser motivated desire use consume the item purchased the securities laws not apply"). addressing the expectation element, defined howey, requires factual inquiry into the representations the seller the purchaser. our analysis therefore looks the marketing the agi token, which makes reference, express implied, any sort return investment (either for the foundation for purchasers), via either direct payment appreciation the agi token. indeed, the foundation appears wholly disinterested "making money," and does not attempt appeal purchasers who are, focusing instead facilitating the technological revolution that its founders believe forthcoming. potential purchasers are not invited take part financial venture but social and technological one. furthermore, the platform is, essentially marketplace which the agi token one form currency (the other being service barter). strongly indicated the foundation that the agi tokens are not presented means secure future profit and that purchaser could claim have been "led expect profits." the forman analysis "profit" particularly applicable the agi token and the platform and therefore instructive our understanding the third howey factor. order assess profit, examine the structure and status the platform and the financial status the foundation. the platform indicated the technical roadmap section, proof concept the platform will functional the time the token sale event. that is, the primary funciton the platform, namely the procurement services, will place. because "additional development the initial investment" strictly necessary order for token holders realize the value their purchase, this definition profit inapplicable. (ii) the foundation not only the foundation not dependent united states-based token sale proceeds fund future development but the primary driver and creator value token holders will independent and individual contributors services, rather than capital investment the foundation. accordingly, there will "earnings resulting from the use investors' funds." recognize that, despite the intent the foundation and the marketing the platform, some purchasers may nevertheless buy agi tokens during the token sale with expectation that they will eventually increase value and yield profit via future resale. however, the mere possibility potential future profit via appreciation value not sufficient conclude that purchasers were led expect profit. additionally, any "profit driven" purchases would very likely fail satisfy the "primarily from the efforts others" prong, discussed below. primarily from the efforts others courts have determined that the fourth howey element was satisfied where "the efforts made those other than the investor are the undeniably significant ones, those essential managerial efforts which affect the failure success the enterprise." sec glenn turner enters., f.d (th cir. see also, united hous. found., inc. forman, u.s. ("it only when [an individual] relies third parties produce the profits for him that the question investment contract analysis arises."). this element will not satisfied unless the managerial efforts the seller are the primary determinant the value purchase. see noa key futures, inc. f.d ("once the purchase was made, the profits the investor depended upon the fluctuations the market, not the managerial efforts [the seller]"); see also sinva merrill lynch, supp. (s.d.n.y. ("moreover, the purchase commodities futures involves reliance upon the efforts promoters, managers, employees any third party. the mere presence speculative motive the part the purchaser seller does not evidence the existence "investment contract" within the meaning the securities acts."). when the value investment driven primarily forces other than the managerial efforts the seller, the fourth howey element will not met. order satisfy the fourth howey factor, the value the agi token would have dependent primarily the managerial efforts and decisions the foundation. believe that agi tokens will fail meet this criterion because their value will determined primarily combination the contribution independent providers services, the decisions purpose being used buy and sell transactions carried out software wrapped singularitynet agents, has mainly consumptive use. this token can acquired during the token generation event, and will also distributed after the token generation event, participants the evolving economy. the release agi tokens after the initial token issuance event will occur via schedule described below, which can modulated via democratic governance. three economic roles, three economic objectives elaborate the context and underpinnings the economic logic further, note that there are economic roles the singularitynet economy: buyers services; providers services (including those offering beneficial services); curators services. the token holders themselves, and broader market forces, rather than the conscious and deliberate efforts the foundation. independent contribution. the platform marketplace for services which can purchased with agi tokens. the value the agi tokens will therefore depend heavily the variety, quality, and availability services. the foundation conceived the platform and will continue make improvements its infrastructure, but the services themselves will developed and introduced the platform individual and independent parties without centralized oversight the fooundation. democratic governance. although token holders will not have equity voting rights the foundation itself, they will allowed vote specific decisions affecting the platform. the decisions subject holder vote will limited first, but will eventually expand point where the token holders and the foundation share nearly equal control all aspects the platform's functionality. even the platform's early stages, following the token sale, token holders will able rate the services they use, affecting the success those services and providing feedback that necessary for the service improve. this role further contributes the continued improvement the platform and its offerings, without any involvement the foundation. market forces. because the platform marketplace which the agi token currency, the value the agi token cannot separated from the forces supply and demand. supply, discussed above, will determined individual creators services, both terms initial development and introduction the service and its continued improvement response token holders' feedback. demand will depend myriad factors, including ones wholly separate from the platform and foundation. the services will include novel and previously unheard-of services that may create demand where none existed, well offer more efficient effective ways performing tasks for which non-platform market already exists. cryptographic tokens have been the subject regulatory scrutiny various regulatory authorities around the globe, but their legal nature still uncertain. the singularitynet team open fully cooperate with all the financial market authorities contacting info@singularitynet.io and provide them, upon request, the detailed legal analysis conducted. maximize network success, singularitynet economic logic must enable buying and selling processing with minimal friction market users, while making the discovery process useful possible. the economic logic optimizing for the following objectives: open, worldwide, and frictionless access; curation and discovery; good behavior and diversification. the agi token designed achieve these objectives. guarantees free and non-discriminatory access from the start, and concentrates value created the network the network. allows for inflationary incentives for curating services, and for rewarding good behaviors the network (although course, reducing friction market transactions another challenge). the need for native token the choice create native token for singularitynet transactions was not made casually. hard-coded economic logic can create immense value, but has risks. the economic logic well designed, drives rapid growth. poorly designed, may create friction the product. the conclusion our careful analysis was that only native token lets singularitynet optimize for the desired objectives. create market that makes transactions smooth, guarantees international access, and incentivizes network growth require native token and economic model optimized for market. more depth, some the underlying reasoning was follows. singularitynet requires: permissionless international payments, open the world: singularitynet opens technology and development entire world developers. ensure fair and non-discriminatory access, single token unconnected any outside economy required. any fiat currency would create barriers those who cannot use that currency, and make the singularitynet economy vulnerable manipulation the economy backing that currency. scalable transaction infrastructure, for the economy: enable economy, scalable transaction infrastructure required. current networks (bitcoin, ethereum) cannot support the transaction volume required, nor will they able multiple high transaction volume services are running those chains. while the prototype can run ethereum, eventually public chain optimized for transactions will required. network incentivization via inflationary rewards, with decentralized regulation: inflationary rewards let the network reward participation psychologically frictionless way. the only other way reward participation through taxation others, which creates immense psychological burdens for users. this creates detrimental product and weakens incentives grow the network. low transaction costs, for high volume microtransactions: singularitynet opens technologies the global market, prices will reduced competition while volume will increase the world turns towards ai. will become micro-transaction driven economy. while fiat currencies have high fixed transaction costs (for regulatory reasons), micro-transaction network makes new forms value creation possible. make such network function, transactional token tailor-made for micro-transactions required. for these reasons and more, it's clear that want optimize the economic logic, native token required. this reasoning provides valuable slant the three-fold utility the agi token: transaction mechanism agi tokens let anyone buy and sell processing power from around the world. whenever someone wants agent perform services, smart contract signed for that specific job. default, the contract will involve the exchange agi tokens for services. the network grows, also anticipate that more complex dynamics will emerge where services can exchanged for other services, along the lines the "offer networks" framework the founders have explored prior publications and prototypes [goe] [goe]. however, even these more advanced options are explored and refined, anticipate that the agi tokens will retain primary role the transactional dynamics the network. incentive and reward agi tokens are distributed rewards for contributing utility the network (by building great reputation curating agents). these agi tokens can used purchase processing. indirect governance tool agi tokens are one component deciding how the network governed decentralized way. managing volatility markets exist price goods efficiently, and intense volatility the enemy healthy market. the token not pegged any other asset, remains vulnerable volatility. high volatility poses problems for both customers and service providers with respect contracts with significant time duration. short term volatility will not encouraged under any circunstances and, case harmful volatility, could actively discouraged. the open source brokerage reduce friction, the process buying and selling agi tokens can left the market, the form centralized brokerages who make rapid buy and sell orders according the needs the customer. these entities play the roles market makers active financial markets: they can get and out positions rapidly, reducing their exposure risk volatile asset while satisfying customer needs for services. this lets corporate customers purchase agis for processing demand with almost volatility risk. support free and open market for ai, are designing smart contract dedicated buying and selling agi tokens this way. any existing brokerage exchange will able take singularitynet's open source code and spin their own agi token payment processor minutes. singularitynet will encourage the development agi brokerages and payment processes that enable rapid transactions. the precise way which these will develop, will left the open market evolves. have decided make formal arrangements with exchanges and not support otherwise facilitate any secondary trading external valuation agi tokens. major exchanges, however, could list agi tokens they list many other tokens including some utility tokens, but full independence from us. the curation market while the open source brokerages make easy set your own agi cashflow, all these solutions optimize for the pricing goods and services the network. the curation market, building prior ideas curation markets other areas [dlr], instead optimizes for two things: optimizes the discovery process for finding useful agents. nudges holders become stakers (someone who locks agi tokens increase agents' rank), thereby contributing network growth. overtime this population will grow overtake mere token holders, they will see that there agi earned. the curation market essentially discovery ranking mechanism, functioning follows: there are specific categories agents hardcoded into the early versions singularitynet. token holders can stake their tokens specific agent and specific query order increase that agents' stake-rank. both stake-rank and reputation-rank are public and control discovery ranking. proportion how much that agent's services improve its reputation, stakers that node receive agi rewards from the curation reward pool. insofar that agent fails process tasks correctly has its reputation diminished, stake confiscated and deposited into the curation reward pool. this design gives every agi token holder increased earning power. claim additional agi, they need only curate the best agents and see them adopted the market. then they will rewarded with flow new tokens for promoting the discovery high quality agents the volume processing and clients for agent grows, staking delivers diminishing returns, with the largest rewards going the earliest stakers. this incentivizes curators the hunt for new agents stake and promote. depending the price agi, this curation market could create whole cottage industry for promoting singularitynet services buyers that need them. should that happen, the decentralized curation market can effectively replace cruder indications reputation like external kyc validation. token issuance the economic logic outlined here minimum viable logic. anticipate that the singularitynet community will create and incorporate many more additions the years come, matters such reputation system and currency-less offer networks. the singularitynet genesis contract will minting total ,,, agi tokens. the singularitynet genesis contract will allocating the minted agi tokens follow: distributed participants the token sale reserved for the reward pool. distributed the founders distributed the singularitynet foundation distributed campaign supporters (i.e. bounties) agi tokens minted for allocation founders are subjected month vesting period with months vesting cliff. the reward pool will also vested and released over time rewards once the network launched. the initial default schedule for release agi tokens the reward pool will per year, beginning one year after the genesis event. the reward pool will divided among three sub-pools referred as: development reserve. %beneficial reserve. curation reserve the additional tokens from the three reward reserves will released agents participating the network progressively during years the network's operations. that is, the first the additional releases would occur exactly one year after the initial token generation event. (during the first year operation, the network will beta form and the initial agents will still building their reputations, that allocating tokens agents during this year would overly unreliable.) the initially planned release schedule, subject potential future modification via democratic governance, will follow constant rate: the total pool each reward reserve tokens will released per year, allocated each new block formation. two weeks before the completion the year network operation (i.e. years minus days after the initial token generation event), there will democratic vote among network participants whether create new reserve tokens, opt for some alternate mechanism. distribution the reputation and curation reward reserves the agi tokens released from the reputation and curation reward reserves (from jan. onwards) will distributed proportion reputation and curation stake, with minimum thresholds for both reputation and stake. distribution the beneficial reserve the additional agi tokens released from the beneficial reserve will distributed via democratic vote among network participants, restricted agents with base reputation higher but with the added restriction that only agents that are verified beneficial agents are allowed receive the tokens. also stipulated that the allocation from the benevolent reserve may allocated external human-run organizations, rather than singularitynet agents, whose operation democratically judged beneficial the network. this recognition the fact that the support beneficial services the everyday world, often requires some degree funding operations that support but are not directly themselves. economic logic and the singularitynet value proposition what will incentivize customers services use singularitynet instead some alternative? essence: superior agents the network opposed outside the network. the network will seeded with some very sophisticated agents created researchers and developers working directly for singularitynet; superior functionality achievable via the network, due superior functionality groups agents connected together via the network. "two heads are better than one"; superior discovery mechanisms within the network for finding agents offering appropriate services; easier software interfaces and ways interacting with other agents. these same factors are, large part, what will incentivize creators services use singularitynet instead offering their services some other platform, directly via their own websites apis. when creator embeds tool singularitynet, the tool itself benefits from access the network's decentralized datasets, and federation with other tools. furthermore, creator gets access the customer base singularitynet; the tool can now easily found anyone using the network's intelligent discovery mechanisms. the logic pre-allocating agi tokens founders and token sale participants merits brief elaboration. the funding provided token sale participants, and the commitment provided the founders will used improve the infrastructure singularitynet, and create new services singularitynet. portion token sale funding will given carefully selected outside developers fund development tools the network. once the network mature the value deploying tools the network will obvious developers, attracting new tools added the network. overall, most the value the network coming from the active marketplace, rather than initial token sale funding the founders' early intellectual contributions and commitment. the beneficial reward reserve and for general good the beneficial reward reserve intended have substantial impact the emergent culture singularitynet grows. this storehouse agi tokens that has been specifically earmarked for projects that support the happiness sentient beings. there has been great deal public discussion recently regarding various potential ethical implications the advent highly advanced systems. prior publications (e.g. [gpn] [goeb] [goe]), the founders singularitynet have expressed the view that the best way militate toward generally positive outcomes will encourage the application practical technologies positive causes; and ensure that ai, grows, deployed way that inclusive and supportive wide swathe humanity possible. toward this end the opencog technology that serves part the foundation the singularitynet has been applied beneficial applications such biomedical research [sgp+ [gpdsc+ [gpmc]), and the hanson robots have been used for beneficial applications such autism therapy [hdrs+ and assisting people achieve healthy states mind [gmm+ the beneficial reserve aspect singularitynet represents more ambitious and general effort this same direction. formulating system measure which projects qualify "benefit projects" will important ongoing task for the singularitynet community. formalizing ethics into form that can understood ais and robots obviously very challenging, given the messy ethical decisions that characterize the human social sphere. this challenge will become increasingly relevant singularitynet moves toward artificial general intelligence. from purely economic perspective, the beneficial reward reserver doesn't add great amount novelty the network dynamics. but terms the impact singularitynet the world, may end being one the most important design choices described here. number proposals about "social benefit coins" have been made previously (e.g. [kh]), but without close coupling specific way generating economic value, they lack sources exponential growth dynamics. singularitynet, there virtuous cycle between the beneficial reserve and overall network wealth for several reasons: the more wealth the network's overall economy, the more valuable the beneficial reserve will be; creating and executing services for tokens drawn from the beneficial reserve will drive agents new directions that they might never have pursued otherwise. this increases the diversity the network's activities, and more diverse activities tend lead broader, more general intelligence, and greater overall network value. agents receive benefit votes based their benefit ratings, described below. agents can direct these benefit votes toward other projects certify them broadly beneficial. any agent can propose "potentially beneficial" project, and the vote certifies that indeed beneficial, can then request other agents put some their benefit votes toward the project. what tasks are considered beneficial? this determined democratic process. for project certified beneficial, must receive certain number votes among benefit voters. when non-trivial plurality but not majority benefit voters consider project beneficial, certified such, and entitled its share the tokens earmarked for such projects. start the benefit activity the network appropriate direction, singularitynet will initially partner with several existing charitable organizations, pre-certifying their activities beneficial. democratic governance decentralized organization, the ongoing health and growth singularitynet will rely democratic decision making among the network participants. democratic decision making used make decisions regarding network operation, and also used make decisions regarding the allocation newly released agi tokens. reputation and stake based voting voting filtered reputation; only agents with base reputation above the base reputation threshold will counted voting. furthermore, only agents whose owners have been verified appropriate kyc procedures will permitted vote (although other agents can still participate the network via offering purchasing services). the initial default plan use standard kyc methodology, likely via partnership with external firm specializing kyc for blockchain based enterprises. before year the network's operation, this will replaced with decentralized kyc methodology, which agents are kyc'd other agents rather than any central authority. one approach here essentially "verification federation" consisting agents that are democratically approved perform kyc functions. the ultimate goal balance decentralized control and operation with protection against exploitation the democratic governance framework wealthy and powerful outside entities. the amount voting power owner verified entity that owns agent) has, regarding core network operation issues well the distribution the future development reserve, given the following formula. let stake(o) denote the total stake the owner across all their agents (i.e. their total amount agi token holdings); let stake(a) denote the stake particular agent and let rep(a) denote the base reputation the agent let ag(o) denote the set agents owned the owner finally, define here, evidently, boundary that for the function behaves logarithmically (and just arbitrary normalizing factor). then set votes log (stake(o)) ps(stake(a))(rep(a) aag(o) the combination reputation and stake this formula gives more voting power more highly rated entities, but also prevents against gaming schemes involving creation large numbers tiny agents which are highly reputed but carry out few transactions each. here, the use the logarithmic function the first term the formula means that owners with more agi token ownership get vote more, but that once the amount ownership exceeds their voting power increases according their order magnitude ownership rather than their linearly scaled amount. the second term the formula means that owners whose agents are doing useful (highly reputed) things get more voting power. the use the function intended avoid dynamic which owners are rewarded for splitting their functions among many small agents, each with tiny stake but good reputation. for stakes the size there reward for splitting agents smaller than that size. for stakes above there some reward for splitting agents smaller than that size. this analogous law that treats business below certain size differently than larger ones. the parameter could set initially equal roughly agi tokens, for example. high level, one can think this voting formula "proof contribution," rough analogy e.g. filecoin's proof storage." the democratic mechanisms the network are based liquid democracy, meaning that when agent qualified vote decision (based its agi token holdings and possibly other factors such reputation), this agent may also choose delegate some other agent its votes this decision. there may smart contracts that allocate votes some decisions some agents, based metadata attached the decisions other more complex criteria. (for example, you trust another agent its due diligence charitable projects, you may delegate your voting-power decisions about which projects are beneficial, but other projects.) the network will provide standard smart contracts automatically delegate votes, but agents will also permitted use alternative tools for this purpose they wish. major changes the network will have different thresholds for decisions compared minor changes. major changes, mean for example: changes the percentage tokens allocated described above; changes the computation base reputation; changes the quantitative parameters governing network economics; any decisions creating more tokens beyond those initially mined; key design changes like moving different blockchains and consensus algorithms. minor changes, mean things like modifications the apis and ontologies used inter-agent interactions. for decisions regarding benefit tasks, the proposed mechanism will use combination votes any reputable agents, and benefit votes. the network gives benefit votes agents proportion their benefit quality ratings. ('major changes' related benefit tasks are changes the system certifying tasks benefit tasks.) transitioning full democracy the early phases network development, the foundation will make some the governance decisions, which then will phased over purely democratic governance the network matures, with the following specifics: years and network operation (following the initial token issuance event), major changes are determined the foundation, accordance with the by-laws the foundation installed the time network inception, whereas minor changes are determined majority agi token holders. for years and for major changes the operation singularitynet: agreement the foundation, plus majority agi token holder votes. for minor changes the operation singularitynet: majority agi token votes. for major decisions related benefit tasks: agreement the foundation, plus agi token votes, plus benefit votes are required. from year onward, for major changes the operation singularitynet: supermajority agi token votes. for minor changes the operation singularitynet: majority agi token votes. for major decisions related benefit tasks: agi token votes, plus benefit votes are required. decisions regarding benefit tasks specific set democratic mechanisms used decide which tasks, carried out which agents, are entitled benefit tokens. gradual transition from foundation control democratic control will implemented here with the case more generic decision-making. introduce the role benefit deciders, which will agents authorized the network decide whether specific tasks fulfill the criteria needed quality benefit token recipients. propose that: each agent gets certain amount "benefit votes" cast each month, based its benefit rating; benefit tasks are given categories. order for category open for benefit deciders consider potential benefit task, must nominated plurality benefit votes cast during certain month. web-based tools may created facilitate the suggestion new tasks and solicit votes, and allow these votes easily cast. once permitted benefit decider validates certain task category potential benefit task, then the community votes whether this task type should ratified benefit task. voting power this proportional benefit rating. votes approve then the task type becomes benefit task. once benefit task approved, any agent capable executing the services needed the task specification and possessing with sufficiently high quality rating and benefit rating may receive benefit payment for carrying out tasks this type. research improving the theory benefit will initially (and presumably ongoingly) rated type benefit task, incent the distributed community contribute this type r&d. software architecture singularitynet peer-to-peer network, where the nodes are called agents. this architecture keeps the technology separate from the smart contracts and from each other, and makes easy possible add new services the network. the diagram below provides high-level overview the architecture. figure high-level architecture diagram agents are the software processes that run nodes along with the appropriate blockchain client (and the front-end that technology, the case where its deployment requires sizable computing cluster). there blockchain-facing api link the agent the blockchain, and ai-facing api make interoperable with other agents the network. joining singularitynet requires minimal work; developers just need implement these apis. standard implementations will provided for many popular technologies and frameworks, well detailed documentation and tutorials for researchers and companies interested launching their existing software onto singularitynet, developing new technology used with singularitynet. agents and the network the agent design includes adapter for the blockchain-facing aspects. this allows make the implementation blockchain-agnostic, making easy switch from ethereum another blockchain. the initial implementation singularitynet based ethereum, but that should change the future. the blockchain api enables the agent join network, leave network, advertise its services, look for service providers, and negotiate partnerships and one-time job offers. (even agent doesn't quit network using the adapter, the network will automatically consider gone doesn't hear from for certain length time.) when the agent first joins the network, will communicate with one more root nodes (by default dns entries are used provide the agent with root node addresses), obtain list peers, and copy the blockchain. will also deploy smart contract for the agent, which includes its public key, account for tokens and description its capabilities. there will standard services ontology, which kept its own smart contract and updated democratically every now and then. another smart contract, called the registrar, stores all ads services available the network. agents can use the registrar look service providers, and validate that they're still online and able perform their offered services. the registrar then refers the agent the services ontology, which contains more detailed information the service offered, specifying which ways they can communicate fetch data, upload results, etc. discussed above, some agents will provide services clients, and also act clients other agents. when such agents join the network, they will search for suitable service providers browsing their advertisements. the dynamics providing services agent responsible for advertising its services, including description how will charge clients, how can accept data (file format, storage locations, protocols, etc.) and how will provide results. should also make best effort keep the network informed whether can currently perform any its services. any given moment, the agent may may not able actually execute service. may out computing storage resources (although the near future these can purchased demand from the network), may unable connect particular resource needs, may need another agent provide specific sub-service (the details multi-agent collaboration are discussed next). any job offer begins with price proposal and query for readiness. the agent may agree the pricing proposal make counter-offer. the agent chose state price its advertisement, will expected honor it. the job offer may also include negotiation about the preferred mechanics passing data around. once offer agreed upon, will added the blockchain contract, and linked escrow account (with optional agent being named arbitrate conflicts). once the job finished, and the client has obtained the results, the escrow account will forward the funds the agent that performed the service. after each job completed, the client also allowed rate the provider. aggregated ratings are public and stored the agent smart contract they can queried prospective clients and partners. the network protocols are independent particular choices for storage, and it's the participants agree the storage solution. this allows the marketplace support established cloud-based solutions like amazon's well emerging decentralized ones like bigchaindb, ocean, filecoin, sia, storj, etc. multi-agent collaboration anticipate that over time singularitynet will encourage more and more complex interactions between agents, who will subcontract pieces their services other agents. agent may benefit from hiring other agents for hardware (gpus for machine learning training), data (linking specific datasets with pre-processed background databases), well services (so document summarizer can summarize both text and video, relying different specialist agents for each kind media, or, contracting translation ai, can offer summaries multiple languages). when agent offers particular service, needs partners for subtasks related that service, will search the existing advertisements and select potential partners. the reference implementation this probabilistic selection based rating, but agents are free override this logic. can't find the partners needs carry out the service, can't accept job offers for that service. agent can then enter specific relationships with these partners, they agree economic terms. the relationship can last long both parties agree, and can very flexible. two agents may form exclusive partnership for given service, the purchasing agent may switch between pre-approved providers for each new job, using the provider ratings guide its choices. each agent manages its own provider relationships, the network allows very complex economies emerge. however, from the point view the user, all this happens under the hood; gives his task the network, and receives completed work, never having interact with the sub-contractors. the agent api only requires the agent ensure has approved relationships with the providers needs carry out its task. party agreement can revoke their partnership any time, perhaps because the provider has accumulated prestigious reputation and wants raise prices, because the contracting agent wants explore newly integrated providers. the contracting agent then needs find one more new partners order able sell its service again. these agent-to-agent relationships are implemented bidirectional channels, inspired the lightning network protocol. this means the complexity agent subcontracting economics doesn't place burden the blockchain limit the network's scalability. wrapping code agents wrapping existing code singularitynet agent node straightforward. use configuration files specify key aspects the code being integrated, such as: the list services being provided, which are described references nodes the shared ontology; specifications about how the agent should fetch data and push results; list services required for each service being provided, any. the api for communicating with the very simple, the agent not concerned with the details how the works, and the service provider not concerned with the details the blockchain, nor with the business logic. the agent can confirm that the able execute new job given kind, and can trigger that execution. this done through asynchronous co-routine, the agent can receive status updates and results via callbacks. the api also allows the code trigger sub-tasks, going through the agent for this. the python implementation, existing code can wrapped three ways. the simplest one for code that has python apis and wrappers, such many current scientific computing and neural net frameworks implement single python module that provides the api methods. alternative method implement those methods service which accessed through json-rpc. this case the process can running the same machine can accessed remotely. finally, one may want implement python client that communicates with server using server/technology specific protocol. this how are wrapping opencog, via its own cogserver and scheme bindings. current and future versions the initial, reference implementation singularitynet agents being written python. documentation, tutorials, and docker containers can found the project's repository https://github.com/opencog/singnet. will followed reference implementation embedded robots, and another c++, for higher performance and deeper opencog integration. the public api allows anyone code alternative implementations other programming languages, and hope healthy ecosystem such implementations will emerge, has been the case for other popular decentralized technologies such ethereum. also plan create advanced version the agent code which embeds opencog instance with its own small atomspace, where details the shared ontology, other agents' offers and ratings, organizations, job offers, and other contracts are represented. this allows opencog reason about contracts, offers and other agents and make intelligent decisions about organization management, pricing, etc. this version will extension the c++ reference implementation. currently, users interface with agents via web interface that are developing. this interface also allows users visualize the singularitynet network, displaying information about which agents are online, which services are provided, pricing dynamics, network activity, and forth. once the opencog-powered agents are implemented, users will also able interface with agents via natural language conversation, leveraging opencog's dialogue management system, which will tuned and extended for the singularitynet context. high-level roadmap the creation detailed technical business roadmap for the first years singularitynet implementation will substantial task; the singularitynet team currently working this, along with engineering the alpha version the singularitynet platform and engaging detailed discussions with future users and agent providers about the most important requirements. what follows rough sketch indicating some the key points involved. covered more depth; and the years are more roughly sketched. business roadmap: overview the core business model the singularitynet foundation serve platform for the market activities creators and users agents. toward this end, not the business the foundation heavily control which business niches the community agents the network chooses focus on. however, the first few years the network's operation, while the foundation playing strong guiding role, will appropriate for the foundation differentially focus its development initiatives particular market areas, with the goal ensuring that singularitynet reaches rapid adoption critical vertical areas. accordingly, the current plan focus foundation development follows. efforts will focus infrastructure development and tool prototyping, particularly tools pertinent language processing, biomedical analytics, image processing, finance and robot dialogue. this fairly wide scope, aimed exciting developers multiple domains. then for the infrastructure development will focus largely scalability various regards (e.g. massive distribution the blockchain mechanisms and core algorithms, extension internet-of-things), and the foundation's development will encompass three vertical areas: social and emotional robotics will create tools enabling singularitynet used generically for affective robots the home, office, school, nursing home and hospital etc. will leverage the close relationship singularitynet with hanson robotics, and also reach out variety other robotics firms. here the focus creating decentralized "ai mind cloud" from which numerous robots can draw intelligence, which they can contribute knowledge, and which they can use communicate. biomedical analytics core functionality here can serve the basis many valuable benefit projects. will focus enabling the easy application diverse tools massive number interrelated datasets stored the cloud. homomorphic encryption will valuable here for ensuring confidentiality aspects datasets when needed. numerous clinical and biological research applications have need massive cross-dataset analysis, and there lack publicly available, flexibly configurable tools that provide this. cybersecurity this area which singularitynet itself will have acute needs, will other blockchain-based projects which will natural customers for singularitynet. machine learning can used identify patterns prior attacks better predict and identify new ones; and the rapid development the world cyberattacks lends itself very naturally decentralized collaborative platform. course spheres rapidly changing and blockchain critical adaptive, and possible the foundation will end shifting foci based data not available now, based strong requests from network participants. technical roadmap: overview now outline the technology developments that plan undertake accordance with the above foci. alpha version: december during the second half the singularitynet agent framework has been designed detail, and first working implementation has been created. few example tools have been integrated into the framework, mainly gain understanding how this integration works practice and thus refine the api. the blockchain portion the code developed this stage uses the ethereum blockchain, due its stable functionality and its ease for rapid development. infrastructure development reference agent implementation python with apis for interaction with blockchain, other agents and integration via python modules json-rpc. initial set service-related smart contracts, covering agents, specific job spec and payment, ontology and advertisement registry, implemented solidity. erc- smart contracts for tokens and economic logic. example and tutorials for code integration. development proof-of-concept deep neural net based image labeling agent. proof-of-concept deep neural net based facial emotion recognition agent. benefit agents benefit agent opencog's moses evolutionary learning tool applied longevity gene expression data, publicly posting results. beta version: july during the first half the infrastructure will more fully developed, and the subtler aspects the infrastructure will designed detail and tested prototypes and simulations. regarding artificial intelligence, state-of-the-art functionality for image processing and english natural language processing tasks will developed, including working examples which agents outsource work other agents. the first serious work benefit agents will launched, involving for analysis disease data humans (based variety genomic and clinical data types), and for analysis disease plants based images leaves. infrastructure development implementing array smart contracts covering the standard interactions between agents and external customers, and among agents, with models such subscriptions and more flexible pricing. required the economic logic. initial implementation reputation system. liquid democracy extension governance model. offer network design and prototype. reference implementation agents for embedding, tested raspberry and hanson robotics' (open source software and hardware) "dr. roboto" robot. graphical user interface for visualizing the state singularitynet. development complete versions proof-of-concept agents implemented during the alpha. opencog natural language understanding agent, mapping english language into semantic and logical relationships. opencog supervised text classification agent, taking training data comprising texts associated with multiple categories, and learning models able place new texts into these categories. deep neural net based agent that creates other agents learning new deep neural net models. initial use cases will focus recognizing faces, facial emotions and objects images. prototype agent wrapping neural net functionality from brica framework, from japan whole brain initiative. design for initial agents assisting with cybersecurity functionality using machine learning. prototype dr. roboto robot, controlled singularitynet benefit agents expansion benefit agent extension the moses-based analytics agents multiple biological data types, including snp data, metabolomic data, epigenomic data, and clinical medicine data. benefit agent deep neural net model that identifies diseases pictures agricultural plant leaves. release december the end will have complete functional version the singularitynet infrastructure along the lines described this whitepaper. the side, will port the opencog-based dialogue system currently under development the opencog foundation and hanson robotics into the singularitynet, allowing flexibly configurable and context-aware natural language dialogue via singularitynet agents. this functionality will deliverable via chatbot type interfaces, and also will integrated into the functionality the hanson robotics dr. roboto robot, open source hardware product that will the first commercially available robot run singularitynet. furthermore, this singularitynet-based natural language framework will used control the hanson robot sophia and other human-scale hanson robots, for general embodied conversational behavior, and also for the purpose allowing sophia benefit from the increasing intelligence available the singularitynet. this integration will also let extend the "loving ai" experiments carried out fall which the sophia robot was used meditation, wellness and consciousness expansion assistant. "loving ai" will running singularitynet and deriving increased intelligence thereby. this will enable cognitive synergy, one the key benefits singularitynet's diversity agents. will also work number subsystems that achieve best-in-theworld functionality via integration different algorithms living different agents and outsourcing work each other, including semantic computer vision (combining neural net agents with symbolic probabilistic modeling agents) and automated language learning (combining neural net agents for disambiguation and part speech learning, with symbolic methods for information theory based parsing). the r&d these tools goes well, then this stage singularitynet will provide functions that are not available elsewhere, i.e. interpretation the semantics images, and the ability learn grammars from unlabeled corpora. the other hand, even research these tools goes more slowly, will still have quite sophisticated examples how interconnect different algorithms using the singularitynet mechanisms, which will provide guideline for other developers follow. the previously developed benefit agents handling plant and human disease will extended further, and additional benefit agent wrapping and extending existing code that carries out design novel molecules using combination multiple algorithms will implemented. this time the benefit agents will carrying out their functionality via combining multiple agents, exemplifying the beneficial application cognitive synergy. infrastructure development offer network fully supported smart contract layer and agent implementations. prototype opencog-based matchmaking agents for offer networks. reference implementation agents c++ embedding opencog's atomspace and pln reasoning engine, enabling richer interaction with clients and intelligent contract negotiations with other agents. implementation nem-like "proof importance" consensus mechanism porting the singularitynet framework suitably high speed, low cost blockchain infrastructure. this may require alternative implementations smart contracts, gravity and/or some other framework. proof concept integration homomorphic encryption option for secure data sharing between agents. robust interaction between agents and data storage services (e.g. ocean, and others needed). development opencog dialogue agent, enabling intelligent natural language conversation (initially english) with understanding context and ability incorporate related nonlinguistic information e.g. image and video analysis results. "loving ai" framework for empathic robot and avatar control, leveraging opencog dialogue agents, implemented and connected hanson robotics' sophia. deep neural net based agents for handling video analytics (incorporating and extending image analytics). proof concept agents hybridizing deep neural nets with opencogbased probabilistic inference for semantic image understanding. proof concept agents hybridizing neural nets (e.g. adagram) with opencog based probabilistic inference, for grammar learning. fully functional brica agent system, including wrapping additional neural net modules (from other open source projects) and opencog functionality brica framework. collection agents providing access reference databases and ontologies. agent assisting with cybersecurity functionality using machine learning. benefit agents expansion benefit agent include use opencog's pln logic engine generalize models learned applying moses biological data. expansion benefit agent handle additional plant diseases. benefit agent clasp framework for nanotech simulation, leveraging the software tools from christian schafmeister's lab temple university. benefit agent ai-based pattern recognition eeg data. the primary engineering focus will achieving high scalability the network. the highest level, this involves two key aspects: scalable infrastructure, that all the network's mechanisms can function adequately even the face millions agents and billions users, with particular focus cloud robotics for millions consumer robots. scalable ai, including distributed opencog processing, which opencog agents can exchange knowledge and outsource processing each other freely, acting unified system. tools and documentation enable service providers scale their own offerings more easily according well-known architecture patterns for tasks such distributed evolutionary learning, distributed neural net training, and forth. while the deployment those distributed tools isn't part singularitynet's platform proper, reducing the barriers high performance functionality key marketplace growth. will also learning great deal about the economic logic and dynamics singularitynet this stage, and will doubtless making numerous improvements and extensions what was initially implemented. the side, anticipate that agents created developers around the world not involved with the singularitynet foundation will contributing the bulk the agents. however, will also work creating solid examples massively scalable, multi-ai-paradigm functionalities within the network, for instance: extending the semantic vision agent federations built work massively distributed way, and hence handle identification the semantics videos well images. extending the language learning agent federations built work massively distributed way, and hence study more massive (e.g. potentially web-scale) corpora text part their learning. extending the biomedical analytics "benefit node" work done enable massively distributed analysis large corpora biomedical datasets. distributed-ai based cybersecurity-assistant toolkit. these initiatives will provide working examples the use singularitynet for large-scale video, text and data analytics respectively. will also potentially work extending the semantic vision agent federation audition, particular human speech generation and potentially speech-to-text well. however, how much work foundation-funded developers put this area, will depend how much work this area being contributed other developers. the important thing have this functionality the network, whether via foundation effort general developer community effort. anticipated that this stage, the development new benefit agents will largely taken over the decentralized community; but the foundation will improve the previously-created benefit agents needed, and potentially introduce new ones meet newly understood needs the community judges appropriate. the infrastructure side, anticipate that the task engineering highly robust, massively scalable singularitynet will still underway this ongoing pursuit, not something that will finished one year. also will add more focus this point embedded devices, either via tight integration with iota some other internet-of-thing-focused blockchain infrastructure, via extending our own infrastructure more thoroughly that direction. will construct prototypes "smart homes" which numerous smart devices work together using singulariynet. the side, will focus integration the distributed agent federations built semantic vision and audition federation, interacting with semantic language understanding and biomedical and security analytics federations, have strong potential result integrated agent network that can understand language the context visual, auditory, biomedical, and cybersecurity data. this point are creating decentralized, self-organizing, massively distributed networks type never explored before, and the particulars from perspective are challenging plan out detail this stage. integration language, perception and biomedical data analysis, with massive data collection via internet-of-things, will create unprecedentedly powerful computing fabric. this point the foundation will focus its own efforts making the tools and infrastructure more powerful and scalable, and more capable supporting general intelligence, rather than specific applications; the creation specific applications using the singularitynet functionality will best carried out market participants. conclusion singularitynet complex framework attempting confront three complex and critically important goals concurrently creating the world's best marketplace for services aimed every vertical market including software, robotics and iot and other hardware via leveraging decentralized and open mechanisms support contributions from the broadest possible variety contributors, and support utilization the broadest possible variety users creating breeding-ground for the evolution and emergence agi that is, framework which various agents, carrying out operations varying levels general intelligence, can network and combine together create increasing levels synergetic general intelligence working toward the common good for all humans and other sentiences, via fostering open and inclusive economy and culture, and via dedicating percentage resources the network toward the application for beneficial tasks that promote general human well-being and the emergence compassionate and helpful these goals are not independent and the singularitynet design pursues them intertwined way, that progress toward any the goals assists with progress toward all them. none these are simple matters, and nor are the underlying and blockchain technologies our disposal especially simple; and the design that have outlined here characterized complexity numerous sorts. however, the complexity mitigated modularization and multi-layered design, which make implementation and maintenance feasible spite the various subtleties and the multitude algorithmic and architectural demands. the realization the singularitynet vision will require not only effective technical execution, but the concurrent and coupled growth large user community and large developer community. network effects both these sides have the potential rapidly propel the singularitynet leading role the international scene and potentially the world economy whole. further, the way the design fosters emergence "the whole greater than the sum the parts" intelligence from the interaction multiple agents, provides new level network effect beyond what exists with current social networks, internet information retrieval systems, etc. but realizing these network effects will require effective execution the business side well the technology sphere. singularitynet possesses tremendous potential from the commercial, humanitarian and agi perspectives alike, but have fair chunk work cut out for here. defense against common attacks actors with intentions destructive toward the network could attempt cause harm via great variety mechanisms some more technical and some less so. this appendix discuss some these possibilities and sketch some general approaches toward dealing with them. pretense completeness made, the topic large one. wealth attacks potentially, entity with great amount material wealth could attempt buy their way into control the network. avoidance this type scenario one reason why the democratic governance the network heavily based reputation rather than only stake. getting good reputation the network takes some time, even for entity with great deal wealth. during the time took entity with destructive ends gradually transform its wealth into reputation, others involved with the network might notice this, and explicitly thwart its attempt boost its reputation. additionally, stake subject vesting. reputation gaming the singularitynet reputation system will carefully designed and tested simulation models; however, inevitable that individuals and organizations will attempt game the reputation system using both simple and sophisticated methods. there will unavoidable cat-and-mouse game involving ongoing improvements the reputation assessment and management framework, response various gaming type behaviors. important technique used avoid reputation gaming recursion the reputation system: ratings highly-rated raters, are counted more than ratings poorly-rated raters. this recursion will used together with complex rating structures, that e.g. agent can rated more highly classifying biology data than classifying chemistry data; or, agent can rated more highly rating quantitative data analysis agents than rating text analysis agents. correctly used, this sort framework involving multi-aspect multi-level ratings can much more difficult game than straightforward one-level rating system that simply provides single ratings each agent. however, due the complexity, there obvious and probably necessary role for here validating that the rating system dynamics are working effectively and ongoingly searching for rating system fraud. for instance, one way that rating systems can abused upvoting rings 'brigades', which groups agents engage frequent tiny contracts, with the goal inflating each other's reputation. various mechanisms can used explicitly make this difficult: curators are rewarded for predicting another agent's future rating, via the curation market. agent obtains artificially inflated rating, then the network should reward the first curators that see through the ruse and penalize it. the same mechanism allows for up-and-coming agents more rapidly acquire good reputation it's well deserved. consecutive ratings from the same source are heavily discounted, whereas ratings from wide variety sources are considered more reliable. agent interactions can clustered, voting rings are easily determined, and ratings from within the same cluster are discounted just ratings from the same source. the singularitynet allows agents spawn new agents, we'd group all these children agents with their parent for the purposes rewarding (and, course, newly created agents have unvested, unaged tokens). various bad actors seek circumvent mechanisms like this, their particulars will need made more and more intelligent. technical attacks variety common technical attacks might attempted against singularitynet; the list ever increasing, but here review few the more common sorts attacks and how they can effectively dealt with the singularitynet framework. one general approach toward disrupting network like singularitynet sybil attack, which attacker creates set fake nodes, has them all create fake chain, tries push this fake blockchain all nodes and who connecting the network has way knowing which chain genuine. carry this out, proof stake framework, the fake nodes must pretend they have some stake even they don't. achieve this, there exist multiple variations nothing stake weaknesses that attackers can exploit, e.g. selfish nodes have incentive double-mine multiple forks. stakeholders have incentive sell old, unused keys they have nothing lose attacker can rent short the existing coins without risk (no hashing power pow where electricity cost the collateral spent miners) all three scenarios make easier and less costly double-spend disrupt the currency, that attacker doesn't need have the stake order carry out his plot. now consider the three options their particulars. selfish nodes double-mining can occur two different forms: actual double-mining where the node creating and broadcasting separate blocks two more chain forks. probabilistic double-mining where the node tries mine top every chain fork aware of, but only broadcasts one single block. pos coins often foresee block selection rule that decides which fork mint both have the same length. according the protocol, you would only mint top the fork that you received first. but you have the incentive modify your client that you will try mint both maximize your chances finding valid block. punitive schemes such slasher propose requiring minters make deposit that destroyed minter caught double-minting later on. other minters can prove the fact making evidence transaction. the probabilistic mining strategy can avoided the next minter decided before fork starts. that end, one can have protocol which it's not the current block that determines the next miner, but older block down the chain k). this way you either have the opportunity mint both neither fork (provided that the fork not longer than blocks). sale un-used keys it's difficult for attacker rewrite the history needs (virtual) time catch with the network. addition, double spend attacks where the attacker using stake that actually owns (say all staked coins), the rest the network with which competes owns the remaining however, when using old private keys the staked coins, the attacker competing against not the staked coins but against them, because the attacker's old coins are now owned new parties who mine the main chain.attempting rewrite history over long range makes things much harder. for example, attacker controlling private keys over the coins days the past would have roughly chance ever catching with the network. able rewrite history over significant period time few days more), the attacker actually needs own old private keys giving control over more coins than are currently staking the main chain. attack proof stake using coin age, the attacker would need age-weighted tokens, not just the token supply. the attacker may have the token supply, but the remaining participants have sufficiently higher coin age, the pos consensus will resist the attack. also the second attacker starts staking, their coin age starts dropping, even they start with the coin age, once they mine they'll down and that the end the attack. overall, appears that attacks the types and can successfully prevented incorporating appropriate incentive/disincentive mechanisms into the protocol low level, whereas attack vector can prevented mixing coin age mechanism, velocity (number transactions the network) and importance (age minted chain). benefit rewards attack penalty part all block creation rewards singularitynet will beneficial agents and democratically approved external projects. this means block miners never get all the rewards from block, which acts penalty attackers, making singularitynet's blockchain and tokens less attractive target. references [bro] damien broderick. the spike. tor books, [cb] john clippinger and david bollier. from bitcoin burning man and beyond. off the common books, [dlr] simone rouviere. introducing curation markets. medium, https://medium.com/@simondlr/ introducing-curation-markets-trade-popularity-ofmemes-information-with-code-bffed. [doc] cory doctorow. down and out the magic kingdom. macmillan, [ggg] ben goertzel, ted goertzel, and zarathustra goertzel. the global brain and the emerging economy abundance: mutualism, open collaboration, exchange networks and the automated commons. technological forecasting and social change, pp. -., http://goertzel.org/opencollaboration.pdf. [gmm+ ben goertzel, julia mossbridge, eddie monroe, david hanson, and gino yu. humanoid robots agents human consciousness expansion. https://arxiv.org/abs/.. [goe] ben goertzel. human-level artificial general intelligence and the possibility technological singularity: reaction ray kurzweil's the singularity near, and mcdermott's critique kurzweil. artificial intelligence, ():-, [goe] ben goertzel. beyond money. magazine, http:// hplusmagazine.com////beyond-money/. [goe] ben goertzel. superintelligence: fears, promises and potentials. journal evolution and technology, ():-, [goea] ben goertzel. the agi revolution. humanity+ press, [goeb] ben goertzel. infusing advanced agis with human-like value systems: two theses. journal evolution technology, (), [goe] zarathustra goertzel. offer networks simulation and dynamics. thesis, university copenhagen, computer science dept., https://github.com/zariuq/offer-network-thesis. [gpdsc+ benjamin goertzel, cassio pennachin, lucio souza coelho, brian gurbaxani, elizabeth maloney, and james jones. combinations single nucleotide polymorphisms neuroendocrine effector and receptor genes predict chronic fatigue syndrome. [gpga] ben goertzel, cassio pennachin, and nil geisweiller. engineering general intelligence, part path advanced agi via embodied learning and cognitive synergy. springer: atlantis thinking machines, [gpgb] ben goertzel, cassio pennachin, and nil geisweiller. engineering general intelligence, part the cogprime architecture for integrative, embodied agi. springer: atlantis thinking machines, [gpmc] ben goertzel, cassio pennachin, mauricio alvarenga mudado, and lucio souza coelho. identifying the genes and genetic interrelationships underlying the impact calorie restriction maximum lifespan: artificial intelligence-based approach. rejuvenation research, ():-, [gpn] ben goertzel, joel pitt, and llc novamente. nine ways bias open-source agi toward friendliness. nine, [han] david hanson. humanizing computer interfaces with humanlike appearance and capabilities. phd dissertation, texas dallas, [hdrs+ david hanson, danilo rossi, matt stevenson, arti ahluwalia, carolyn garver, kellie reynolds, and daniele mazzei. realistic humanlike robots for treatment asd, social training, and research; shown appeal youths with asd, cause physiological arousal, and increase human-to-human social engagement. petra https://robotsautism.com/wp-content/uploads/ petra realistic-humanlike-robots-for-asd .pdf. [hey] heylighen. the global superorganism: evolutionarycybernetic model the emerging network society. social evolution and history [kh] kaj-kolja kleinberg and dirk helbing. "social bitcoin" could sustain democratic digital world.. https://arxiv.org/ abs/.. [kur] ray kurzweil. the singularity near. [sgp+ rafal smigrodzki, ben goertzel, cassio pennachin, lucio coelho, francisco prosdocimi, and davis parker. genetic algorithm for analysis mutations parkinson's disease. artificial intelligence medicine, ():-, [vin] vernor vinge. the coming technological singularity. whole earth review, :-, [wv] david weaver weinbaum and viktoras veitas. open-ended intelligence. international conference artificial general intelligence, pages springer, https://arxiv.org/abs/