finney(tm) secure open source consumer electronics for the blockchain era white paper prepared by: sirin labs team disclaimer: this white paper represents work progress and illustrates the intent sirin labs develop, launch and market certain products. the implementations these products are built new technologies, and expected that significant changes will continually required meet the evolving requirements the market's and customer's demands. content overview background about sirin labs past, present, future our vision problem domain securing the blockchain ecosystem using cryptocurrencies not trivial monetization secured and trusted sharing resources need for fair, decentralized app-store product state-of-the art, secure blockchain smart devices solarin (tm) smartphone secure calls and massages app services finney(tm) smartphone finney(tm) sirin os(tm) blockshield(tm) built-in hardware "cold storage" crypto wallet cyber protection fee-less distributed ledger consensus mechanism decentralized app-store (d-app) peer-to-peer resource-sharing market module sdk for distributed applications development sirin labs secure blockchain technology overview and requirements security requirements blockchain requirements hardware adaptation requirements sirin labs crowdsale whitepaper resource sharing requirements development methodology hardware designs and abstraction workflows architecture system services and core libraries dlc: decentralized ledger component wallet interface service drsm: decentralized resource sharing manager blockshield(tm) application layer layer hardware layer: trustcore(tm) (optional for oems*) marketing plan general market data security the blockchain era target audiences (sirin os(tm) featured products) the sirin labs brand go-to-market (general) sales business development token system crowdsale details the sirin labs token (srn) purpose and usage the srn token usage right after crowd-sale event ends upon releasing finney blockchain buying solarin products and services using srn use proceeds token issuance roadmap sustainable economy outlook for sirin ostm appendix sirin labs crowdsale whitepaper risk disclosure statement bancor token platform references abbreviations sirin labs crowdsale whitepaper overview sirin labs the developer solarin, ultra-secure mobile phone holding crowdsale event sirin labs tokens (srn tokens). funds raised will support the development finney(tm), the first open source blockchain smartphone and all-in-one pc. alongside the support the solarin mobile phone. customers will able purchase all sirin labs products (solarin and finney(tm)) and services with srn tokens. the current generation smart devices compromises user security. the focus overwhelmingly user experience, huge cost fraud and cybercrime. believe the digital economy the future cannot tolerate this trade-off: device architecture demands paradigm shift that enables true security, while maintaining excellent user experience. finney(tm) devices are the first cyber-protected, blockchain-enabled mobile phone and pc. they enjoy the functionality android(tm) os, plus suite cyber security technologies, giving users safe, reliable access the blockchain. finney(tm) devices form independent blockchain network, distributed ledger both scalable and lightweight, powered iota's tangle technology and sirin labs' security ecosystem. finney(tm) free from centralized backbones and mining centers, capable providing fast, fee-less and secure transactions. finney(tm) devices will run sirin labs' open-source operating system, sirin os(tm). this designed support inherent blockchain applications, such cold storage crypto wallet, secure exchange access, encrypted communications and resource sharing ecosystem for payment (not means srn tokens)the srn the exclusive way acquire sirin labs full line products and services. sirin labs will partner with consumer electronics oems promote the adoption finney(tm) architecture and sirin os(tm). both will released under open source licenses. sirin labs crowdsale whitepaper background about sirin labs past, present, future sirin labs was founded with the mission develop the world's most secure phone. solarin our flagship product was launched may high acclaim, after intensive research and development process. solarin incorporates state-of-the-art hardware and software security technology, cyber protection, and includes private zone for encrypted calling and messaging. sirin labs, innovative technologies meet impeccable design and uncompromising quality. our passion for excellence drives create the world's foremost technologies. pioneering design and immaculate service, enables sirin labs deliver high-end, exclusive products consumers worldwide. solarin was launched may making splash global media and until today still considered the world's secure phone the world. solarin sold via our london store burton place, and leading sales harrods luxury technology department. since solarin was launched learned have incredible professional team and useful assets: know how creating hardware, for the most secure and services there "tectonic shift" the world digital economies and blockchain technologies there immediate and growing community that believes blockchain based products and services and with real need for privacy and cyber protection these insights were melded into new device family: finney(tm). naming homage bitcoin pioneer, hal finney, who passed away https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hal_finney_(computer_scientist) solarin ultra secured high-end smart phone our vision sirin labs' vision become the world's leader secure open source consumer electronics, bridging the gap between the mass market and the blockchain economy. sirin labs crowdsale whitepaper problem domain plan solve these main challenges: securing the blockchain ecosystem smartphones and pcs were never designed with security privacy major factor, though these are essential ensure the trust the blockchain network. technologies such cryptocurrency mining, trading, and online payments become available for these devices, they turn into even more valuable targets for malicious actors. many apps that download, harvest data asking for more permission types than are really needed (for example, flashlight apps that need access your contacts) and jeopardize our privacy. nowadays, smartphones are just vulnerable hackers and malware pcs but are even harder protect. another problem with modern smartphones that they have many capabilities. thanks hypercompetitive marketplace, there constant race add more and more features. this has two implications: security often lags behind, and the potential attack surface enormous. relatively easy for determined attacker hack device, access and obtain data. there have been several attempts tighten smartphone security like the introduction end-to-end encryption some widely-used messaging apps such whatsapp and wechat. but unfortunately, this not enough. while app may secure, this does not help you have already been tricked into downloading piece malware that sends screen captures your messages records your calls. prevent such attacks, smartphones must secured not only against external intrusions, but also the hardware low-level the phone itself. this can only done through tightening the operating system itself, which means that phone must developed its entirety, the necessary level protection cannot achieved through app development alone. these considerations have forced manufacturers secure mobile phones develop phones, which are both expensive produce and provide limited usability favor security, and therefore leave room for advanced features. plan tackle and solve these security and privacy challenges while maintaining full uncompromised usability. using cryptocurrencies not trivial major barrier mass-market adoption cryptocurrencies the technical complexity their use. while the actual sending funds simple any other means payment, applying reasonable protection one's wallet from being lost stolen very complicated. with operating system designed inherently secure, combined with hardware that can essentially implement cold storage wallet, software can automatically provide the best practice handling cryptocurrencies: store keys the cold storage wallet; separate frequently-used wallets from rarely-used ones; direct the user delegate recovery tools when their wallets accrue high balances, etc. monetization secured and trusted sharing resources the spread stationary and mobile consumer electronics during the century smartphone, laptop, tablet, pc, etc.- places wide range both opportunities and hazards. sirin labs crowdsale whitepaper the one hand, each person owns various types digital resources, such data connectivity, energy, computational power, environmental information, embedded his private consumer electronics device's software and hardware. some these resources are available one person and short supply the others. the other hand, there widespread technology that enables resource sharing such needed means, pro bono for profit, and even such technology existed, the current day-to-day cyber-attacks, threats, and the limited trust between persons, acquaintances and strangers, would prevent such resource sharing. imagine tourist businessman, landing san-francisco, while his smartphone has almost battery power and his roaming data plan doesn't work properly. stranger nearby might give him percent battery power and provide him with access his local mobile data plan. this resource sharing exchange would take place while maintaining three key qualities: trust the two strangers can totally trust each other for sharing the agreed upon resources and fee security the resource sharing conducted between ultra-secured cyber protection devices, that prevents aimed deceive cyber-attacks between the devices, and without compromising the security the parties and the resources, while conducting the mobile data tethering process monetization support the future, sirin labs intends supporting the monetization each resource owner, allowing him her gain micro payment fees for his her contribution (not means srn tokens), based the trust the blockchain infrastructure (see section sirin labs's ecosystem and sirin os(tm), its products deliversand services deliver the opportunity execute widespread, trusted and cyber protected, peer-to-peer resource sharing, from one consumer electronic device others. this ecosystem gives the community blockchainblockchain developers the opportunity create diverse domain trusted and secured resource sharing applications and services, per micro payment, (not means srn tokens), for example: resources data connectivity, energy, computational power data local weather, traffic status and the sky the limit need for fair, decentralized app-store most users retrieve the apps they use through app store, managed the vendor their device. these stores provide users with little value, mostly the form auditing and reviewing apps ensuring better protection the users from malware, high cost: store charge roughly the developer's proceeds, including most forms in-app payments, out developers' pockets. most estimates put the combined revenues apple and google from operating their app stores recent years between b$-b$ annually. but the damage users even higher. the operators the app stores use their monopolistic power impose censorship the app offering: from barring apps that contain unapproved contents (such gambling adult content apps), bolder limitations apps that pose risk the operator's business (for example, apple blocked all blockchain wallets for the lion's part sirin's d-app store decentralized store for any type app, which users pay developers their subscription fees directly. auditing services providing security protection, parental control etc. may provided trusted parties and sold directly the subscriber. sirin labs crowdsale whitepaper product sirin labs' unique proposition decentralized networks introduce tremendous challenges starting with network scalability, payment speed, security and privacy. based sirin labs' legacy developing and launching the solarin smartphone, plan new distributed (sirin ostm) which used the finney(tm) smartphone and connected devices, address these upcoming challenges. state-of-the art, secure blockchain smart devices sirin labs developing its second-generation products the finney(tm) smartphone and finney(tm) 'allin-one' pc. these devices will operate using the sirin labs' open-source sirin os(tm), android(tm) based operating system with ultra-secure cryptography core. solarin, the sirinlabs legacy products will available well purchased using the srn token (with discount from retail maximum price). solarin (tm) smartphone solarin, the ultra-secured, android-based, smartphone, features sirin labs's security shield, and complete suite security features high-level specification: features: sirin labs cyber protection suite: behavioral based intrusion prevention system (ips) physical security switch (for secure call and massage) secured communications (voip, text, email) two factor authentications biometric (finger, lock pattern) hardware specifications: display .'' qhd internal memory storage ram wi-fi .ac wigig main camera wide-angle selfie camera secure calls and massages app services solarin, the ultra-secured, android-based, smartphone, features sirin labs's security shield, and complete suite security features. communications application which applies multiple layers security assure that all communications are protected end-to-end; from special hardware the solarin, and authentication the communication parties, bit aes end-to-end encryption (fips certified). the srn tokens can used for purchase and expansion the secure calls and messages bundles from sirin labs. the application compatible with all common android and ios devices. sirin labs crowdsale whitepaper finney(tm) smartphone the sirin labs product line will include the first smartphone for the blockchain community. finney(tm) smartphone affordable (~$) ultra-secure and impeccably-designed smartphone, that will incorporate advanced blockchain and cryptocurrency trading algorithms ensure the transactions integrity. high-level specification: target price range: blockchain features: sirin os(tm): secure resource sharing built-in hardware "cold storage" crypto wallet distributed ledger consensus sirin labs cyber protection suite: behavioral based intrusion prevention system (ips) blockchain based full tampering proof physical security switch (for wallet protection) secured communications (voip, text, email) three-factor authentications: biometric (iris finger), lock pattern, behavioral hardware specifications: display .'' qhd internal memory storage ram wi-fi .ac main camera wide-angle selfie camera finney(tm) sirin labs' product line will include affordable (~$) ultra-secure and impeccably-designed all-in-one pc, the finney(tm) pc.it built "thin client" practices with additional computational power, such (gpu/ cpu/ram) that can added based sirin labs resource sharing protocol cloud base service. high-level specification: target price range: blockchain features: sirin os(tm): secure resource sharing built-in hardware "cold storage" crypto wallet distributed ledger consensus sirin labs crowdsale whitepaper sirin labs cyber protection suite: behavioral based intrusion prevention system (ips) blockchain based full tampering proof physical security switch (for wallet protection) secured communications (voip, text, email) three-factor authentications: biometric (iris finger), lock pattern, behavioral hardware specifications: display biometric security memory storage wi-fi .ac *specifications are for local "thin client". additional computation power can added based sirin labs cloud base service. sirin os(tm) the finney(tm) smartphone and finney(tm) devices will use the sirin labs' open source sirin os(tm), android(tm) based operating system with ultra-secure cryptography core. the center the sirin os(tm) there distributed, scalable, light-weight, and asic-resistant ledger. sirin os(tm) designed and ready run millions smart electronic devices around the globe. sirin os(tm) implements ultra-secure, peer-to-peer cryptocurrency transactions mechanism with user-friendly, hassle-free interface. those are the enablers: feeless fast payments (without involvement sirin labs), resource sharing, and service offering. ensure the integrity the distributed leger transaction, sirin os(tm) will offer multi-layered cyber protection. makes use innovative methods secure the weakest link cryptocurrency transactions, which the interface between the wallet, the internet connection, and the blockchain network. sirin os(tm) built with the following features: blockshieldtm blockshield(tm) sirinlabs' propriety technology that ensures the integrity transactions. blockshield(tm) consists multiple protection layers built into the devices manufactured sirin labs, trusted display, address hiding and mac address randomization. built-in hardware "cold storage" crypto wallet the main goal the wallet safeguard the user's private key. the wallet also displays the user's balance, transactions history and public address. hardware based embedded inside the trustcore (tm), tamper-resistant secured element, which protected sirinlabs' blockshield(tm) technology secure area, protected physical switch. when the embedded wallet not being used, will physically and electronically disconnected from the network. the wallet will allow holding multiple accounts and will support bitcoin, ether, litecoin, dash, zcash, ripple, stratis, dogecoin and other leading cryptocurrencies. furthermore, allows hold the srn tokens. sirin labs crowdsale whitepaper cyber protection the entire device being multilayered cyber protected, ranging from low level the application layer. acknowledging the dynamic nature cyber threats, sirin labs developing multilayer, behavioral-based and machine-learning intrusion prevention system (ips). distributed ledger consensus (dlc) module the dlc module enables approving transactions with fee-less consensus mechanism, which allows fast payments between the network peers, without the need for mining. the consensus based tangle network consensus algorithm. decentralized app-store (d-aap) believe that variety, collaboration and openness are key the success the app ecosystem sirin os(tm). stimulate sirin os(tm), sirin labs will introduce the d-app store open, fee-less and censorshipfree marketplace for apps. the d-app store digital distribution channel for apps and services, providing developers with distribution, subscription management and in-app payments solutions, and providing users with discovery, updates and auditing services. unlike conventional centralized app stores, sirin os(tm) app store will managed the community decentralized way: users may use the services trusted auditor their choice review, rate and/or filter the assortment apps they see. paid apps and in-app payments will based secure peer-to-peer resource sharing which will distribute the fee between app and services developers and end users. much like conventional app stores, users will able search for apps and services based predefined categories. peer-to-peer resource sharing market module sirin os(tm) offers developers software development kit (sdk) that enables access the os's blockchain features and functionalities, which turn offer sharing digital resources and services between peers group users. these services can based the device's camera, data, storage, security, location etc. sirin labs crowdsale whitepaper sdk for distributed applications development sirin labs will offer developers worldwide software development kit (sdk) that enables faster and more secure development distributed apps for the blockchain generation, based our network capabilities and functionalities, taking advantage seamless and secure peer-to-peer resource sharing and payment system (not means srn tokens). sirin labs' sdk will implement and make available all the building blocks decentralization gossip protocol, decentralized database, voting/polling mechanism and oracle api. using sirin labs' sdk, developers could get directly paid for software, services and tangibles. addition, users can make "in-app" micropayments. sirin labs crowdsale whitepaper sirin labs secure blockchain technology overview and requirements sirin os(tm), the basis for finneytm devices, freely distributed open source operating system based android(tm), designed enable safe use blockchain applications mainstream devices. the sirin os(tm) provides enhanced blockchain features, decentralized resource sharing and lightweight, fee-less and quantum-proof transactions cryptocurrencies (without involvement sirin labs). security requirements enable mass market adoption blockchain technologies, cryptographic tools should simple and foolproof. experience with the first generations connected payment systems shows that any vulnerability that may exist between the moment sensitive information processed (on network storage) the moment displayed end users (such display) eventually exploited, and large scale. complex procedures maintaining key pairs, protecting private keys, planning one's recovery procedures and verifying transaction data are routine for today's blockchain users, but cannot routine for all users. the security scheme used sirin os(tm) must ensure that private keys are never exposed, and can only accessed limited set "secure mode" procedures, that are included the os, that authenticate the user and sign transactions method calls with the keys. keeping the secrets out reach the only way ensure that impossible steal them using malware, exploiting bug app even cheating the user into sharing his secrets. additionally, users must have simple and foolproof way distinguishing fake from real payment interfaces, protect them from phishing attempts. this requires physical indicator the device shell when the device secure mode. such indicator can unique led, physical switch, even separate screen for secure mode operations. users the device only need learn that the physical indicator must set order for them make payments other secure operations. while the above requirements are mandatory prevent wallets being compromised theft, phishing keylogging, one must note that the advanced features enabled finney(tm) create new opportunities for attackers. specifically, believe that resource sharing (and particularly sharing cpu and network resources) could create risk eavesdropping and breach access restrictions. mitigate that risk, finney(tm) will feature cybersecurity elements service sirin labs. blockchain requirements the blockchain operations provided natively sirin os(tm) can used any common blockchain technology. however, for common usages payments and resource sharing, find that none the current standard blockchains suitable for mainstream users. the native blockchain used for payments and resource sharing must provide fast transaction confirmation, ensure extremely low transaction costs enable micropayments, and have light clients capable operating nodes devices with entry-level cpu and limited network connectivity. pow design that enables long-state equilibrium which user devices most the validations the network, rather than centralized mining pools, also required ensure the long-term independence the network. sirin labs crowdsale whitepaper hardware adaptation requirements comply with the private-key protection schemes and anti-phishing measures required sirin os(tm), two security requirements must aided hardware elements: protection private keys from application access, and user protection from phishing. naturally, special hardware requirements may add burden manufacturers and designers, which must ensure will not barrier widespread adoption sirin os(tm). counter that, sirin labs will provide choice hardware designs (and certify other designs suggested parties) that can satisfy these requirements, allowing oems choose the design that can best fit their constraints. resource sharing requirements perhaps the most promising capability blockchain device its ability dynamically trade its resources with other devices, thus providing its users with better experience they need and better utilizing its resources when not use. resource sharing must seamless, secure and efficient for mass-market users enjoy it. sirin os(tm) introduces virtualization layer between the interfaces and any its shareable resources, making access each the resources virtualized both the sharer and the receiver. this ensures that partners shared resource (such network cpu) cannot undermine each other's security privacy. the virtualized containers will also provide accurate metering the shared resource; the sharer meters the amount use the shared resource his sole discretion. two types resource sharing protocols will designed: localboost(tm) for sharing resources with directlyconnected devices, and cloudboost(tm) for sharing resources over the network. sirin labs will publish rfc for both protocols. being open protocols, any device not just sirin os(tm) devices may contribute use resources; this allows wifi routers, cloud edge-cloud computing services, public charging stations and many other devices also part the resource sharing network. development methodology sirin os(tm) developed accordance with the sdlc (security development lifecycle), and owasp scp including secure coding and penetration testing done specialized parties and occasional hacker bounties. hardware designs and abstraction workflows ensuring the secure use blockchain apps user requires hardware capable secure execution: isolating private-key usages from other functionalities, such way that secure code can access its own secure storage, and that its communications the display and user input device(s) are protected from eavesdropping manipulation insecure code. another required hardware capability visual indication: there must exist clear and simple indication for the user when the device secure mode. sirin labs will provide least two hardware designs meet the secure execution requirement: one requiring that the main chipset architecture that support secure enclaves (such tee trusted execution environment supporting chips), and one supporting any chipset when connected secure element (se) chip. the former will enable oem hardware vendors adapt their existing board designs use sirin labs crowdsale whitepaper sirin os(tm) with little changes, whereas the latter may require new board designs but due the low cost chips, will have minimal effect the overall bom. meet the visual indication requirement, recommend physical switch requiring the user actively move the switch for transition between secure and ultra-secure modes. alternatively, dedicated indicator led that will only light when secure mode can used. the indicator should easily distinguishable from any other visual indicator the device, making easy for users learn that they should only authenticate transactions when secure mode. example: abstract workflow although the design alternatives use different approaches isolating the wallet storage and computation, and the physical indication secure i/o, all use the same abstract workflows for wallet operations. for example, currency transfer follows this workflow: the user chooses send currency supporting app, (e.g. peer-to-peer messaging app) the app creates document containing the transaction details ("raw transaction"). optionally, the app may attempt acquire the destination address' owner certificate ssl certificate indicating that the real-world name and address the recipient. the app calls the signtransaction() method the "wallet interface service" provided sirin os(tm). this call sends the raw transaction the wallet hardware (either secure enclave chip). secure mode visual indication turned on. the hardware wallet displays (on secure display) the transaction details: amount transferred and destination address; owner certificate was attached the transaction, the recipient name and address will also shown. then asks for user authentication for approval the transaction. the user authenticated and approved the transaction, the secure code will sign the transaction using the private keys stored the secured storage and send back the app. next, will exit secure mode. secure mode visual indication turned off. the messaging app back control, received signed transaction which may send the blockchain commit the transaction. architecture adaptation layer and hal sirin labs crowdsale whitepaper the adaptation layer and the hal (hardware abstraction layer) defines standard interface for oems integrate sirin os(tm) top their existing software hardware platforms, order abstract resource access secured manner. just the resource sharing protocols, localboost(tm) and cloudboost(tm), are not limited specific device the abstractions built into sirin os(tm) support hardware can ported any type devices top existing operating system. system services and core libraries system services are modular components exposed the sirin os(tm) the application framework and its apis. the system services cooperate provide the core functionality the sirin os(tm) over existing hardware devices taking advantage the sirin os(tm) stack core libraries. the core components the system services layer are: dlc: decentralized ledger component best meet the requirements the native blockchain (fast, fee-less, scalable transaction over light clients), sirin labs cooperating with iota foundation with the intention integrating tangle-based ledger technology into sirin os(tm) (iota tangle described []). the dlc component that designed meet the implementation requirements iota: managing secure transactions among devices over the tangle network perform the tangle's tip selection algorithm described iota whitepaper. performing hash calculations and verify selected previous transactions. wallet interface service sirin os(tm) devices, access private keys only available for the hardware wallet module. the wallet interface service provides apps with api access the wallet, enabling them have currency transfers and smart contract calls signed. the hardware wallet (either running separate chip with its own storage, enclave with exclusive access the secure storage holding the private keys) asks for user authentication and approval, and returns the signed transaction approved. sirin labs crowdsale whitepaper drsm: decentralized resource sharing manager the drsm (decentralized resource sharing manager) responsible allocate, authorize and share resources over decentralized network secure, trusted and private fashion. background service operated drsm manages payments resource sharers according dynamically calculated costbenefit protocol. among the resources managed drsm are: device sensors data network connections cpu time gpu time device storage and more. blockshield(tm) sirin os(tm) designed inherently secure architecture, addition providing secure blockchain operations can provide toolkit security and privacy-related services. parts this toolkit are designed provide security features non-blockchain use are optional and oem vendors may choose not embed their products. sirin labs crowdsale whitepaper application layer secureshield(tm) (application container) the secureshield(tm) provides sandbox protection the level protect selected applications (such wallet apps, encrypted voip/messaging, encrypted e-mail, etc.) the secureshield(tm) provides applications with permission based isolation from accessing device and system resources such as: sensors: camera, microphones, vibrator, speakers, motion, gps, communication: bluetooth, nfc, cellular calls and sms peripherals: usb, hdmi, serial/parallel ports system processes: audio video recording, app installation, screenshots, factory reset, and debugging sirin labs crowdsale whitepaper further access protection application that are guarded the secureshield(tm) can done through physical security switch and two factor authentications that managed the authentication manager. scs: secured communication suite (optional for oems) the secure communication suite set comprehensive endpoint-to-endpoint encryption solutions that provide secure communication connected devices safeguard sensitive conversations against eavesdropping malicious actors. scs comprised secure and encrypted voice calling, secure text messaging, file transfer, e-mail scs uses pki cryptosystem stored hardware-protected keystore stored sirin labs trustcore (tm). the robust encryption framework leverages -bit rsa and cryptosystem with aes -bit symmetric session keys. expect developers and vendors adopt sirin os(tm) enhance the security and privacy communications and resource sharing developments and bring sirin os(tm) advantages the public, scs applications enhance its security and privacy using sirin os(tm) apis. scs uses sirin os(tm) for various use cases like: service authentication. negotiation between peers, for example: encrypted call establishment. payments and micro payments, for example: charge users for app services. transfer payments between users security resources sharing, for example: user can lease his device hardware encryption engine. post alert others when threat detected layer policy manager the policy manager aggregates data that collected from sensors embedded the kernel, well the device firmware. can execute actions and countermeasures dynamic cyber threat policies, contain and restrain the cyber-attacks. example for such actions and counter measure are: pausing blocking installations blocking connections terminating suspected processes etc. sirin labs protectortm backend system manages cyber threat dynamic policies, according day-to-day changes the worldwide landscape cyber threats. these policies are pushed ota the devices upon need. ips: behavioral-based intrusion prevention system (optional for oems) acknowledging the dynamic nature cyber threats, sirin labs developing multilayer, behavioralbased and machine-learning ips, protecting against known and unknown threats (including zero-day sirin labs crowdsale whitepaper attacks). this relies our extensive experience developing solarin, the most secure smartphone the world. ("meet the safest smartphones the world!" https://bballmaster.com/meet-safest-smartphonesworld/ blockshield(tm) includes continuous on-device behavioral-based cyber-protection engine, against networks attacks, host-based (malware) attacks, and physical attacks. the ips engine, which always-on state (including during offline and flight mode), monitors the entire device for malicious behavior and dynamically detects real-time both known and unknown threats and attacks (including zero-day). the ips engine identifies, prevents and shields the devices against wide range cyber threats and attacks from diverse entry points, such as: wifi network attacks arp mitm (man-in-the-middle), traffic-tampering, ssl strip, icmp redirect mitm, fake ssl certificate attacks, rogue wifi access points, suspicious baseband behavior such silent sms, unexpected downgrade g/g encryption, etc. host-based attacks (behavioral-based and not signature-based) suspected apk (from the google play store, other app stores, website, email, and ftp), eop (elevation privilege), system tampering, device jailbreaking rooting physical attacks rom tampering, preloaded application authenticity tampering, hardware tampering the ips engine backed-up with cyber-incident response team (cirt), that enhances the cybersecurity level the devices using proactive monitoring and analysis. the cirt investigates the online cyber threats and mitigates them assist customers with managing security issues related usage the devices. authentication manager recognizing the inherent weaknesses traditional self-determined authentication methods, such pin, pattern, password, sirin labs offers range authentication methods, integrating methods selfdetermined authentication with biometric authentication. blockshield(tm) supports two sets authentication methods, one set for each zone (the "regular" zone and the shielded zone). for each set, the customer may choose which authentication methods use protect their privacy and security. optional authentication methods include: self-determined password, pin, pattern, swipe, none biometric fingerprint, iris recognition and/or retina scan (on supporting devices) the devices enable the end-user determine the authentication protection level the selected section: none self-determined only self-determined single biometric authentication self-determined double biometric authentications one-factor biometric authentication two biometric authentications the self-determined and biometric prints are stored hardware-secured element within the smartphone and within the all-in-one computer, enhancing the security level this sensitive data. sirin labs crowdsale whitepaper device integrity (optional for oems) one ominous threat the cyber-security landscape that hardware and software tampering consumer electronic devices. the main counter-measure tamper-proof the hardware and software components' authenticity. sirin labs developing advanced, unique blockchain-based, tamper-proof mechanism, for both the hardware and software components electronic devices. device integrity subsystem verifies mechanisms verify the authenticity firmware and hardware across devices: hardware tampering prevention (optional for oems) the device integrity module supports the integration secure device assembly inside factory using supply chain management that controlled blockchain. selected hardware component's authenticity verification done throughout their lifecycle, from their assembly line the odms, through shipment. selected component's hash stored distributed ledger and verified against the associated devices sirin labs' blockchain network. any attempt tamper with replace the selected hardware components the devices detected the device integrity module and cause ips event which can propagated indication the customer, and appropriate countermeasures according the analyzed severity the incident. firmware tampering prevention (optional for oems) similarly, any attempt perform unauthorized software update replacement the device sensitive components (such bootloader, kernel, system services, etc.) and other sensitive selected software components, detected and causes event the ips, with appropriate functional countermeasures. secure boot (optional for oems) the secure boot mechanism that built into blockshield(tm) guarantees the integrity the device software starting from hardware root trust the system partition. during boot, each stage verifies the integrity and authenticity the next stage before executing it. any integrity violation that detected during boot reported the ips provide warning the local device and the boot sequence hold. encrypted storage (optional for oems, except hardware wallet) the encrypted storage subsystem support integration full encrypted storage that backed either software hardware. trusted display the trusted display ensures that the information typed the end-user securely controlled taking advantage trusted execution environment (such trustzone arm, qsee qualcomm, etc.). trusted display protects and validates the input-output chain, starting from the input device (such touch screen, fingerprint sensor, keyboard, mouse) the user interface and the device's physical display. sirin labs crowdsale whitepaper whenever user makes transaction, the information displayed derived from the tee, which prevents any non-secure application, potential malware malicious actor from tampering with sniffing the transaction details. privacy manager (optional for oems) the privacy manager subsystem provides togglable anonymization protect user's privacy. mac address randomization (optional for oems) whenever transaction initiated blockchain, the client sends the necessary data other clients, effectively broadcasting the transfer the network. most blockchain protocols not encrypt their traffic, possible for prying eyes malicious actor peek into the transactions and determine the wallet's balance with little effort. for sophisticated third party, therefore entirely possible gather data about transactions performed and reveal the identity cryptocurrency users large. the privacy manager, also supports integration vpn provided parties. hardware layer: trustcore(tm) (optional for oems*) sirin labs trustcore(tm) tamper resistant hardware secure element (se) capable securely hosting confidential and cryptographic data (e.g. key management) and using them for transaction authentication without exposing the secret data the main cpu storage. sirin os(tm) uses trustcore(tm) securely store: encryption keys (encrypted storage, encrypted communication, etc.) biometric templates (such fingerprints, retina, iris) (*) oems adopting sirin os(tm) may choose use other secure element chips based compliant specification. sirin labs crowdsale whitepaper marketing plan general market data sirin labs' blockchain solution solves key problems (security, privacy, trust) the most used electronic devices, like mobile phones and personal computers. billion mobile and units were sold worldwide. addition, mobiles and pcs are used mostly for communication and screen viewing. daily distribution screen minutes countries sirin labs crowdsale whitepaper security the blockchain era data privacy has become huge issue: cybercrime estimated cost individuals and companies staggering amount. the cybersecurity market estimated grow from over global expenditures mobile and network security are growing estimated annual rate bn. existing offerings the commercial secure phone and market are very limited and unattractive for consumers. examples include the gsmk cryptophone and blackphone. finney(tm) will the first line secure devices incorporate the best blockchain security practices, offering high level usability meet our clients' lifestyle needs. target audiences (sirin os(tm) featured products) sirin labs specialty the development ultra-secure consumer electronics. blockchain technologies bring wealth opportunities and relieve pain the fields security and privacy, particularly for two key audiences: crowdsale participants mostly comprised early adopters. crowdsale participants have evolved from being 'early adopters' into far more savvy traders, relying funds and institutions. funds obtained from crowdsale act pool capital. due their size these will surely play leading role for future cryptocurrency contributors. oem's (original equipment manufacturers) beside installing sirin os(tm) our feature products and based early discussions with manufacturers around the world strongly believe that our unique will appealing many the leading consumer electronics companies who wish enter the blockchain domain. community developers sirin os(tm) sdk designed for the blockchain community developers, who are known group passionate techies who want help create better world through the power blockchain consumers blockchain technologies and cryptocurrencies are considered too complex for the population. sirin labs' unique consumer electronic products, finney(tm) will offer the first real opportunity connect give everyone access cryptocurrencies. sirin labs crowdsale whitepaper sirin labs' security and privacy protocols are implemented the core solarin and finney(tm) products. moreover, pricing points are set attractive and competitive level. the easy-to-use cold wallet and srn economy will user friendly and easy use, giving access every consumer who wishes buy our products and become part the blockchain revolution. the sirin labs brand according russian mythology, "sirins" are beautiful creatures that only truly happy people can hear. they are fast and difficult catch human happiness, and symbolize eternal joy and heavenly happiness (wikipedia). sirin labs first product was solarin, the world's most secure mobile phone, with the underlying brand values security, technology, design and quality. sirin labs recognizes the importance brand building, continue develop consumer electronic goods. looking forward intend make our products accessible the mass markets, while maintaining our high standards and values. brand compass go-to-market (general) channel description brand and branding establish unique and distinct brand and product perception vision, name, look and feel, values, messages and language communicate the products and values via mass market and targeted media such trade publications and press conferences social media (community management) delivering the products and values creating 'stories' like news, insights, features, partnerships, and releases, via social media channels such telegram, facebook, twitter, linkedin, youtube, medium sirin labs crowdsale whitepaper media buy using paid channels achieve marketing and sales objectives: the bulk the budget will allocated for online campaigns (sem, ppc, ads, ig). print and will considered depending the available marketing budget and online results affiliates use "pay per success" online channels (performance-based marketing) events attending trade events showcase our products establish awareness, sales, partnerships, and positioning btl (below the line) deploy "brand enhancers" points sale include staff training, branding elements and collaterals e-commerce using e-commerce best practices. enabling users, resellers and partners engage with sirin labs crowdsale creating pre-launch buzz support awareness and presales allocation marketing budget sales business development channel sirin os(tm) finney(tm) smartphone finney(tm) oem's wholesalers (distributors) consumer electronic retail chains online tbd sirin labs crowdsale whitepaper srn token system crowdsale details the sirin labs token (srn) the symbol the sirin token srn. during the token sale, the srn token implemented erc- compatible token over the public ethereum blockchain, and will converted coin the iota network towards the launch. purpose and usage the srn token srn token will available for usage and purchasing sirinlabs existing products and services, well for pre-order future products. usage right after crowd-sale event ends srn tokens have the following usability that includes: purchasing the solarin line products; solarin smartphone, beryllium earphone, international charger, with discount from retail maximum price purchasing apps and services provided and operated sirinlabssirin labs, such encrypted calls and messages, cyber security suite pre-order purchase sirin labs finney(tm) smartphone, and finney(tm) all-in-one and other future hardware products, with discount from retail maximum price upon releasing finney blockchain purchasing the finney line products; finney smartphone, finney from sirin labs purchasing apps and services provided and operated sirin labs through the d-app store, such resource sharing, encrypted calls and messages, cyber security suite warranty, repair and other service packages from sirin labs buying solarin products and services using srn the srn token can used for purchasing sirin labs's products, applications and services from the moment the srn tokens are issued and distributed crowdsale participants (hr. after crowdsale ends). moreover, special discounts will given srn token holders who pre-order purchase products from sirin labs using their srn tokens. the solarin available for purchase sirin labs flagship store bruton place, london, well online www.solarin.com. the secure call and messages application and services can purchased from sirin labs representative, via any mean communication displayed https://www.solarin.com/contact. sirin labs crowdsale whitepaper use proceeds *** subject for change based management decisions *** token issuance finance sirin labs' roadmap and activities the foreseeable future, the company plans conduct token sale initial supply srn tokens. the sale event will last days, with uncapped amount contribution. srn tokens will sold fixed price denominated eth and the initial supply will dependent the quantity srn tokens sold. the allocation total srn tokens will follows: the total number srn tokens will allocated contributors during the token sale. the total number srn tokens will allocated the team and will gradually vested over -months period the total number srn tokens will allocated oem's, operating system implementation, sdk developers and rebate device and sirin os(tm) users. the total number srn tokens will allocated professional fees and bounties. the total number srn tokens will allocated sirin labs, used for future strategic plans for the created ecosystem, and reserve for the company. during the token sale event, there will pricing program the contributors following: duration from token crowdsale event start first hours day day day day day day day day day day day day day srn/eth sirin labs crowdsale whitepaper roadmap our roadmap based three scenarios based the level contribution: will develop and release the sirin os(tm) for phone oems addition above, will develop and launch the finney(tm) smartphone addition phone, plan develop and launch the finney(tm) legacy sirin labs established first solarin prototype solarin launch event crowdsale finney(tm) phone concept study sirin os(tm) concept exploration crowdsale preparation launch finney(tm) development finney(tm) devices development sirin os(tm) beta release oems release sdk for d-apps developers establishment production line finney(tm) launch finney(tm) launch event launch open source sirin os(tm) development distribution channels sirin labs crowdsale whitepaper sustainable economy outlook for sirin os(tm) sirin labs aiming maximize the adoption sirin ostm its users and the blockchain community whole. sirin labs will work together with oem vendors increase global distribution and demand sirin ostm. subject the permissibility under applicable law, the future, order further grow the economy around sirin ostm, sirin labs its sole discretion will examine the need for new supporting tokens (future token) with the functionality payment means that may exchanged against srn tokens. such exchange (if any), however, subject the srn token holder's willingness provide sufficient proof identity, information about the source funds and other documentation other information that sirin labs may require connection with sirin labs's obligations under, and compliance with, applicable laws and regulations, including but not limited anti-money laundering legislation and regulations. subject the reservations the previous paragraph, sirin labs plans implement the future tokens smart token, which uses the bancor protocol maintain liquidity (see section .). for the sake clarity, this white paper and the upcoming crowdsale limited srn tokens. future tokens are only mentioned connection with potential outlook for sirin ostm and are not part the crowdsale described this white paper sirin labs. the reader this white paper acknowledges and agrees that has claim (independent legal theory jurisdiction) under this white paper for future tokens. sirin labs crowdsale whitepaper appendix risk disclosure statement the following are the risk factors relation sirin labs business general and srn token sale event particular: the sirin labs token may significantly influenced digital currency market trends and srn value may severely depreciated due non-srn related events the digital currency markets, although srn are not digital currency. sirin labs developing complex hardware and software project and its launch may delayed due unforeseen development barriers. the use srn tokens may come under the scrutiny governmental institutions. the ownership srn tokens may fall under new and unpredicted taxation laws that will erode srn benefits. the positions and plans outlined this whitepaper may altered the project progresses. sirin token sales and crowdsales have been known come under malicious attacks from hackers and/or other parties resulting theft tokens. such events may inflict massive losses buyers and the company. allowing the peer-to-peer secured payment through the sirin labs' devices and ecosystem subject applicable regulation, particular the applicable financial markets regulation that may require sirin labs obtain regulatory approvals bancor token platform bancor erc-compatible token template, which offers continuous liquidity via on-chain market maker. bancor raised over million during initial token offering, making one the largest fundraising campaigns the blockchain industry. more information about bancor can found the bancor website and the bancor whitepaper. references http://hackingdistributed.com////scaling-bitcoin-with-secure-hardware/ abbreviations bluetooth cirt cyber-incident response team eop elevation privilege eth ethereum ips intrusion protection system mitm man-in-the-middle nfc near field communication sirin labs crowdsale whitepaper operating system ota over the air sdlc security development life cycle srn sirin labs token tee trusted execution environment sirin labs crowdsale whitepaper