strategic investments significant areas strategic investments significant areas strategic investments significant areas abstract strategic investments significant areas (sisa) plaorm built unique business model which enables individual investors paracipate pooled fund make strategic investments interesang new projects diversified fields. the primary objecave every investor profit making, yet individually they all have certain limitaaons terms fund arrangements, idenafying potenaal project and forth. but choosing pooled fund provides many benefits, specifically, pooled funds enable investors invest stocks and projects they normally may not have access due capital requirements while also maintaining liquidity and diversity. furthermore, invesang block chain related projects even more challenging due the ever present risk scams and hacks well steep technical barrier entry. aim migate these issues with revoluonary new plaborm, democrac pool fund (dpf). through this unique investment vehicle, token holders gain all the benefits pooled fund: liquidity diversity professional assistance investment decisions scale capital allocaaon but the major add-on our plaorm the introducaon voang rights and they play pivotal role investment decisions and fund allocaaon. through this plaorm investors have the right vote and choose which projects receive funding. this, believe, creates sense authority and ownership among the investors. the cryptocurrency market has showed great capacity raise funds and drive capital towards revoluaonary, next-generaaon protocols and technologies. however, strongly believe that the market has not been used its fullest potenaal. strategic investments significant areas introduction sisa, our mission offer distributed pooled investment vehicle with low barrier entry and decentralized, democraac management mechanism. ualizing the ethereum blockchain, will issue erc compliant tokens every investor order guarantee safe payout and distribuaon the fund's profits. sisa not only plaorm for raising funds for pooled investment, but also plaorm for pitching, vewng, and selecang new, innovaave ideas. this way, can bring investors and investment seekers together collaborate via common plaorm. the sisa plaorm includes voang system available all token owners who will have voang rights equal their ownership stake. each new project will proposed the token holders. whether not the fund invests the project enarely determined the voang the sisa holders. this system sets the bar for crypto-fund transparency policies and allows sisa token holders exercise their authority selecang which projects will receive investment. sisa also will provide research and analysis services its token holders, employing top experts any given field review the prospects each proposal. this analysis will made available the token holders they make their decision. aim create robust debate and informaaon-based decision- making mechanisms while keeping the decentralized nature the project intact. sisa will invest blockchainrelated projects well making strategic investments tradiaonal businesses around the world. the sisa team recognizes major funding gaps for infrastructure projects emerging economies such india and china. both are currently planning major infrastructure projects need short-, medium- and long-term investments. for example, china rebuilding the silk route, which itself mulabillion dollar project. india building smart ciaes, huge hydro power projects, solar power plants, and much more the near future. strategic investments significant areas asia and the pacific's infrastructure investment requirements region needs trillion through central asia $bn south asia $,bn southeast asia $,bn east asia $,bn the pacific $bn south asia southeast asia the pacific source: adb note: data for and accounts for climate change. east asia central asia strategic investments significant areas vision sisa, our vision disintermediate access sophisacated investment plaorms previously reserved for the ultra wealthy and the well connected. democraazing our pool fund, can offer previously unaaainable level service, diversificaaon, and transparency wealth management the casual investor. the heart our mission the aim use decentralized blockchain technology distribute the tools and informaaon necessary allow the individual compete with the resources and scale major financial insatuaons, thus eliminaang the market advantage provided them system gatekeepers and intermediaries. ulamately, envision future financial markets driven liquidity informaaon and the agency and autonomy the individual investor. strategic investments significant areas the blockchain the blockchain the cornerstone the sisa project. provides the foundaaon for many the primary innovaaons financial technology that will allow disintermediate access sophisacated wealth management. the blockchain not only allows our team issue cryptographically secure shares pool fund, but also allows eliminate any barrier entry for the small-ame investor. the blockchain allows eliminate several costs that would associated with accepang investment pooled fund well issuing dividend. sisa will able execute alpha strategy and distribute returns from said strategy the investor regardless capital requirements. whether investor has ether ether, our democraazed pool fund gives them equal access and proporaonal agency over the capital allocaaon. cryptographically secure shares pool fund further, the blockchain allows set the standard for radical transparency. issuing tokens through ico, give each investor access full log capital flows from our fund well the valuaaon any given token and dividends paid. this transparency gives the investor the full suite informaaon needed decide whether not they want join the fund. once investors are members sisa, the blockchain will provide uncensorable authenacaaon mechanism for access sisa's provided markets and prospectus analysis. eliminate any barrier entry for the small-time investor finally, the blockchain allows sisa provide all the benefits pooled fund while maintaining investor agency investment decision through our democraac pooled fund. using the blockchain aggregate funds, investors are able ensure that funds are used properly and that all the fund's transacaons remain transparent. this allows investors paracipate investment opportuniaes that require scale much larger than individual may able achieve while maintaining the ability direct capital allocaaon decisions through provably fair blockchain-based voang mechanism. eliminate several costs strategic investments significant areas sisa token erc token sisa will issue erc token all investors. the token represents proporonal share the total fund. this token will provide the holder the right claim their share the fund's quarterly dividends, well enabling them parcipate vong and proposing projects. addionally, the tokens provide investors with access the analysis and research for proposed projects provided sisa's analysts. investor strategic investments significant areas sisa token the sisa token will minted with fixed supply million tokens each divisible decimal places. the token's smart contract interface will expose funcaon allowing the holder withdraw their share the fund's quarterly dividends from dedicated smart contract. sisa investments will auditable via blockchain technology. providing watch-only api keys various trading plaorms, will able provide investors simple plaorm for monitoring investments and performance. addiaonally capital allocated various cryptocurrencies will auditable via simple blockchain address look-ups. tradiaonal financial investments will have their documents notarized using crypto-notary implementaaon, then uploaded ipfs for distributed transparency. strategic investments significant areas initial coin offering (ico) the sisa token will distributed through iniaal coin offering (ico) the ethereum blockchain. sisa's iniaal token distribuaon will allocate million sisa tokens sold during ico presale while million will offered during the ico itself. seven million tokens will reserved the fund's management team facilitate development and cover research and analysis expenses while another million will set aside for community bounaes. pre-sale bounties management initial coin strategic investments significant areas sisa also will implement bonus structure incen<vize and reward early investors. sisa will offer tokens per ether contributed during the pre-sale. day one the ico, tokens will offered per ether contributed. ader the first day, the ico bonus structure decreases weekly according the following schedule. pre-sale eth tokens bonus day eth tokens bonus day -day eth tokens bonus week eth tokens bonus week eth tokens bonus week eth tokens bonus strategic investments significant areas effective price per token pre-sale day day day day day the ico will implemented via smart contract the ethereum network. this contract will ensure that all limits, bonuses, and requirements are hard coded into the ico's plaborm, allowing users simply contribute ether and automacally receive sisa tokens. the conclusion the crowdsale, any tokens yet sold will burned. strategic investments significant areas dividends and redemptions each token entles the holder redeem proporonal share the profits generated the fund during that quarter. the fund will begin paying dividends every quarter starng from dividend payouts will structure follows: quarterly profits will paid out dividend will reinvested order grow the funds capital will allocated reserve fund that acts floor for investor capital dividends and redemptions strategic investments significant areas the event quarterly loss, the dividends funcon will remain inacve. during window the end each quarter, jan token holders will able withdraw their dividends using specific funcon revealed the token smart contracts interface. for example, the fund returns quarterly profit ether, ether will reinvested grow the capital pool and take advantage larger investment opportunies while ether will placed reserves fund act floor for investors token value. the other ether will available for withdrawal dividend the token holder. so, investor holding the total sisa tokens will able withdraw ether from the dividend smart contract. strategic investments significant areas investment methodology block chain futurists are perpetual search find new areas for block chain adopaon, not just online but throughout our global economy. have already recruited team world leading corporate personnel, literaa and tech developers build revoluaonary business process management sogware based enarely block chain technology. sisa operates unique, closed-end fund that gives autonomy and agency its investors allowing them pitch and vote various proposals. this allows the investors act allocators their own capital through pooled investment vehicle. the sisa management team's primary objecave will ensure and maintain transparency, decentralizaaon, and informaaon. sisa's analysis team will focused idenafying and filtering business opportuniaes the back end. projects that fulfill certain criteria will presented for voang along with complete analysis the associated risks and benefits. strategic investments significant areas investment methodology the sisa team will seek profitable investment opportunies from wide range industries including: software media retail electronics the sisa team biotechnology financial services strategic investments significant areas bitcoin s&p image source: haps://steemit.com/crypto-news/@bitgeek/bitcoin-vs-s-and-p sisa will look idenafy investments that clearly display opportunity for conanual growth well well-defined and sizable target market. the project should able display sizable market need for its soluaon. other important factors will used determine the viability paracular investment, such the amount capital required achieve scale and whether not the project has notable advantage over its compeaaon. sisa will also look towards qualitaave factors when vewng project's team. potenaal partner should display willingness incorporate and entertain ideas from market paracipants, including customers and investors, while also acang decisively execuaon its business plan. sisa should see that the project has gathered dedicated, unified team capable implemenang the projects vision. strategic investments significant areas once sisa has fully veaed and researched given project industry, full report will made available the token holders who can use this informaaon engage robust debate and discussion with the project's leaders well other sisa token holders. token holders can use their votes favor any project their discreaon. the end the poll, projects with the highest number popular votes will allocated the appropriate funding. token holders will then able take acave role alongside the sisa team monitor and ensure that the funded project meeang requirements. investors can both evangelize for the projects benefit's well hold its management team accountable for delivering its vision. strategic investments significant areas every quarter the funds profits will shared with the token holders via ethereum smart contract. the business development process usually involves par<es, the sisa team the token holders the entrepreneurs startups and freelance analysts the key advantage our plaborm bringing these groups together collaborate and allocate resources the best way possible benefit all pares involved. strategic investments significant areas democratic pool fund the definion democracy the modern world is, system government where cizens are allowed parcipate the proposal and creaon laws'. pooled funds are created from many individual investors who are aggregated for the purposes investment. the major disadvantage most pooled funds that the funds are controlled the money manager the fund management company, and they alone make all decisions about what buy, when buy, and when sell assets/stocks/bonds etc. thought bit odd not take account investors' opinion while making these decisions. ader all, their money. strategic investments significant areas order migate this problem, pioneered new approach called democrac pool fund (dpf) works the principle democracy. just like cizens have rights democracy, dpf investors are given rights take part decision making. not all investors are able judge the viability project company. for this reason, pooled funds are operated professional fund managers. the average investor oden has limited informaon and therefore unable compete with managers larger funds. this where come assist the investor. sisa our team experts will perform due diligence all projects, and prepare project viability report, only allowing appropriate projects pitched our token holders. addionally, make project owners available our stakeholders that they can further clarify details the project. strategic investments significant areas sisa operates two kinds funds. one closed end fund which exclusively available our inial token owners. this fund prominently concentrates blockchain-based projects and makes investments projects which receive the majority token holder support via vong. this fund also receives prime preference while making investment decisions. second open fund which available all investors. this fund makes investments all prominent sectors both online and offline. are also planning further develop dpf tool which can provide decentralizaon, agency, and transparency third-party fund operators, stock brokers, and more. strategic investments significant areas risk and considerations with all investments, there are risks associated with invesng into venture projects, especially within the blockchain space. for this reason, it's imperave that sisa diversifies its investments into mulple sectors distributed globally. addionally, the sisa team will take security and research operaons protect funds from the risk hacking. important for investors recognize that cryptocurrency experimental technology. although sisa will diversify into other industries, the primary investment mechanism for the fund the blockchain. bitcoin correlation with s&p -.% -.% all return since april bitcoin s&p strategic investments significant areas road map pre-sale announcement. ico crowd sale. roll out monitoring and auding tools. token distribuon and exchange lisngs. recruing developers and financial market experts. roll out sisa investor plaborm and dpf dashboard. first investments made. first dividend payout. launch sisa open-end fund. launch ios and android applicaons. roll out dpf independent plaborm for world wide use. open offices all naons. strategic investments significant areas looking the future sisa the natural evoluon capital allocaon and wealth management, allowing investors pool funds while giving them the unique opportunity exercise vong rights for the fund's allocaons. with the technology available today, each investor will have immediate and autonomous access their poron the profits created the fund. ulizing the blockchain, aim set the standard closed-end fund transparency. will also provide unique value-added proposion our investors allowing them maintain their righbul authority over allocaon decisions through vong based informaon and analysis provided our researchers. strategic investments significant areas conclusion every sisa member will iniaally receive token representaaon their ownership stake the fund. this will allow each user register personalized account the plaorm order gain access project viability reports and other research produced the sisa team. further, sisa members will able use the plaorm connect with the project owner and gain more informaaon about given project's investment prospects. this peer-to-peer dialogue between investors and entrepreneurs eliminates intermediaries and vastly increases transparency and communicaaon. the fund begins grow and allocate its capital towards various projects, sisa holders will able use the plaorm order monitor voang and proposed investments well the fund's trading history, porolio balance and performance. this user portal will grant sisa holders access personalized return reports, dividends and amely news and updates from the sisa team. sisa, our mission create unique and disrupave investment vehicle order disintermediate and decentralize pooled investments. reducing the barrier entry for certain investments, aim liberate dead capital currently controlled the underbanked populaaon who may not have access tradiaonal financial tools, and thus are unable generate revenue with their capital. further, aim provide radical transparency all our dealings while allowing individual investors the fund maintain agency over their capital allocaaon via democraac pooled fund. strategic investments significant areas team immaneul brately sunil anthony mycherla ceo founder cto founder business development manager human resource manager profession brat blockchain entrepreneur and business administrator well. involved bitcoin and blockchain industry since investor and trader bitcoin and other crypto currencies. anthony accomplished data architect comes with immense experience design, development and deployment distributed systems and database applicaaons for clients from financial and non financial sectors. works closely with business users, project leaders and developers, analyzes the business requirements and designs conceptual and logical data models. global ciazen brat travels the world and has professional associaaons countries like singapore, thailand, middle east and european naaons. experience internet markeang since mych expert business development and worked for many start-ups especially fund raising acaviaes. going take care sisa's markeang acaviaes, social media campaigns, media and press releases. david anderson max rafat nick blockchain developer full stack web designer editor experienced and professional developer and passionate admirer blockchain technology and crypto. specialist ethereum smart contracts and advanced bitcoin blockchain technology and known for delivering clean quality code that both tested and robust. max expert front end development and creaave web graphics. also experienced designing. most skilled adobe photoshop, illustrator ager effect. has also good knowledge jquery php. nick man love with words. has years experience professional writer, editor and copy editor. also expert adobe indesign and microsog powerpoint. had worked for clients north and south america, europe, africa, asia and australia. strategic investments significant areas strategic investments significant areas