white paper skincoin (skin) universal cryptocurrency based ethereum for instant trading cs:go, dota skins, and taking bets e-sports events. alexey zakharov, igor solomatin version (final) skincoin.org june contents introduction. what are the skins? how the skins market emerged the size the skins market and its trends the skins market problems and their solutions what problems are there the skins market? how suggest solve these problems competitive advantages ico ico goals ico parameters ico allocation structure and marketing: why contribute skincoin roadmap and development plan some technical aspects the exchange service with api team introduction the last few years esports have become extremely popular with the media. the number players and fans, prize funds and budgets competitions have demonstrated significant growth. invite you take part this growth with us. the story begins when valve introduced opportunity exchange and trade in-game items (skins) from the popular cs:go, dota and other video games based the official steam trading platform. very soon skins were not just in-game items, but fact became actual currency: lot online services started accept them payment method, exchange them for real money and other skins, use them bets betting platforms. thus, the skins market emerged, and has grown more than billion few years. our main product under this ico creating exchange service with convenient api for connecting the third party websites, that they can accept payments skincoin without having open and maintain their own stores. are creating platform for immediate exchange skins for the cryptocurrency, which liquid asset that can used for further skins speculative trading, replace the turnover skins video game websites and can used for conversion the income after trading skins into fiat money. for that, need working capital that will used execute the obligations between seller and buyer the skin, and also marketing budget scale the project. are experienced team working the skins market for many years, have created and maintained such projects steamtrade.net, skinwin.com and case.club. our advantage that right after the ico, skincoin (skin) will integrated into our and our partners' game projects that include skin trading. skincoin (skin) tokens are released based the ethereum blockchain platform. all proceeds from the release tokens the ico shall used finance further development, support, marketing new gaming projects: trading platforms and gaming services associated with items from games like cs:go, dota and team fortress what are the skins? skins are virtual items that can used games like counter-strike: global offensive (cs:go), dota team fortress the term "skin" derived from the typical function these virtual items: changing the appearance player's in-game avatar, weapons, equipment. for example: below image the "stock" gun used weapon cs:go. players can opt replace that stock gun with unique skins the gun that change the appearance the gun, shown the images. cs:go gun without skin and with skin note that the skins not improve the functionality power the gun. the skin only changes the appearance the gun. skins play purely cosmetic role. the cs:go market the primary one and holds the industry, will further focus this game. how the skins market emerged the skins market began grow and develop rapidly after valve introduced opportunity exchange and sell skins other players. player could use the skin the game itself, installing for his character; sell trading platform pass another player means exchange gift via steam's api. great number players wanted profit from the skins' liquidity selling exchanging the items was the stock market. rare and unique skins acquired status collectors' skins and now their price may exceed the amount $,. today there are several ways getting skin cs:go: receiving them during gameplay; receiving them promotional giveaway (often around major cs:go events); trading with other players; purchasing skins variety marketplaces. not only the opportunity show off unique skin the game made the skins popular, but also the possibility using them payment method plenty video game websites. originally, was only allowed sell the skins the official steam trading platform, however the problem was that was impossible withdraw money from the platform. the money received from selling the skins steam could only used buy other skins other games the same platform. the problem was solved many emerging services which offered more convenient and attractive options using the skins, thus forming new market outside steam. besides, impulse for the skins market development and their popularity was given various gaming services. accepting the skins payment method, they soon became popular, gained their huge loyal audience, increased the demand for the skins enormously and brought this market new level. this how works: players "deposit" skin skin-gaming site transferring the skin the skin gaming site; they gamble using their deposited skins (or some sort internal currency that the player receives exchange for their skin); they win, they're paid additional skins, which they "cash out" requesting that the skin gaming site transfer skins back the player. author: chris grove. gambling industry analyst, partner narus advisors, and senior consultant eilers krejcik gaming. the size the skins market and its trends recent years, esports games have gained immense popularity and were covered major media. the most popular games are cs:go and dota they are also the most profitable the market. last major tournament the national wide arena (where the nhl blue jackets play) http://www.esportsbettingreport.com/wp-content/uploads///a-guide-to-skin-gambling.pdf april generated more than million online views four days. huge number games and tournaments are broadcasted streaming services such twitch and youtube. each day more than thousand people play cs:go simultaneously, for dota this figure more than thousand people. picture illustrated statistic --_- the number players and people who have bought these games grows every year. the beginning there were million them dota and only million cs:go (according ars technica). now, according steam spy, more than million users have installed dota and more than million cs:go. statistic from steam spy, look column owners narus advisors reports, the size the market amounted about billion this the total sum bets made skins players all over the world. according eilers&krejcik, more than million people have made their bets the results esports games with skins worth billion during despite the fact that this kind bets can hardly considered mainstream compared with the cryptocurrency market, the growth the skin gambling market really fascinating: more than compared the market for skin gambling distributed across handful dominant products. sportsbook-style betting (wagers esports matches) the largest vertical. the second most popular jackpot-style games, essentially lotteries where players receive tickets based the value their deposited skins. simple forms roulette games, coin flip games, and blackjack games make much the remaining turnover. terms market participants, the skin gambling industry grew quickly from handful hundreds sites the course year. the vast majority those sites were variations the basic jackpot product theme. ultimately, believe the bulk handle the skin gaming industry http://steamspy.com/app/ was generated roughly fifteen sites. google trends proves strong demand the skins market and the growth interest this market. the skins market problems and their solutions what problems are there the skins market? valve corporation launched service for steam users exchange in-game items for games with built-in economy. the washington state gambling commission demanded that valve developers stop supporting gambling related games' items and the steam platform. the government organization that manages all gambling activities the state where valve located said that gabe newell's company "has until october respond and explain how full compliance with washington's gambling laws will risk having the gambling commission take additional civil criminal action against the company." according the press release, the organization contacted valve february find solution for the problem betting skins when users used virtual items, like gambling chips casino, instead real money. the legal sports analytical agency published report the activities the largest portal cs:go lounge, which deals with betting events e-sports. according the report, from january august the site has accepted more than million skins worth about billion dollars. the average total cost bets one game was thousand dollars. july eric johnson, director marketing operations valve, published letter the steam website which stated that there link between valve corporation and online services using valve's system exchanging items for their own commercial purposes. johnson also said that valve never received any profit from the actions such sites. added also, that there was plug-ins for converting skins into real money steam. said that developers online casinos used the openid api and network calls similar those steam users conduct their business, which contradicts the terms the steam subscriber agreement. was announced that valve was going send out warning letters all identified sites this kind. august valve made newsletter popular sites that use skins bets. some the gambling sites switched skins trading bets with virtual currency, not violating the steam subscriber agreement. particular, the largest gambling portal cs: lounge received ban from valve the skin gambling activity. the end september the portal resumed its activity introducing the system inner currency the form coins (points), which does not violate the policy steam. how suggest solve these problems there solution this problem. lot video game websites began adopt new business model introducing the system inner currency coins (points). the skins are exchanged for particular number points and the bets are made not with skins but with points, which doesn't break the law the steam subscriber agreement. use the points their websites, one has first change them into skins inner store. any time the player can change his points into the skins and withdraw them from the website. but the changed business model led another problem the skins market. the points from one platform can't used outside this platform, other sites exchange services will not accept them. the value points outside one particular platform equal zero. this adds unnecessary steps and makes the trading process more complicated. introducing the cryptocurrency skincoin into the gaming industry solve the problem convenience and safety when comes the gaming services. this will protect all types gaming platforms well exchange services from valve claims and blocking accounts steam. cryptocurrency skincoin does not qualify payment method the usual sense. this protects skincoin from claims the regulatory and other governmental institutions. for introducing skincoin into the current gaming system are going launch service with convenient api for the immediate exchange skins into skincoin and vice versa. the exchange website there will huge range the skins exchange. using the api our exchanging service, third party websites will able accept skincoin payment method, gradually replacing the skins turnover. all the transactions the gaming websites will skincoin and the website owners won't have maintain their stores filled with skins keep their site efficient. competitive advantages lot cryptocurrencies have been created the market. mainly these cryptocurrencies are offered used under one service product. what the difference between skincoin and its equivalents? skincoin created change the current system video game services and replace the coins (points) different gambling services with skins trading operations. this can done thanks important quality: any skin can immediately exchanged for skincoin stated price and vice versa. the client will not have wait for the next suitable contractor appear for the deal. implementation skincoin universal coin for video game websites will greatly simplify the skins trading process. are going simplify the whole process interaction with websites implementing skincoin alternative points (coins) different gambling services. our team has rich experience creating and developing trading platforms for in-game items which will the base for launching the exchange service the skins and skincoin. since have launched the following projects: steamtrade (steamtrade.net) trading platform for in-game items from steam supported games: cs:go, dota team fortress steamtrade allows sell items "in few clicks". all purchased items are combined into one singular trade according the exchange offer from steam. thus the client doesn't have approve every single transaction which could suggest great difficulties for wholesale traders. our competitors don't have this solution yet. daily turnover: transactions. skinwin (skinwin.com) gaming platform with different types games. the bets can made with skins and their own points. daily turnover: transactions. caseclub (case.club) shop "random" skins for cs:go. the service allows "open" the cases from cs:go directly the website and use them the game once. this way "case opening" gained great popularity our team was the first one launch websites (case.club (former countershop.ru), dotashop.net) for opening cs:go and dota cases outside steam. before that was only possible open cases inside steam. daily turnover: transactions. you can see, are not launching the skincoin project from scratch. already have lot experience the development and promotion gaming services well strong team developers. tokens trading with skincoin planned implemented into the infrastructure our already operating projects. this will allow get the approved infrastructural demand for skincoin tokens. the most important competitors skincoin are: first blood (http://firstblood.io/) roundcoin (http://roundcoin.org/) both projects involve creating competitive modes and hosting games with the help blockchain. the problem these competitors that the decentralized matchmaking (competitive regime according which the winning side gets prize the form tokens) doesn't have the monetization the leading game services and trading platforms. we, the other hand, have ready backend and are able launch similar service couple months. however, the low monetization matchmaking services makes focus more global issues. you can see from the list above our product unique service which has not been implemented other market players. our distinction that not launch cryptocurrency for one particular product. are creating whole infrastructure for the trading skins which includes big number various services and monetization possibilities. potential partners skincoin: opskins (www.opskins.com) platform for cs: skins trading. potential partner for implementing skincoin. bitskins (https://bitskins.com) platform for cs: skins trading. has possibility accept payments btc. has its own api connector. potential partner for implementing skincoin. lootmarket (https://www.lootmarket.com) platform for cs: and dota skins trading. potential partner for implementing skincoin. csgo (https://csgo.tm/) biggest platform for cs: skins trading for the russian market. skin hunt (www.skin-hunt.com/) platform for cs: skins trading localized for the russian market. csgodep (www.csgodep.com/) service for matchmaking. potential partner for implementing bets skincoin. are creating system which all the platforms listed above will able participate united process trading. with the help our api system any platform will able quickly integrate the skincoin trading into their services. this will guarantee the raise total skins market liquidity and furthermore will lead the skincoin price increase. ico ico goals our idea create platform immediate exchange the skins for cryptocurrency which liquid asset that can further used skins speculative trading, replace the skins gaming services used conversion the income received from selling the skins. so, need the working capital for executing obligations sellers and buyers the skins, well the marketing capital which will allow operating the project scale. expect our project appealing for the members the crypto-community, who will able participate the market growth with their investments, well for the members the steam-community, who will take part building the new market infrastructure. ico parameters ico start date: june utc ico end date: july utc issuance skin tokens: token exchange rate: skins eth. minimum transaction amount: skin eth) maximum transaction amount: skin eth) bonuses: the first two days the participants will get tokens bonus bounty: tokens (,% issuance) total sale goal: eth minimal sale goal: eth token emission and distribution rules: million tokens) will available participants; million tokens) will remain the skincoin foundation until the official exchange launched, the tokens will used starting turnover exchange skins the market rate own current and partners projects, and will used form stable market and for further development over the next five years. tokens will stored wallet with multi-signatures; million tokens) will distributed among team members; all collected funds shall received and stored wallets with multi-signatures. ico allocation structure and marketing: marketing (max eth) development (max eth) scaling the service (max eth) the biggest part the attracted funds will spent marketing which necessary maximize the coverage the market with skin-tokens. case achieving the total sale goal the marketing budget will distributed follows: marketing youtube advertising (gaming bloggers and streamers) sponsoring esports tournaments advertising twitch, youtube-gaming, etc. streams platforms organisation esports tournaments with prize fund advertising relevant internet resources why contribute skincoin the number issued tokens limited skin. the additional emission tokens forbidden. all the unplaced tokens are destroyed. after the ico plan implement the payments skincoin steamtrade.net, skinwin.com, case.club, skin-hunt.com, csgodep.com. forecast that these platforms together will offer the demand the total cost the publicly traded tokens. forecast occupy the skins market share (approximately million). therefore, the demand for tokens can potentially outpace the value publicly traded tokens times. the purchase skincoin ico gives you opportunity enter the infrastructure project with twentyfold potential value growth low cost. after ico skincoin will available for purchase cryptocurrency exchanges (we are negotiating with bittrex). roadmap and development plan our main product under this ico creating exchange service change skins into skincoin and vice versa with convenient api for connecting the third party websites, that they can accept payments skincoin without having open and maintain their own stores. simplify the whole process the skins exchange and solve the problem the exchange speed well significantly expand the range the available skins. july are launching the first decentralized skincoin crypto currency for buying, selling skins, and gaming services. skincoin will solve the problem the diversity domestic currencies for gambling websites and the lack real value coins beyond their limits. july all our projects (steamtrade.net, skinwin.com, case.club and dotashop.net) will begin use skincoin, which will guarantee the demand for it. august launch the main platform for exchanging skincoin for skins. users will able instantly exchange skins for skincoin and back any time. after the launch the exchange platform, api will developed for receiving and converting skins skincoin (skin) for third-party websites, related cs: go, dota and team fortress after the api available for our partners are going focus the partners' base enlargement covered the budget and our competitive advantages. that will boost our market share and raise the demand for skincoin. some technical aspects the exchange service's api all the platforms that have connected the api our exchange service, will get opportunity quickly receive payments and make all transactions with the users skincoin. the user can top his balance the website and his exchange interface with the inventory will downloaded through the api. choosing the necessary number items the user immediately exchanges his skins via our service and transfer skincoin the balance the user our partner's website. right after this the user will able make all the transactions the third party website skincoin. the rate skincoin trading platforms and exchanges will calculated the median stock market rate the major cryptocurrency stock markets. the exchange rates skins will updated every hours. this done avoid clients' risks which has minimize abrupt changes the price. special wallet will created for convenient storage skincoin. with its help will easy transfer skincoin between different trading platforms, stock exchange, exchange points and game services. identification the exchange platforms will possible through the steam account. fact, the buyer will able buy skin with skincoin and immediately use the gaming process. besides, the instructions will created for the users and our partners, which will thoroughly describe the opportunities the skincoin project and how use them. team have experienced, well-organized team. since have been creating, developing and supporting our own highly loaded marketplace and gaming projects the cybersport area with turnover more than million per year. alexey zakharov (linkedin), founder graduated from humanitarian institute moscow specialist applied informatics economics. has been working hewlett-packard, merlion, open technologies. has extensive experience entrepreneur. has launched and brought payback more than seven projects the gaming area related the game items cs:go, dota since alexey the owner the cis largest platform for monitoring servers with more than thousand unique users day. excellent expertise grocery sales, marketing, seo and relationships with team. igor solomatin (linkedin), co-founder, ceo graduated from russian state technological university mati specialist radio and electronics engineering. had been working for three years data center engineer lukoil-inform, subsidiary russian oil giant lukoil. has extensive experience promoting products american company hewlett-packard the russian market. successful experience launching and promoting internet projects. starting from has been co-founder and ceo gaming projects related steam and the market game items (skins) with turnover more than million per month. alexander kravin (linkedin), leading architect-developer (full-stack) graduated from nizhny novgorod state technical university with engineer's degree information technology. highly experienced java developer with more than years the field complicated and highly loaded systems software development. developed applications for telecommunication companies, banks and state structures from scratch. since develops game services, applications for administration and monitoring. leading architect-developer steamtrade.net, skinwin.com. alexey bazlov (linkedin), developer (back-end) kuban state university's graduate with bachelor's degree it. since has been developing game servers for online games, working with the network part, interacting with the client-server, optimizing the work high-load projects. starting from has been working with steam projects. developer the skinwin.com and case.club projects. oleg agayev, developer (front-end) graduate two universities: lobachevsky state university nizhny novgorod and nizhny novgorod state technical university. eight years web development experience (full-stack developer). for long time held the position full-stack developer large corporate portal based the laravel and angularjs frameworks. great experience with developing popular gaming services adjacent the steam platform. platform developer steamtrade.net, skinwin.com, case.club. hasan delic (linkedin), designer (ui ux) student international university sarajevo (visual arts and communications design). has great experience ux/ui design esports industry. great vision design game industry. creator the skinwin.com, esportsmate.com, ninjas pyjamas, escape gaming, luckbox.