business whitepaper edition the following white paper consists information given for discussion purposes only and does not represent investment advice any kind. further, does not constitute offer sell shares securities nor does constitute solicitation buy such shares securities. none the information found within intended influence any investment decision nor should the basis investment decision any kind. investment advice for investment any security, any tax legal advice should only given investment advice firm, and skycoin not investment advice firm. skycoin encourages readers seek appropriate and independent professional advice inform themselves the legal requirements and tax consequences any investments they make, both within skycoin and within the blockchain industry whole. investments should only done with the help independent financial advisor within context the countries their citizenship residence, and their place business with respect the acquisition, holding trade skycoin any other tokens. please note that this white paper does not constitute offer sell, the solicitation offer buy, for any person for whom may unlawful participate token sale. those for whom unlawful participate should not participate. consult with your own lawyer accountant determine whether lawful for you participate this token sale. this white paper should way construed being intended create contract for investment. this white paper (edition may revised, with the newest edition always appearing our website. for each revision cycle, will provide notes what has changed the justification for the change. updated versions the white paper (as indicated consecutive edition numbers) may contain information which may override, clarify contradict previous editions, which case the latest version should considered the most accurate and date. because this, versions which are found outside the official skycoin website may contain out-of-date inaccurate information. the most up-to-date version the white paper can located online skycoin.net. table contents skycoin project overview................................................. introduction................................................................... project history................................................................ skycoin.......................................................................... features......................................................................... supply and distribution................................................... obelisk........................................................................... problems bitcoin other methodologies...................... the solution: obelisk consensus algorithm....................... coin hours..................................................................... skywire: the next internet............................................... the need for new internet........................................... skywire overview............................................................ skywire/meshnet diagram.............................................. communication protocol................................................ payment protocol........................................................... skyminer hardware platform........................................... technical specifications for skyminer........................... application ecosystem.................................................... fiber.............................................................................. cx/ cxo development framework................................... skysuite: native applications........................................... cxo diagram................................................................. skywire adoption plan..................................................... team founders.............................................................. team key investors and advisors.................................... appendix ....................................................................... resources ...................................................................... skycoin project overview skycoin entire ecosystem where cryptocurrency only part the story. the rest includes the elimination mining rewards, development energyefficient custom hardware, the realization transaction speeds that rival the likes visa, and the advancement more secure and private internet alternative. these achievements are result the robust components core the skycoin ecosystem: skycoin: fast and secure currency backed bandwidth. skywire: anonymous, decentralized mesh-internet. skyminer: hardware and access point for skywire. fiber: decentralized open blockchain network. skysuite: suite decentralized applications. architecture overview component skycoin repo bitcoin repo ethereum cxo repo ipfs, filecoin, bittorrent, mega, dropbox, google drive skywire repo mpls, ipv/ipv, openflow, tor, sky-messenger repo tor, telegram, skype, wechat, whatsapp bbs repo steemit, chan, facebook, twitter this whitepaper describes the skycoin ecosystem and how these five pillars fulfill the promise decentralization and more. enabling businesses and individuals worldwide safely and securely adopt blockchain technology. introduction centralization (web web created the internet servicer provider, delivering ultra fast internet over million people. this created sharing economies such uber, airbnb and ebay, allowing global commerce and distribution never before. the internet gave way seemless payments through the advent paypal and other e-wallets, allowing instant transactions and global remittance the touch button. these are all great things, but for one major flaw... centralization power. decentralization (web skycoin picks where existing protocols left off. implementing fast, scalable and truly decentralized blockchain platform that makes web reality. freeing from high internet bills, the control information and invasion privacy governments and corporations. skywire skywire and its privacy protocol users are provided with cheaper, faster, usercontrolled internet which they are rewarded for providing bandwidth other users. skywire net neutrality resolution and tool for private browsing that cannot traced controlled third parties. fiber fiber allows anyone, anywhere benefit from the next generation decentralized applications with lightning fast speed, stability and infinite scalability. skycoin skycoin makes free, decentralized payments possible within seconds, allowing truly decentralized global remittance speeds that could rival any established payments network e-wallet. skycoin creating the first fully scalable, protocol for the next generation decentralized apps, services and payments. ensure stability within the ecosystem, skycoin holders receive second currency called coin hours. skycoin also has fully functioning software and hardware outside its existing core components. skycoin wallets transact seamlessly. fiber adoption grows daily basis. the first generation hardware has already been built, with further generations the various components already production. project history what started audit into bitcoin's volatility, grew into six years writing (and rewriting and rewriting) resolve issues such duplicate coinbase outputs, signature immutability, transaction immutability, and the most critical: bitcoin's consensus algorithm (proof-of-work, pow). the time, through pow, miners competed add the next set transactions, block, the chain blocks racing solve difficult cryptographic puzzle. the first miner solution received reward and transaction fee. whereas many lauded and profited from this system proof, the auditing team could only see red flags. bitcoin's enormous computational energy requirement centralized the majority mining areas the world where electricity was cheap. one group particular grew out northern ukraine and formed entire bitcoin industry--equipped with mining pools, hardware, and exchanges--that gave way ghash.io, mining pool that would come control over total mining power (noble, this only one instance. the current state "decentralization"--three major mining pools all based china best and biggest bitcoin mining pools", and single producer asic mining hardware--was not satoshi nakamoto's intention. the skycoin team began their earliest work researching ways resolve the pow algorithm, another conflict over centralization heightened--the fight for net neutrality. internet service providers (isps) controlled the internet's physical architecture and could restrict quality service for network users based variable tiered pricing. addition, isps had the power exploit customers selling their information third parties (e.g. location, browsing history, contents unencrypted messages, etc.). this remains true even today. net neutrality and pow are outwardly two different issues, but skycoin's team saw the same fundamental flaw: system prone centralization. the research and development for skycoin would eventually lead critical foundations for skywire, truly decentralized mesh-internet that frees users from isp dependence. today's skycoin project has deployed multiple innovations (e.g. skycoin, skywire, fiber, etc) under the hands development teams worldwide. while still growing, the year skycoin intends make its formal introduction the public. skycoin features the cryptocurrency powering web the skycoin project one the oldest crypto projects development, and skycoin its first creation. built infrastructure project rooted the founding concept decentralization, skycoin runs completely different consensus algorithm, "obelisk" "web-of-trust." with obelisk, skycoin not susceptible the weaknesses pow and proof-of-stake (pos) lightning fast transactions take little seconds. with bottlenecks fees, skycoin faster than other cryptocurrencies and competitive with credit cards and apple pay. zero fees skycoin transactions cost coin hours, separate currency paid skycoin holders for each hour they hold coin. secure built from the ground golang, skycoin makes full use time-tested cryptographic standards ensure transactions can't tampered with. skycoin renders useless such threats attack, reversal, duplication, and malleability. private skycoin's transaction structure was designed seamlessly adopt the coinjoin protocol. once integrated, skycoin mixes transactions from multiple wallets ensure they are indistinguishable from one another. sustainable without the enormous computational energy requirement typical pow and pos processes, skycoin can run -watt cell phone processor. incentivized skycoin more than cryptocurrency. derives inherent value from the skywire mesh network. users earn and use skycoin for providing and consuming network resources. utility backed skycoin's practical application means backed real asset: bandwidth. supply distribution skycoin immutable. the total supply capped million, and coins cannot created destroyed. distribution open process. more coins reach the public, the rate distribution will slow. this approach puts skycoin the hands users and community members instead miners and speculators. our mission create new and better future for the internet through the skywire network. unowned distributable coins will into supporting longterm network growth (e.g. subsidizing more users build nodes). because this growth-oriented approach, skycoin does not need large upfront fund. the time writing, there are million undistributed skycoin, and they cannot distributed until the first million (%) have been distributed. for every year after the first are distributed, another unlocks. distribution beyond the initial hard-coded into protocol and timelocked that coin distribution stays below the maximum. creating hard-coded, time-locked distribution policy, skycoin ensures several things: fair process that does not deviate from the team's original intent, rate distribution aligned with user growth, and the protection against inflation. obelisk obelisk, skycoin's unique consensus algorithm, central the entire skycoin infrastructure. web-of-trust consensus changes the way understand and use blockchain technology. removes the need for costly mining resources, eliminates the vicious cycle mining incentives, exponentially improves transaction speeds, and delivers greater security. bitcoin's problems and the weaknesses proof-of-work bitcoin's early programming, there was fundamental miscalculation that the mining process would produce economic incentive structure conducive decentralization. instead, pow has concentrated influence among mining pools that can supply the resource intensive miners with cheap power. these same groups influence can orchestrate widespread changes the network (e.g. forks). satoshi nakamoto himself identified mining-control the biggest noncryptographic threat the bitcoin network due the possibility attacks when more than percent the hashing power confined one actor. this also implies that the operation the network both economically and environmentally inefficient. according energy researcher sebastiaan deetman (), "if the bitcoin network keeps expanding...it could lead continuous electricity consumption...[equivalent to] the total consumption of...denmark the continuous input processing power required the mining process also incurs monthly costs the tens millions. there little sustainability. the enormous mining costs can only offset exponential influxes new capital and new users. however, few coins outside bitcoin and ethereum have the rapport sustain such growth. the centralizing tendency proof-of-stake although pos algorithms tackle the security issue attacks, they are arguably even more vulnerable centralization than pow networks. with pos, the size participant's holdings the particular cryptocurrency (or "stake") determines their voting power for technical changes the network. participants also get mine portion equivalent their stake regardless processing capability. this principle significantly increases the economic barriers launching attack. the financial cost acquiring the majority network's tokens the open market likely exceeds the potential gain. furthermore, attacker successfully becomes the majority stakeholder the network, they will suffer most from the attack due impact network stability and market response. although raises the barrier human-led attacks the network, pos creates centralizing impulse equal pow. with pow, voting the implementation technical changes the network "is divided among miners, developers, and other crucial members the community," (young, whereas pos system gives "major stakeholders...a technical ability make any changes they like without considering the will the community, businesses, miners and developers. this centralization voting power and, essentially, control the network defeats the purpose distributed ledger-based cryptocurrency since contradicts its entire principle distributing all elements within the network avoid the presence central authority." (young, the solution: obelisk distributed consensus algorithm tackle this centralization problem, skycoin uses distributed consensus algorithm, obelisk. obelisk distributes influence over the network according web-of-trust. instead miners, the web consists nodes (e.g. computers, skyminers, etc.) and each node subscribes list trusted nodes. nodes with more subscribers hold more influence the network. each node assigned personal blockchain that acts "public broadcasting channel," where its every action publicly recorded and visible. all consensus decisions and communication occur through the personal blockchains each node, the community can easily audit nodes for cheating collusion--without compromising privacy. the nodes are addressed their cryptographic public key and node's address only known the nodes directly connected to. furthermore, there are fixed ports and known plain text wire format. the public record left each node's personal blockchain allows the network react defections severing connections with less trustworthy malicious nodes. under the same principle, the community feels that power within the network too concentrated (or not concentrated enough), the community able shift the balance power collectively changing their trust relationships. the accountability nodes the community and party audits well the transparency consensus strengthens collective decision-making, and introduces highly democratic and decentralizing element the network. (see appendix for further reading and technical proof.) obelisk's consensus solutions high scalability and low energy consumption the consensus algorithm was designed scalable and computationally inexpensive alternative pow, enabling both the algorithm and block-making run budget hardware. centralization becomes more difficult when more people have access. robust defense against coordinated attacks obelisk can withstand large-scale coordinated attack well-organized network malicious nodes. the algorithm non-iterative, converges fast, can run sparse network with only nearest-neighbor connectivity (e.g. mesh network), and works well the presence cycles the connectivity graph (i.e. dag-type connectivity not required). protecting against the "-percent attack" web-of-trust consensus prevents the development centralized power. skycoin does not rely mining incentives, and therefore not susceptible the same pow/pos vulnerabilities. the unlikelihood that enough resources have been pooled disrupt the network, will have little effect network users. the intruder would still need the private key someone the transaction chain any damage. there transaction malleability skycoin. addition, the public record each node, including intruders, ensure its swift severance from the network upon detection. hidden addresses the nodes are addressed their cryptographic public key. node's address only known the nodes directly connected to. independence clock synchronization the algorithm does not use "wall clock" (i.e. calendar date/time). instead, block sequence numbers extracted from validated consensus and blockchain related messages are used calculate node's internal time. this can informally called "block clock." two type nodes exist: consensus and block-making consensus node receives its input from one more block-making nodes. the algorithms are separate for each, but they both operate the same data-structures. both type nodes always perform authorship verification and fraud detection incoming data. fraudulent invalid messages are detected, dropped, and never propagated--peer nodes engaged suspicious activities are severed, and their public keys are banned. coin hours skycoin transactions not incur fees. transaction fees, similar block rewards that incentivize miners drive fees the cost the network, only create monetary incentives with adverse effects eliminating transaction fees. instead, skycoin transactions cost coin hours--not skycoin. earn coin hours, users simply hold skycoin order participate the ecosystem web for each skycoin held address per hour, its owner nets coin hour. therefore, holding skycoin for hour generates coin hours. beyond transaction fees, coin hours increase transaction privacy within the skycoin coinjoin infrastructure acting collateral for mixing. this prevents participants from backing out slowing down coinjoin transactions. prevent inflation and support fair use, only maximum million coin hours are produced each hour. each transaction will burn the accumulated coin hours attached the coin outputs being spent the transaction, rounded up. this creates scarcity and limits the number coin hours circulation equilibrium value. hardware wallets hardware wallets are physical electronic devices designed securely store cryptocurrency funds. they are designed isolate private keys from online environments; hacker would have physically take the device access the private keys. multiple options various price points currently exist support different cryptocurrencies and user preferences. skycoin believes that hardware wallets are the most secure means storing coins. order maximize adoption, skycoin will soon supported several popular hardware wallets addition producing its own. the skycoin hardware wallet will support dozens alternative coins well the ones fiber. this top the convenience already provided skycoin mobile and desktop wallets. skyminer the need for new internet the internet has long been tool for personal empowerment and platform for business innovation. however, the internet today has not scaled meet the needs businesses and consumers. the very basic level, more than half the world offline (taylor, due lack infrastructure well the cost barrier connectivity and devices. however, when million people survive less than usd per person per day (poverty and shared prosperity the market that has determined who gets access and who does not. because consumers have pay the prices that internet service providers (isps) dictate, the market has done its work connecting wealthier nations, where argument for revenue can easily made. persuasive the revenue opportunity developed nations, that does not mean internet access comes unrestricted. network users and isps have long had contentious relationship--providers make the rules, and consumers pay obey them. recent events have culminated the repeal net neutrality, followed plenty public protest. yet regardless whether consumers successfully fight the repeal not, does not change their dependence isps for vital service. even businesses, bodies that sit the very top the revenue argument, have voiced their dissent. however, businesses face another issue with the existing internet. leaders the forefront emerging technologies, their ambitions are bound the limitations bandwidth and quality service (qos). use cases include: mobile augmented virtual reality autonomous vehicles internet things (iot) networking capability one the last remaining barriers preventing adoption these and other emerging technologies. bandwidth requirements will continue rise media standards increase quality and more devices become connected. latency, redundancy, and other qos considerations will become ever more important ensure operational safety iot technology plays more critical role human life. history has shown inevitable cycle innovation. when service cannot meet the needs those they serve, consumers will eventually respond kind. necessity the mother innovation and few things are more necessary now than new, decentralized internet--skywire. skywire's minimal requirements lower the barrier entry. its state decentralized mesh network means privacy, security, and independence. its speed and adaptability creates boundless room for innovation. but more importantly, skywire distributes the power long held small central body. skywire overview the skywire project aims create incentivized mesh network that faster, more affordable, more accessible, and offers higher qos than the current internet. for mesh network meet these goals, must have communication protocol that avoids the limitations transmission control protocol/ internet protocol (tcp/ip) communication protocols. payment protocol that compensates operators for the resources they provide the network. hardware platform capable spanning the last mile and providing the networking, storage, and computing resources needed scale the network. application ecosystem that drives adoption the network and demand for network resources. the skywire team has spent nearly four years developing robust solutions meet these requirements. skywire's routing and payment protocols are ready today. first generation hardware units are complete and have shipped consumers. development applications (both third-party and native) full swing. all the pieces are place and skywire ready build the next, better internet. skywire/meshnet client runs vpn client vpn tunnels traffic back legacy ip/ip internet all client traffic tunneled through tun/tap adapter vpn client connects server over skywire source routing avoids hot potato bgp routing and allows route selection dos criteria skywire nodes are identified their public key skywire nodes are connected over fixed, mesh, point point topology connection between nodes called transport nodes can initiate packet forwarding rules, called route. nodes receive consume coins based upon their usefulness and balance resources consumed and produced. scale invariant. operates multiple length scales. countries, cities, factories internal home networks and internet things (iot). nodes can initiate packet forwarding rules, called route. multi-hop data transmission helps prevent resource exhausting attack, such ddos. nodes use skycoin acquire, retain and ration network resources. network source-routed and supports multihoming network supports different routes meet application quality services (qos) requirements. skycoin applications run their own network and use independent namespace. communication protocol almost all internet traffic today uses the transmission control protocol/ internet protocol (tcp/ ip) communication protocols. these protocols are over years old, and are not well suited for mesh network. tcp interprets any packet loss signal network congestion and automatically scales back connection speed alleviate congestion. additionally, ip-based routing slow and computationally expensive due each node having independently look where send the packet next. the skywire communication protocol uses multi-protocol label switching (mpls) techniques enable highly-scalable and high-performance transport any data across any medium. with mpls, routes through the network are determined prior sending traffic. outbound packets receive nested labels that describe their route through the network. when node receives packet, simply reads the outermost label and takes the corresponding action. this requires vastly less computational effort than routing table lookups. the current internet incentivizes isps dump their traffic onto other networks soon they can through so-called "hot potato routing." this good for isps but not good for traffic sent over the network. hot potato routing can lead greatly increased latency due the increased number hops. skywire circumvents this issue completely. source nodes using skywire will always prefer send their traffic over routes with low latency, cost, and hop count. this creates economic incentive for efficient network topology because the rewards for operating node scale with the amount traffic forwarded. additionally, source nodes have complete control over routing and can modify routing protocol suit their needs. common scenarios include: optimizing for lower latency network paths for voip gaming optimizing higher throughput network paths for video and file sharing bundling routes for redundancy, reduced latency and throughput skywire's communication protocol also provides privacy and security advantages over tcp/ip. each node packet's route can only see the previous hop and the next hop for that packet--not the source, destination, content. this significant improvement over ipv, where anyone handling packet can see both the destination and source. nodes the skywire network are uniquely identified their public key hash instead address. this renders man-in-the-middle attacks impossible since source node can verify the authenticity the destination through its public key. because skywire end-to-end encrypted, those who host traffic will not know what the traffic is. comparison, similar concept exists hosting tor exit node. however, tor exit node will store copies the data the host's system, leaving the host vulnerable unfavorable legal situations. node suspected malicious activity, can blacklisted and therefore banned from reconnecting the host. payment protocol all current internet alternatives have one critical flaw: they are operated unpaid volunteers. this leads situations where the majority users access network resources without providing anything return. skywire solves this problem with its embedded payment protocol. with this protocol, every node effectively acts micro-isp capable automatic metering, billing, and settlement. nodes want forward traffic and receive subsidies (i.e. skycoin and coin hours). this the equivalent "mining" skycoin and how many users will earn their first coins. each node route records the volume traffic relays and the origin node records the volume traffic sends. bandwidth payments are automatically and periodically settled through blinded escrow system. the origin node holds coins escrow with third party. pseudonym account created with the third party. each node can verify the reputation the origin and its payment ability through the third party, without learning the identity the party. from the third party's perspective, all nodes will appear multiple unlinked pseudonym accounts. small transactions will settled internally, off-blockchain transactions. the off-blockchain transactions can withdrawn into newly generated, never-before-used address once the balance exceeds threshold (currently skycoin). this reduces blockchain bloat and encourages micro-transactions performed off-blockchain. see appendix for additional information skywire. application ecosystem fiber fiber launchpad for scalable, secure, and decentralized applications parties--a necessary solution more businesses seek adopt blockchain architecture. with better speed, better security, and better privacy, blockchain can finally reach its potential reliable, lightning-fast, versatile foundation for modern business. through fiber, each coin has separate blockchain that fully customizable their needs and equipped with all the benefits skycoin technology: low energy consumption near-instant transaction times transaction fees because each company has their own blockchain, they not face the congestion issues seen platforms such ethereum's erc-. this removes limitations that currently prevent many businesses from embracing blockchain technology. for example, energy companies are legally bound stringent operation guidelines (e.g. transaction speeds, reporting, metering, etc.). both business value and legal obligation, they cannot risk operations grinding halt due traffic from unrelated organizations. with fiber, this issue completely avoided. companies have already begun adopting fiber the foundation for their blockchain solutions: spaco spaco decentralized service built fiber, running storage and data transfer, peer-to-peer encrypted internet browser with built anti-spam and versatile user-controlled feed filtering, well secure future applications custom site-creation, shopping, games, video, and much more. mydailylife (mdl) talent hub mdl aims build trustchain for the trillion entertainment industry. the mdl platform features unique prosumer-based ecosystem marketplace and micro-kol (key opinion leader) partnership programs raise revenue. cx/ cxo development framework the skycoin ecosystem includes its own programming language and immutable object system. these provide the foundation for application logic and data distribution the skywire network. programming language the programming language was developed the skycoin team deterministic language that can build more than just smart contracts, while also providing greater security and versatility. can used create decentralized applications, video games, and program fpga chips. for technical audiences, detailed overview the language can found the skycoin blog (see appendix). object system (cxo) the distributed content sharing protocol cxo enables peer-to-peer replication structured data that can only modified the publisher. with cxo, publisher creates data feed and signs with their private key. other nodes can subscribe this data feed, making available the broader network. other nodes however cannot alter the data feed without the publisher's private key, and therefore ensuring data integrity can trusted even the file not directly downloaded from the publisher's original node. effect, cxo combines the immutability associated with blockchain and the scalability content distribution network (cdn). this useful cases where content needs easily available and verifiable, but not necessarily stored the blockchain. for example, storing all the content for social media platform directly the blockchain would lead bloat the platform gains adoption. using cxo store and distribute the content completely avoids this issue. skysuite: native applications the skycoin team developing suite self-contained applications that run natively the skywire network. combination with third-party applications, these drive more demand-generating services the skycoin ecosystem. some the applications currently development include skymessenger, client; skycoin bbs, social media platform; cryptosphere, vpn client; and kitty cash, ambitious successor the wildly popular cryptokitties game. cxo publisher controls data store contents and can update contents root objects signed publishers private key sequence number for updating data store contents directory object ... inode root object unit seq directory href:x, schema directory directory object ()href, ()directory ()href, files url route, cxo://pubkey_a/directory_/filename file objects control static data, like website, css, javascript files, json objects are identified and fetched sha hash files will not re-download unless changed, thus saving network bandwidth and speeding content delivery directory object ... file object data ()byte ... file object data ()byte ... skyminer hardware skyminers are custom-built hardware vpn units that provide the computing power, networking capability, and storage capacity necessary for the skywire network's infrastructure backbone. the skycoin ecosystem designed accessible everyone, regardless their means technical knowledge. skyminers are major driver that accessibility. their low-cost hardware and energy efficiency make them relatively cheap buy and run. "plug and play" functionality currently the works that nontechnical users can easily deploy their own nodes. keeping with the skycoin project's open-source roots, full skyminer part lists and assembly guides will available anyone who would like build their own. technical specifications for skyminer custom pcb boards -port openwrt router ram ddr) arm cortex (tm)-a cpu class- micro hexa-core mali gpu lan bandwidth: mbps gigabit ethernet, port switch -bit linux (alpine linux) unit production capacity the skycoin team already ramping production skyminers. post mainnet, skycoin plans have factory producing units per week with plans scale factories producing units per week hardware research and development there are two main areas r&d for skyminers. first the antenna hardware. the team developing two main antenna variants: short-range (up with clear line-of-sight) antenna for point-to-point access urban areas long-range (up km) antenna connect sparsely populated communities these antennas will use multiple-input and multiple-output (mimo) signaling maximize performance and effective range. order accommodate the needs global customer base, the antennas will have two power configurations: low-power antenna built comply with fcc regulations and similar international regulations regarding unlicensed transmissions (cfr, title part high-power antenna for geographies that allow them first generation skywire antenna units are testing phases now with availability anticipated for mid-. the second r&d focus area the components the skyminer itself. two the initial development priorities for the team are multi-terabyte storage arrays and specialized fpga chips capable decrypting traffic orders magnitude faster than the first-generation skyminer components. the team plans partner with hardware suppliers build optimized hardware without sacrificing affordability. skywire adoption plan when fully deployed, skywire provides direct access the internet backbone. order achieve this, skywire must provide: short-range connectivity between nodes densely populated regions long-range wireless connectivity sparsely populated regions backhaul connections the fiber backbone these goals are achievable with existing technology. skywire will use phased approach roll out the network. phase testnet the first phase already underway. software-based testnet has been live since late the first skyminer units, the time called skyminers, have shipped, and the hardware-based testnet will begin late the testnet allows the team ensure skywire ready for broader adoption. operators official skyminers and select diy operators will receive skycoin for their participation the testnet. this phase, the network functions overlay--traffic between skywire nodes must travel over the existing internet unless the nodes are directly connected over ethernet wifi. phase mainnet the second phase marks the official launch the mainnet and the beginning real mesh network capabilities. skywire nodes will connect each other over wifi and share bandwidth. both short-range and long-range wireless antennas will become available during this phase, enabling node peering over distances and km, respectively. this stage, the market for bandwidth will not self-sustaining critical mass, therefore the skycoin foundation will temporarily subsidize node operations. incentive for early adopters, daily allotment skycoin will distributed evenly among the total number nodes operation. the number nodes increases, this subsidy will naturally decline and rewards from usage will grow. eventually, the reward structure for operating node will result entirely from usage. phase backhaul backhaul traditionally refers the portion the network that connects the network edge and the main backbone. skywire, backhaul refers the connection between the wireless meshnet and fiber connection point. establishing skywire backhaul connections more involved than establishing peer-to-peer connections since requires setting direct connection fiber colocation data center other network point presence. because the nodes that facilitate backhaul connections aggregate traffic into the internet backbone, they will require more upfront investment and hardware capacity than typical node the meshnet. current tier network operators who own fiber connections can easily set their own skywire equipment support these backhaul connections, which provides them with method monetize otherwise unused bandwidth. once backhaul connections are implemented, the meshnet longer depends tier isps (e.g. comcast). for additional performance and redundancy, backhaul connections should established between many fiber locations possible. phase completes the implementation the skywire architecture, but the work means stops there. upgrades the network's hardware will constantly researched and developed. these upgrades will increase efficiency and performance, ensuring that the network can always meet demand. team founders takes extraordinary people extraordinary things. the skycoin team assembly the best and brightest create the future. synth founder synth, one the earliest developers behind bitcoin, started skycoin years ago with vision creating new, decentralized internet. sits the advisory boards several cryptocurrency projects. synth has background mathematics, distributed systems, and symbolic logic. houwu chen founder houwu one the creators behind ethereum, and the author the obelisk whitepaper which sits the heart our decentralized internet and currency. was formerly phd tsinghua university. team investors advisors michael terpin founder and ceo coinagenda michael terpin the founder and ceo transform group and the founder marketwired. early terpin co-founded bitangels, which gave birth the coinagenda conference series. also co-founded early blockchain incubator bcommerce labs and the dapps fund. currently, terpin heads the ico investment committee for the alphabit fund and advises numerous blockchain companies and foundations. terpin has led the efforts for more than blockchain companies and foundations. alphabit digital currency fund co-founded liam robertson, former currency trader hedge fund light peak capital london, alphabit million fund that operates cross between open-ended mutual fund and hedge fund. alphabit's previous investments include videocoin and stormx. tokenkey founded chris emms tokenkey specialized global team that provides assistance with blockchain projects, ranging from initial idea delivery, allowing teams remain project focused. their services cover assisting projects procure whitepapers and business plans, token economics, auditing and rating, structuring and compliance, corporate entity and legal, digital asset creation, advisory board, token issuance and exchange listing, custodial and escrow, marketing and pr, community management and bounty, and cryptocurrency trading and arbitrage. sharkcia marketing and strategy sharkcia cryptocurrency intelligence agency specializing the research, investing, and marketing blockchain-based companies. with members from around the world, sharkcia's experienced team provides growth-hacking, public relations, grassroots community outreach, strategic advisement roles and has helped propel relatively obscure projects towards wider recognition and increased market capitalization. appendix distributed consensus algorithm for cryptocurrency networks user johnstuartmill and anonymous user skywire: new internet overview resources best and biggest bitcoin mining pools november) bbc news. cryptokitties craze slows down transactions ethereum network. december bitcoin could consume much electricity denmark deetman, march the global findex database demirguc-kunt, a., klapper, l., singer, d., oudheusden, quick history cryptocurrencies bbtc before bitcoin. griffith, april identification for development annual report. two researchers think 'armageddon' nigh for bitcoin. noble, june poverty and shared prosperity how cable companies are stopping you from getting fiber smith, june percent the world's population now use the internet, study says. taylor, november proof-of-work proof-of-stake: merits and disadvantages. young, september skycoin.net