project white paper the ecological value chain smartshare internet things march statements: contents written the white paper can only served references for community users and technology followers, and during the development process, the version upgrading will protected with the refreshing and synchronized contents. please spread contents with accessory statements added. for more information please contact: hi@smartshare.vip catalogue abstract chapteri the overview industry and blockchain technology development and current situation for internet things the problems faced internet things industry blockchain technology applied internet things industry chapter technical architecture and advantages smartshare system architecture smart chip smartagent the public smartshare chain smart contract dapp data asset platform chapter iii commercial modes and project applications industry applications smart hardware the application the shared economy internet things data and asset transaction application internet things the terminal asset transaction internet things chapter product and project planning product planning project process and planning route-map and milestones chapter introduction ssp token introduction ssp token the value ssp token the assignment planning ssp token chapter smartshare team and foundation core team advisors foundation chapter vii contact contact method abstract smartshare intelligent and credible decentralized blockchain technology platform designed reshape the value ecosystem and data value the internet things. currently, the internet things terminals and the resulting volume data are increasing. for the internet things enterprises, the pressure innovation their business models becoming more and more urgent. does not only mean improve the well-known framework the public simplify the original business models but also gain competitive advantages from the new technology and new opportunities. therefore, think that the internet things enterprises need fundamentally change their traditional way value creation and value acquisition. the other hand, more and more data are generated the terminal equipment and joint behaviors human beings and terminals, but the value and ownership data are never really assigned, evaluated, quantified and used. users, producers data, have never owned and benefited from it, and the data value has been separated into isolated islands without effective interworking mechanism. smartshare think that the data generated the joint behaviors users and terminals one the most valuable data human life. smartshare will realize the reconfiguration ecological value together with the right and transaction data value the internet things industry through the public blockchain technology and solutions the internet things intelligent terminal industry. smartshare's products and technologies will implement the following three phases: first, smartshare creating public chain industry values and building value ecosystem for the internet things. smartshare develops decentralized value-based public chains based the characteristics the internet things (iot) industry and supports variety industry applications. provides hardware adaptations such smart chips and sdks, combines cryptography, distributed architecture, and the adoption dpos consensus backbone, build secure and decentralized blockchain network that supports high concurrency. second, the decentralization the data trading platform and the value circulation the terminal data will realized. smartshare will solve the data value problems the iot terminal and realize the users' data rights and value trading via the decentralized trading platform, besides, will protect the data value users and devices. third, smartshare aims achieve the interconnection all things and terminal value trading. the interconnected network, the blockchain used decentralize the trusted environment and realize the value exchange among the terminals. finally, the vision smartshare use blockchain activate the huge iot industry. both people and terminals become the components smartshare blockchain network, forming value-based economic community based terminals, service, and data usage rights and ownership the trading vehicle. chapter the overview industry and blockchain technology development and current situation for iot the internet connects people from all over the world form virtual online world. connecting people, countless information and resources will flow quickly, create new wealth, and form new economy. however, iot regarded the extension internet, connecting "everything" through sensors, rfid (radio frequency identification) technologies, and other technologies. although the internet has transformed the traditional economy and brought new vitality, the virtual world and the real world still have obstacles. the iot expands the "connection" open the virtual world and the real world, forming new world "all things connected". each device iot can act independent business entity, sharing capabilities and resources with other devices very low transaction costs. the iot, each device can report its status, such the smart watch, smart bracelet, and even the refrigerator your family. these devices can collect and transmit data through the internet form our big data world. the global marketing scale for iot has reached billion dollars, year-on-year increase the global iot device market expected reach us$. billion. the compound growth rate will reach from the number new iot devices accessed will increase from billion units billion units. the problems faced internet things industry with the continuous advancement technology, the development and application iot technology has achieved remarkable results recent years.however, the internet things technology also faced with many problems and challenges, and several key problems are followings: *the waste terminal resources and incomplete usage numerous iot facilities have resulted idle resources. many iot vendors and users not benefit from iot data and terminals. *it difficult form valuable ecological system; although more and more terminals have solved the usage requirements users, iot enterprises lack operating mechanism and capacity. this leds the phenomenon that there way maintain user ecosystem, form the incentive system, establish the positive recycling eco-system between manufacturers and users. *the deficiency the centralized system, that is, any equipment short mutual trusting mechanism. all equipment needs checked with the data iot center. once the database collapses, will cause great losses the entire iot. *plenty valuable data created users idle stolen. most the centralization networking platform terminal equipment enterprises service providers have the authority collect and analyze user data and control user equipment without user authorization, which poses great threat user privacy and security. blockchain technology applied internet things industry blockchain technology, also known distributed ledger technology, internet database technology, that characterized decentralization, openness, and transparency that everyone can participate database records. after the smart protocol technology appears, the blockchain evolves from the logger information the executor the transaction. low-cost, automated transaction can significantly reduce the cost value exchange and combine with the iot develop the unimaginable scenarios blockchain technology can not only provide suitable solutions for recording data from all iot units but also guarantee the data cannot modified after being recorded. response the problems faced the current iot industry, blockchain technology will applied solve the following problems: ()the distributed ledger guarantees that the data not tampered with and uniqueness. ()smart protocols ensure the transaction reliable and high-efficient. the transmitting and storing architecture distributed data should peer peer. the data under the distributed environment should protected via the encryption and authentication mechanism. smartshare will establish blockchain ecosystem based the iot value flow core requirement. smartshare subverts the existing iot industry-centric trading platform through blockchain technology, and uses ssp token realize the quantification and value circulation the terminals and data the platform enhance the ecological value the iot.meanwhile, iot industry value chain, smartshare combines various scenarios the internet things industry for in-depth coverage and applications, and applies blockchain technology more new businesses. chapter technical architecture smartshare smartshare system architecture the smartshare system architecture composed the iot layer, access layer, main chain, contract layer, and application service layer. descriptions the system architecture iot layer: smartshare in-depth cooperation with the iot vendors order enhance the use terminal value for the benefit the premise sharing, continuing build cooperative ecological chain. access layer: smartshare provides series smart chips, sdks, and apis help developers access blockchain networks and build decentralized applications. main chain: the main chain smartshare optimizes the dpos consensus, greatly improving performances and meeting the high concurrency environment the iot. contract layer: smart protocols are applied iot implement commercial contracts. according different application scenarios, smart protocol modules that can automatically execute preset logic can selectively added. application service layer: developers can develop and submit dapp according the application development rules and business conduct guidelines the cloud chain platform and follow the relevant regulations. smart chip smartagent the built special security chip. the block diagram follows: the designed and implemented based dedicated security chip, providing better security and performance power consumption characteristics. the external dimensions can also smaller. more conducive system integration. the hardware-level trusted computing system improves the overall trust level the shared network and provides reliable basis for the development the shared network. smartshare connects the entire ecosystem through shareagent. each smartshare node has one and only one shareagent (hereinafter referred sa) built dedicated smart chip. the core functions the include: node authentication, node asset management, service measurement and distribution control, service price evaluation, and service billing settlement. smartshare connects these nodes via achieve shared value exchange. node authentication the authenticates the legitimacy the shared node. security element for the shared network authentication, the already has the basic legality the shared network grant. the same time, for the nodes the nature electronic information equipment, also undertakes the function identifying the legitimacy the system equipment related the node. node asset management the serves electronic wallet, which responsible for receiving, paying, and storing node's digital currency assets. the also responsible for managing other assets owned the node the shared network, for example, data assets stored the shared storage, shared service information being provided externally, etc. service descriptions representing the node, the provides the shared network the shared service information including service types, service definitions, etc. dealing with transaction behalf the nodes, the provides service quotations the shared network, including supply quotes and demand quotes. based the price one's own party and the price the service counter parties, matches the transactions the principle benefiting oneself within the scope the fair rules. service measurement and distribution control the cooperates with the shared network accurately measure the externally provided accepted services the node fair manner, records the unsettled service measurement information, and coordinates the process and steps the node provide receive services. for example, during the process sharing storage service, tasks such data transmission, confirmation, and routine health inspection data stored the node are coordinated. settlement based the established match trading contracts, the manages the settlement, transfer, etc. deposits, installment payments, and final payments. the public smartshare chain smartshare chain adopts dpos its consensus mechanism, and improves and optimizes itself. does not need spend extra computing power achieve the equity distribution after the production blocks. according the transaction status the network, can also dynamically determine whether the agent all nodes verify the results smart contracts. smartshare chain will publish token important economic tool for community incentive and consensus mechanisms. token-holders not only gain the access basic blockchain services such contract release and network forks, but also participate voting and gain token awards agent nodes. the holder each token called equity person, and the corresponding voting weight assigned accordance with the token holding quantity. the agent node selected the equity holder. the first agents with the highest number votes turn authenticate the transactions, and all the agent nodes determine the order which cannot tampered with. agent gains profits works normally and gets punishment otherwise. after optimization, this consensus mechanism can further enhance network trading capabilities. for example, for some smart contracts that take long time occupy large internal state space. the agent only packages the hash value the resulting transaction, and all nodes verify the hash value themselves. while verifying the smart contract quickly, the congestion the entire network reduced. addition, optimizations the consensus algorithm have also been achieved prevent the agent nodes from being fixed avoid gradually becoming centralized network. besides, smartshare chain supports the iot_coin protocol. each iot firm can issue its own token based this agreement. smart contract smartshare provides turing-complete smart contracts. iot firms can publish their own smart contracts and build their own value-added services based this. use modular design tools abstract and simplify the blockchain building modular virtual machine- lua virtual machine (hereafter referred lvm) run smart contracts. this design can bring two benefits. first, optimizes lvm performance directly improve contract execution efficiency and reduce the interference factors caused system coupling. second, weakens the relevance blockchain networks and smart contract operation status. even there are problems with contract execution the virtual machine runs abnormally, the stability the blockchain network can still guaranteed. data asset platform the interaction between people and terminals enables iot devices collect great deal data from physical world and life behavior. smartshare holds that the user the sole owner this data and advocates returning ownership and revenue back the user. the generation, storage, and transaction data need authorized the user and performed autonomously, and the distributed storage technology used protect user privacy and security. users have the right price data and conduct transactions. with the big data analysis technology, smartshare provides the matched data resources the data demanding parties who can only access the data after paying the token and obtaining the user's consent. smartshare data asset platform aims increase the value data and return the value data users. taking the car terminal example, the user will generate data such mileage and destination every day. after the user authorizes the consent, the data will recorded the main chain. the user can obtain token reward, and the data asset platform analyzes the data based data integration and ensures that the data real and effective. the analyzed data can provided data services for lending, insurance, etc. the demanding party uses the data pay certain amount token rewards the data provider, namely the users themselves. will greatly shorten the process establishing trust between users and enterprises, and greatly increase the efficiency cooperation. distributed application dapp distributed application (dapp) our user-oriented service that can applied our iot partners conduct business. long users have wallet, they can easily use these services. users can create transaction services, set transaction terms, and receive payments. buyers can view and obtain service information according required and purchase services with services-supported tokens (including ssp). dapp will provide full-featured services. all our code, protocols and specifications will open source, and hope that others will expand the code create more applications. chapter iii application scene smartshare iot intelligent hardware ecology application smartshare provides decentralized block chain technology platform for data sharing for the intelligent terminal the iot. for the problems idleness intelligent terminal and difficulties ecologicalization, smartshare makes use original smart chip smartagent and token mechanism activate the application value the products and shared ecology the data. the smartshare foundation will form shared cooperative alliance support variety hardware and software devices. the development protocol supports the introduction the third development teams and will continue apply smartshare wider range application scenarios. present, smartshare has carried out ecological cooperation with manufacturers which includes routers, robots, air purifiers, speakers and many other categories. iot digital currency asset for individuals companies that have different digital asset distribution requirements for different iot application platforms, smartshare asset-based smart contract-iot_coin can quickly publish digital currency and apply businesses. iot sharing economy application with the development and dissemination cloud computing, deep learning and blockchain technology, people's demand for computing power has become more and more urgent. more and more enterprises are enhancing their computing power the horizontally expanding the form the computer room. fact, there computing power that wasted most our time, and the power computing comes from the electronic devices that are owned ourselves with essential importance our lives. these devices include personal computers and even smart phones. these smart devices will not achieve their performance when used time our daily life. contrast, can make full use the idle computing power the time, will very powerful computing resource. smartshare connects the whole ecology with the smart chip, and every smart chip smartshare installed the intelligent terminal independent node. via the smartshare chain, these intelligent terminals are linked together realize the exchange shared value. iot data transaction application take the terminal intelligent meteorological equipment example. the device equipped with various different spherical objects sensors. also equipped with sensors such temperature, humidity, light, air pressure, ultraviolet light and on, this way, the real-time weather conditions nearby can measured. users can start picture the real-time weather conditions after purchasing the equipment. more important that users can share these pictures through different channels and turn them into meteorologist among their friends. you like, you can post real-time weather conditions via wechat, micro-blog e-mail, and the entire process sharing very simple. this kind resource sharing driven pure interest. the user shares the data acquired the terminal spontaneously, but they not have obvious reward mechanisms, which leads the inactivity the frequency and extent data sharing. hence, the final effect sharing not reached. smartshare plans achieve strategic cooperation with the equipment manufacturers. the meteorological equipment terminals will accessed quickly through protocol support, and the value shared data the users will calculated through the intelligent contract items, this way, the token return could achieved. iot smart terminal asset transaction blockchain-based smart contracts include transaction processing and preservation mechanisms, well complete state machine for accepting and processing various smart contracts. the state processing and preservation transactions are done the blockchain. after the transaction and event information are disseminated into the smart contracts, the resource status the contract resource set will updated, which will trigger the smart contract perform state machine judgment. taking the parking iot lot smart terminal trading scheme example, the contract scheme defined smartshare adopted. both parking brake machines and vehicles can support the smart contract mechanism. the gate control devices brake machines can launch parking fee information and pay for the amount token the blockchain network. vehicles can automatically perform token settlement transaction with parking control devices, the whole process fast and efficient, and the transaction information recorded the chain. the vehicle itself intelligent terminal can also get token rewards through other contract tems such the data owned the trading vehicle itself, this way, ecological cycle positive token circulation has been formed. chapter product and project planning product planning nov. the initiating smartshare dec. the launch ecological programme smartshare smart hardware blockchain mar. the launch smart-chip smartagent mar. the launch smartshare eco.mall app mar. the launch smart hardware cooperation solution, establishing strategic cooperation with many smart hardware manufacturers promote various smartshare collaborative products. jun. the online launch smartshare chain beta jul. the launch wallet app smartshare chain aug. smartshare chain supports the launch and invocation smart contract well iot_coin protocol. sept. the launch data property platform, supporting data contract transactions dec. integrated solution for the blockchain apps the iot formed expand the ecological network. .project and ecological cooperation smartshare, taking the premise improving the terminal value usage and sharing, will have in-depth cooperation with the internet things manufacturers continuously build the cooperative ecological chain. until now, results the ecological alliance are follows: dec. the strategic cooperation with shenzhou digital chainbox established. jan. the strategic cooperation with mohuan health achieved, adding smart health products into the smartshare ecological circle. mar. the blockchain air purifier launched with three papas. mar. the cooperation with bhu technology made and new blockchain router launched. apr., strategic cooperation achieved with shenzhou digital, company listed hong kong stock exchange, launch smart sharing appliance -xkey may. strategic cooperation with cctv dengdeng robot made launch blockchain robot. sep. first self-developed smart product based blockchain sleep shell initiated. more members will join the alliance team continuously. the expected number the alliance manufacturers will surpass dec route-map and milestones xinheyun block chain laboratory the completion ssp protocol framework launch ssp token launch ssp protocol launch smartagent chip launch ssp eco-strategy cooperation with smart hardwares cooperation with smart hardwares build global blockchain based smart device sharing ecosystem chapter introduction smartshare token introduction token the token, issued smartshare, named ssp. the circulation the ssp token limited and the total number global distribution billion. the distribution plan ssp follows proportion distribution plan private placement foundation team ecological construction details for the project development, market expansion and promoted operation smartshare. this part fund will publicized regularly. for the follow-up development the foundation. within two years, the ecological participants will awarded according their participating time and contribution. the team will maintain the technology and operational development the smartshare, and the ssp will provided reward. this part token will locked intelligent contract and unlocked twelve months. for the mining smartshare the ecosystem the value token the ssp token, based the multiple intelligent hardwares within the shared ecological alliance smartshare, kind digital asset which relies ssp chain. the ssp token encourages users use smart hardware devices share idle resources. the same time, the user can attain the services intelligent hardware products conversion, functional upgrading, increment and content that provided the ecological partners through ssp. with the increasing number the distributed nodes, the smartshare network becoming more valuable and blockchain intelligent equipment alliance will constructed finally. chapter smartshare team and foundation core team frank chen founder master engineering chinese academy science, who conducted research work chinese academy telecommunication research. chen established qiandaibao core member, and qiandaibao was sold meituan found kuaihui wallet start inclusive finance. blockchain investor. current founder smartshare protocol. email: chenjingbo@smartshare.vip quanrong lai ceo got bachelor degree from wuhan university and master degree from chinese academy sciences. founder new chain hotel brand inn, former and national operations director bluegogo which merged didi, former regional operations uber, didi. have deep understanding consumer iot, shared economy, and blockchain. email: laiquanrong@smartshare.vip liang yang core member graduated from communication engineering major beijing university posts and telecommunication. former product director intelligent hardware xingwangruijie (sz), famous data coummnicaiton company.the founder kuaihuijinfu. now yang devoting the researches applying blockchain intelligent terminal industry. email: yangliang@smartshare.vip advisors tim.g frank buddenhagen ceo united screens gmbh peking university, cryptography.early investor ying xiao blockchain former founder qiandaibao qisheng huang saiying dai xiaoming guo expertise; founder co-founder&ceo three papas chairman&ceo yuanzheng data; cppcc member daxing district aobeier electronics ltd guanzhong peng jianfeng founder& ceo mohuan health; amp from ceibs emba from ceibs; initiator shanghai quantum public welfare foundation, deputy president council yuan founder self sell legal counsel dayong liu partner lawyer beijing dachen law office foundation smartshare foundation "foundation" for short followings) set singapore dedicates research and operate projects order positively promote cooperative undertakings. the foundation will manage the ecology smartshare formulating valid management system. project progress will announced the foundation every month and auditing report will publish every year. smartshare foundation will made decision-making committee, technology department, business cooperation department, operational department, finance department, human resource department, administration department and legal department. chapter vii contact official website:www.smartshare.vip mail:hi@smartshare.vip twitter: https://twitter.com/smartshare_vip?s= telegram:t.me/smartshareofficialen wechat:smartshare