smartfox.com whitepaper contents vulnerabilities modern centralized cloud data storage access control data protection level data integrity data availability why blockchain? decentralization and required redundancy absolute confidentiality low storage cost smartfox: taking decentralized cloud storage the next level smartfox development stages data security file encryption sharding distribution files data sharing file encryption smartfox specifications: ensuring redundancy through optimal distribution rewards staking masternodes the interaction between storage providers and renters fox existence justification and purposes introduction not only the internet has made global information and data exchange possible, but also put file synchronization and storage the spotlight. typical user has least few devices connected the internet and utilizes the most convenient one. therefore, providing the ability quickly access the updated data from any device utmost importance. shared access services grow popularity, they allow many people work the same data one time. shared access provided the majority traditional centralized cloud data storage and file synchronization systems, but all they have security and availability issues. centralized system not able ensure the appropriate level security, reliability, and the possibility continuous operation. the other hand, all these criteria could met well-thought and structured decentralized blockchain-based data cloud storage granting confidentiality, decentralization, security, and other components necessary for uninterrupted and safe operation. whitepaper vulnerabilities modern centralized cloud data storage recent years, cloud services have become widespread due the flexibility and availability computing resources. centralized cloud data storage online access control access control authentication and authorization. typically, cloud service providers use weak authentication mechanisms (for example, only login and password) and authorization control, which not secure enough. storage that saves data remote servers data protection level centralized cloud data storage includes: user entrusting data third-party should accessed through the internet. typical model reasonably worried about the next questions: cloud user who has his files stored the cloud storage; how the data protected? cloud storage with significant storage encrypted? yes, what algorithm? what extent the encryption algorithm space and computing resources, managed service provider that charges some fee. although cloud technologies have some advantages, such self-service demand, and flexible monthly payments that depend the amount storage space, the central aspect these technologies centralized transferring and storage files unacceptable for users willing get the maximum possible safety and security. safe? not all encryption algorithms provide sufficient informational security. common encryption for centralized could storage symmetric one, which uses one key for encryption and decryption. this type has the highest encryption speed for large amounts data, but its security level varies depending the key length and management. the longer the key, the higher the level security, which may seem good first despite the fact that cloud infrastructures are glance, but increase the length the key computing devices, they still face wide range can ultimately beyond the capabilities much more powerful and reliable compared also increases the computing intensity, which internal and external threats the integrity computer processors. data. there are several potential problems with the other issue using the same encryption key for all users the provider. centralized data could storage. whitepaper data integrity data availability encryption reliable enough ensure there are two main threats data availability: confidentiality, but data integrity also requires the message authentication code special set characters added the message. when choosing cloud storage, you need make sure that the provider uses this method protection against falsification transferred information. another important aspect checking the already uploaded data for integrity. verify the data, the provider needs download from the network-based attacks dos (denial service) and ddos (distributed denial service). availability the cloud service provider itself. big failures have already happened the past, and since then cloud storage improved enough guarantee availability. cloud storage, then check, and then re-upload centralized model cloud storage unsafe certain expenses undesirable for users interested has vulnerabilities that can solved with the the cloud storage. this accompanied terms privacy, data integrity and availability. checking data integrity directly the cloud help blockchain technologies. storage. and becomes even more complex due the fact that the testing must conducted without knowing the entire data set. whitepaper why blockchain? decentralized blockchainbased data cloud storage model obviously the best solution the problems confidentiality, accessibility, and integrity. another advantage that transactions carried out blockchain cannot changed faked. cryptocurrency-based blockchain allows creating decentralized internet while providing freedom and security. ensures: decentralization and required redundancy centralized file storage provides data backup being distributed network personal distributing files regional data centers, which failure. storage distributes pieces data among all computers, trustless and has central point blockchain distributed database which you can write down any data transactions. stores the information the entire network, which turn creates decentralized, distributed, and independent from any single point space. every network user supports its functioning, very difficult for one person hack completely destroy it. are quite attractive attack. decentralized file network users, thereby eliminating single point failure. absolute confidentiality third-party controls users' data can access it. each node stores some encrypted pieces user's data, while the user the only one manager his key. low storage cost decentralized cloud storage much cheaper than any centralized one. whitepaper smartfox: taking decentralized cloud storage the next level smartfox pioneer the world blockchain-based decentralized cloud data storage solutions. provides reliable storage text information, media files, and even websites, well rewards users exchange for sharing their disk space! the main advantage using smartfox that it's trustless, which means data stored without relying third party. decentralization perfectly solves the problem easily identifiable central points attack traditional cloud storage. smartfox provides: confidentiality the storage absolutely high security and reliability private and confidential. all since all information shared one except for the user who there single data storage special cryptographic key can attacker could restore data encrypted, and among the smartfox network, uploads information and has device accessing which get access it. the whole text file. with fast upload files the cloud storage smartfox, data theft fraud technically impossible. moreover, the failure one several nodes does not affect due its decentralized nature, the availability information limited only the max. decentralized cloud storage. the upload speed smartfox and operation the speed the user's end, which means the user can quickly upload confidential data the cloud storage necessary. censorship-resistant traffic distributed over profit for sharing free disk space number channels, which the use smartfox not just provides the ability store safe, reliable and convenient, but also economically justified: every your free disk space brings you good profits with absolutely zero risks! makes tracing and blocking almost impossible. smartfox files any content, including files that would blocked authorities they were free public access centralized resource. whitepaper smartfox development stages stage one the development the masternode network mastenodes, which are solid basis for the future development smartfox. the rapid development the masternode network ensured the high profitability the initial stage and aggressive promotion social media, including bounty campaigns. stage two masternodes provide sufficient redundancy necessary for the network stable operation. other words, renters are insured against unreliable disk space providers. stage goes along with the release the beta version wallets with inbuilt sharing (renting) option, which fact allows all fox holders use the cloud data storage technologies. the same time, masternode owners receive some privileges and bonuses. stage three steady development and expansion the smartfox platform functionality, including the ability store media files and use the decentralized cloud hosting for websites with own dns. whitepaper data security based the analysis the existing technical solutions decentralized cloud data storage, the operations necessary ensure the desired level data security the smartfox decentralized cloud data storage were established: file encryption sharding the most reliable mechanism grant data confidentiality, integrity, and availability. the data encrypted the client's side before sharding starts. one but the user controls his private key and access data. the client can also confirm the authenticity and integrity the file using its hash. the hash along with the location copies file written the file system immediately after the file uploaded the network. the number shards increases, becomes more difficult find any given set parts files without knowing their location. the data security proportional the square the network size. after the file encrypted, its hash its unique copies shards ensure data availability, which unauthorized access. any iteration with file smartfox network. identifier and the method detecting any proportional the number nodes the changes its hash, it's possible check the file without accessing directly. sharding encrypted files are divided into parts (shards), several files are combined create one shard. distribution files copies each file are randomly distributed over the network. dynamically calculated number file copies. depending the number copies, additional copies (shards) can sent support the required redundancy level necessary. whitepaper data sharing smartfox allows not only safely storing data but also conveniently working with it. file encryption any smartfox user will able share this that information with colleagues relatives that the group would able change documents collectively the same way that google drive and similar services work. smarftfox sharing works follows: the same time, every data change leaves trace: any file document changed retains its entire history from the beginning the latest version. smarftfox data sharing provides increased security when dealing with corporate and secret documentation and more reliable than the widely available centralized options. the data that the user wants share with group encrypted with separate random key, which turn encrypted with the keys all the group members and then placed the blockchain. this allows any user access the data decrypting the public key with his private key. whitepaper smartfox specifications: ensuring redundancy through optimal distribution rewards title smartfox masternode block reward ticker fox staking block reward type pos transaction confirmations algorithm premine (%) block time sec stake min age min collateral port total supply rpc port based the fact that the availability data decentralized peer-to-peer environment proportional the number nodes, ensuring the maximum rate increase the number masternodes one the main goals achieve the initial stage (stage i). reward distribution blocks block reward stakers number mn* roi the number conditional maintaining redundancy ensures fault tolerance encrypted file divided into parts, which necessary have several backup copies nodes. accordingly, the file can restored the system. for reliable storage information, each shard. this guarantees the safety information even one few disk space providers leave the network, lose data somehow violate the storing conditions. sharding occurs according the following algorithm: turn create fragments that are distributed from encrypted fragments. due the ability determine the level tolerance the loss certain number shards, redundancy significantly reduces the likelihood losing access the file. masternodes will sufficient achieve the level redundancy required protect users against data loss dividing files into more parts. whitepaper staking masternodes owning masternode grants not only part the block reward but also more profits from providing free disk space, which bonus exchange for the contribution the development smartfox. however, running masternode not masternode owners will also get: with increase the number coins staked. privilege provide the maximum allowable amount free disk space* timeless access all the functionality that will ever appear the smartfox cloud storage. prerequisite for using smartfox advantages. the ability store information smartfox will available all users having least fox coin their wallets. fox coin will give the opportunity share free disk space. the more coins you have, the more you can earn renting your free disk space. proof-of-stake excellent way access the smartfox storage cost. with staking, the chance getting the block reward increases the same time, even -coin wallet can mint coins lucky enough. *the maximum allowable amount free disk space that the smartfox wallet owner can share whether runs masternodes stake coins gb. this amount sufficient for high profitability and ensures fault tolerance and decentralization. the interaction between storage providers and renters decentralized smartfox network, the interaction takes place between storage provider that shares his free disk space and storage renter that borrows this place for storing files. the interaction happens via the that will available the wallet. the wallet: storage providers will able regulate the amount free disk space and the price for mb, which will allow them remain competitive and receive the desired profit. storage renters will get wide range options and the ability rent the disk space the lowest price. whitepaper fox existence justification and purposes file storage impossible blockchain, otherwise would reach enormous size and could processed very powerful computers only. the concept smartfox implies the existence the well-known blockchain bloat problem that trustless way storing information that allows the number records also increases, and beneficial conditions. it's open-sourced records. can more decentralized, safer, and efficient. fox coins and blockchain for storage the metadata about weight that includes the hash the file and the location copies shards. according this, storing million files would enlarge the blockchain gb. smartfox reliable, safe and effective with the increase the number transactions, users interact with each other mutually becomes very difficult continue adding new project that seeks show that cloud storage this problem can solved storing only small amount information about the storage transaction metadata that contains the hash the file and the location the backup file copies. whitepaper smartfox.com