smartcash.cc the merchant orientated and easy use cryptocurrency table contents brief introduction and technical details ............................................... the smartcash concept ......................................................................... smarthive governance and hive teams ............................................... smartnodes, smartrewards and miners ............................................... smartcard and pos solution ............................................................... smartband .............................................................................................. benefits accepting smartcash for .................................................. merchants ............................................................................................... smartcash wallets ................................................................................ smartcash services .............................................................................. exchanges where buy smartcash ................................................ where find engagement options discord.smartcash.cc twitter.com/scashofficial forum.smartcash.cc reddit.com/r/smartcash/ gab.ai/smartcash facebook.com/scashofficial youtube.smartcash.cc medium.com/@smartcashnews t.me/smartcashchat steemit.com/@smartcashnews instagram.com/scashofficial/ minds.com/smartcashoutreach brief introduction and technical details smartcash peer-to-peer digital currency that can used without having trust third party, which makes possible your own bank. smartcash meant currency and our vision replace centralized fiat currencies. our strategy make smartcash easy use, fast and secure possible build foundation that can support daily transactions for people everywhere. aim grow our platform supporting community and third party projects, hiring developers, gaining merchant acceptance, and using both grassroots and established marketing methods. smartcash coin with its own blockchain that uses bitcoin core. the launch date was july and the coin ticker smart. smartcash never held ico nor was any money raised from private investors. smartcash self-funded using block rewards only. blockchain consensus's uses proof work based methods and new blocks are mined using the keccak algorithm. the average block time seconds and the maximum supply billion smart. the current block size and adaptive blocks will used for capacity scaling needed. the block reward calculated follows: block war x.) block height the smartcash concept early cryptocurrencies, like bitcoin, only reward miners while neglecting other actors that play active role maintaining, developing and promoting the project. smartcash prioritizes block rewards additional areas that matter for ongoing success global cryptocurrency networks, including projects, development, outreach, support, nodes, and price stabilization currently, the block reward allocated fund community development: smarthive project proposals (%) and hive teams (%). the remaining the block reward goes towards mining (%), smartrewards (%), and smartnodes (%). smarthive governance and hive teams the intrinsic value smartcash the smarthive governance model and how the community can vote fund the best projects with block rewards stored the smarthive project treasury and administered the smarthive. the idea that the smarthive governance portal engages community members and other parties interested growing smartcash into global worldwide currency. everyone can create proposal that helps smartcash some way with fee smart. then every smartcash holder also can participate the voting process and help decide its worth getting funded not the smarthive project treasury. all users have the ability vote; smart equals vote. proposals are open vote for days and payments will made accordance with the delivered milestones. proposals open vote can found at: vote.smartcash.cc major difference compared other cryptocurrencies that believe core teams can ultimately lead inefficiency and centralization. order create and maintain decentralized governance structure smartcash has hive structuring teams. these teams are charge vital project areas, such development, outreach and support and consist people directly involved the project. every hive team runs independently, but cooperatively resulting organic growth. smartnodes, smartrewards and miners smartnodes are servers that run smartcash wallet and enable the next generation features added. one the key features instantpay, which enables transactions locked about second and allows instant point-of-sale in-store and online purchases. smartnodes are required have smart collateral, dedicated vps (ipv address, ram, drive), and able run hours day. smartrewards are price stabilization mechanism and way encourage long term holding. long term holders are key the project's success since the smarthive proposal budget needs smartcash appreciate value order fund meaningful party proposals and help grow smartcash into successful global cryptocurrency. each individual smartcash address holding least smartcash over the period one month, will paid the the next month shortly after the new snapshot the blockchain taken. support the blockchain network have launched three official smartcash fee mining pools for anyone join free charge. the mining pools overview can found at: mines.smartcash.cc smartcard and pos solution debit and credit card payments have become the dominant way for many carry out most, not all, their daily transactions. adoption card payments became increasingly simple for small businesses and now quick and affordable smartphone-powered solutions have widespread adoption. smartcard emerged offering solve many the problems traditional payment systems are facing such long settlement times, chargebacks, and high fees. smartcard blockchain-based solution that aims improve the digital payment card model. our main goals are streamline crypto transactions and make them practical for use real-life payment scenarios. the same time aim drastically reduce fees and confirmation time frames over those found current solutions. the smartcard makes possible pay with smartcash using physical card where mobile wallet phone internet access required. since the smartcard doesn't use bank credit card processor, transactions are not subject any restrictions. merchants will have point sale (pos) app, they transmit transactions for you but can't initiate the payment without your permission. for further information about how the system works and how both merchants and customers will benefit from using the smartcard and smartcash pos app please visit: smartcash.cc/smartcard/ smartband the smartband partnership between stratum, atar, and smartcash. atar launched wristband which linked account where people brazil can deposit fiat and pay with for their daily needs using nfc technology built the band over million merchants. the partnership with stratum, international exchange, makes possible link your exchange smartcash wallet with your smartband load the atar account with smartcash. stratum automatically converts smartcash the local currency required for purchases. once payment done, you will receive notification your phone for each transaction. with over all point sale terminals brazil accepting the atar band, this pioneering cooperation allows smartcash accepted broadly merchants with additional steps, technology, training required benefits accepting smartcash for merchants processing fees traditional forms digital transactions include processing fee which paid the intermediary (e.g. credit card processor). since smartcash peer-to-peer system that uses decentralized ledger, there additional cost involved for the merchant. fast transactions receiving payments from customer using smartcash takes less than minutes till they show the wallet the merchant. also offer instant payment solution using our instantpay feature. restrictions transactions sent within the smartcash ecosystem are irreversible. merchants can accept payments from all over the world and sure that they will receive the money and that won't charged back for whatever reason. merchants have better control their return policies and this process helps eliminate customer fraud. customer privacy because eliminate the intermediary and transactions are irreversible, there need collect private information from your customers accept their payment they are using smartcash. smartcash wallets please note: download wallets from smartcash.cc only and sure backup your wallet.dat file offline secure location. not copy the file while the wallet running! encrypting with strong password that not easily accessible others recommended. web wallet with the smartcash web wallet provide easy use option store your coins with user friendly interface. the web wallet offers pay username feature, donation code for receiving, export your private keys, and you can easily vote smarthive project proposals using the web wallet. access the smartcash web wallet visit: wallet.smartcash.cc desktop wallet smartcash provides full node wallet for windows, mac, and linux users. the desktop wallet stores the whole smartcash blockchain and requires basic understanding how-to use. needs synchronized before users can see recent transactions the blockchain. you can start smartnode and vote proposals using the desktop wallet. only recommended using experienced users you run smartnode. the download links can found at: smartcash.cc/wallets/ electrum wallet with the smartcash electrum wallet are supporting mainstream usage. it's desktop wallet which can used without having wait for the blockchain download. support voting and smartnode starting. this also provides compatibility with more party wallets. mobile wallet android users can find our smartcash wallet app for download the google play store and apple users can access their web wallet through the official url and will get optimized mobile experience. this uses the secure web wallet for functionality mobile experience. direct link for android users: smartcash mobile app direct link for ios users: smartcash mobile app paper wallet paper wallet generator can found at: paperwallet.smartcash.cc there you will find details instructions how use and how spend smartcash using it. you can generate addresses securely while offline. third party wallets please note: when using party wallets you need trust the vendor's server that payments were sent received. coinomi coinomi offers multi-asset wallet app available for ios and android. find coinomi at: coinomi.com edge ethos wallet where you buy, store, trade, dozens cryptocurrencies. find edge at: https://edge.app/ smartcash services smartcash offers additional services that are pushing the boundaries innovation for blockchain technology. want smartcash accessible everyone, whether that regular cryptocurrency enthusiast, everyday merchants and entrepreneurs, the world's unbanked. send smartcash email send smartcash simple steps, auto-return your smartcash after seven days not claimed, and login/account required for sending. for further information and faqs, visit: mailsmart.smartcash.cc/ send smartcash web wallet username order ensure ease use and widespread adoption you can send smartcash another smartcash web wallet username easily. there need search and copy the long string public address anymore. smartcash tipbots the smartcash tipbots are services that allows reddit, twitter, steemit, and discord users send smartcash directly each other. for further information visit: smartcash.cc/tip/ smartnode monitor bot the smartnode monitor bot allows you monitor your smartnode(s) without logging into your server nor your wallet. sends notifications once your status changes you have received reward. for further information visit: smartnode monitor guide exchanges where buy smartcash smartcash roadmap for instantpay allows instantly confirming point-of-sale purchases for merchants both in-person and online core upgrades core code updates for the desktop wallet for faster syncing and wallet stability. upgraded explorer improved explorer with better ui, full transaction transparency, and better transaction statistics. adaptive blocks blocks will increase size based the average block size required scale the network capacity needed. hour support center the support team ramping round the clock support center support merchants and new users. electrum wallet use smartcash with lite desktop wallet without waiting for the full blockchain download. smartcard pay merchants smartcash with physical card that safely encrypts and stores your private key. mobile wallet with currency exchange the native mobile wallet will allow you trade other cryptocurrencies with smartcash. smartnode starting from web wallet start your smartnode from the smartcash web wallet for easier node management that does not require the desktop wallet and full blockchain download.