smartmesh.io pr@smarmesh.io the smartmesh project the smartmesh white paper produced smartmesh foundation pte. ltd. smartmesh white paper smartmesh tokenized mobile mesh network _____________________________ the internet was conceived today, would have been network that connects smartphones, and would have been safer, cheaper, faster. (c)-smartmesh smartmesh white paper abstract mesh network hoc network that can automatically established between radio nodes such mobile devices. more private, resilient, and efficient and often comes free, yet has challenge scale, one the reasons the lack economic incentives. this project, provide with such incentive introducing crypto token, which people can "mine" when they share their nodes. that, there are issues that need address: mesh network often used and deployed areas where internet not available, which means payment transactions between nodes need made without access the blockchain, obviously this paradox. even when the device this mesh has access the internet, there still problem: because hard-coded limit computation per block, the ethereum blockchain currently supports roughly transactions per second compared to, say, the processed visa. make ethereum based erc- token viable payment solution for the mesh network build, need make faster. how scale blockchain make the payment fast and economical? the core enabler develop off-chain payment channel which such micro payment transactions both scalable and cost effective. this white paper examines how have solved and will solve these problems achieve our goal, mesh nodes that self-sustain, self-govern and grows. (c)-smartmesh smartmesh white paper table content genesis about smartmesh what the smartmesh protocol smartmesh positioning: mobile mesh technology pioneer, focus technology, andecosystem incubator. smartmesh third-party ecosystem information security issues: point-to-point network transmission network congestion problem off-internet communication off-internet payment inclusive finance vision: global mesh network mesh overview nodes user nodes carrier nodes internet nodes tech stack smartmesh mesh architecture smartmesh token smartmesh token contract signed authorized payment smartmesh micro payment smartmesh off-internet payment universal connectivity architecture smartmesh governance smartmesh foundation smartmesh decision making committee smartmesh ecosystem center smartmesh research and development center smartmesh marketing centers smartmesh daily operation center development team roadmap smartmesh ico allocation and distribution (c)-smartmesh smartmesh white paper genesis the beginning men created the internet. people see the internet good. however, the internet, people not trust each other. then people created the blockchain. allows people work with each other without mutual trust. blockchain good, but it's slow. then people created lightning, raiden and plasma. they allow people things. but people can not work without the net. then people created smartmesh, the spirit smartmesh saying: make everything connected, even without the internet. smartmesh connects everything without internet. everything always connected. about smartmesh (c)-smartmesh smartmesh white paper what the smartmesh protocol smartmesh blockchain-based iot underlying protocol that enables smartphones, onboard devices and other devices connect each other without the internet. smartmesh has built-in blockchain light nodes and extends raiden network protocol for tokenless meshless pay. motivated blockchain tokens, smartmesh can self-organize create resilient, decentralized, self-healing mesh network that offers higher near-field communication speed and bandwidth than the internet and will generally free. possible achieve network parallel the existing internet. smartmesh positioning: mobile mesh technology pioneer, focus technology, andecosystem incubator. the serval project australia and nextapp china optimized wi-fi direct, bluetooth, bluetooth le, ant and other wireless protocols and the above applications make the near field communication android and ios mobile phones become reality. every mesh network-based messaging application does the same thing: they allow you stay touch with others without sim card. their user scenarios may slightly different, some focus chatting, others focus research, and some may focus social interactions, but together they have tens millions user groups. based existing technological advantages and ecological resources, smartmesh will mainly continue develop the underlying iot protocol the future, and continuously integrate the world's top off-internet communication companies devise uniform standard for global iot communications. the same time, the smartmesh foundation will continue introduce various application scenarios based the smartmesh protocol through third-party development teams such incubation and cooperation. smartmesh third-party ecosystem smartmesh builds mesh network that parallel the internet based direct connection smartphones, that traffic would not need sent the center servers but through communication the local mesh network, saving traffic resources, reducing radiation and waste power communication. the smartmesh foundation will make easier and more convenient make people people, people things and things things connections. the future direction off-internet communication, off-internet payment and off-internet gaming. (c)-smartmesh smartmesh white paper information security issues: point-to-point network transmission have you ever wondered all the mobile apps use have the risk information disclosure? why? because all our chat history, browsing habits are all saved the third-party server. american daddy, visa and other big companies have had many times the more common customer data breach leaked small businesses. with smartmesh all messaging just point-to-point, thus isolating the risk third-party information being exposed. network congestion problem whether the train, subway, plane, outdoor camping sports stadium, user density congests data traffic and people cannot access the internet properly. however, with smartmesh, users can send messages people around during these entertainment and sports events, which can wonderful moment shared with the outside world. the density devices increases, the quality the network improves, and the speed will faster. smartmesh fulfills this last mile social connectivity, and entertainment will more enjoyable. off-internet communication some time ago, the united nations broadband commission (hereinafter referred "unbc") released report saying that there are billion people the world without regular access the internet. although internet inflitration the developed countries very high. and yet, the world's poorest countries, the population has access the internet. smartmesh will change the situation for those people with the rollout smartmesh app. people can connect each other form local mesh network. within one local mesh network, long that one the mobile phones has internet connectivity, everyone the mesh will able connect the world. off-internet payment current payment application platforms cannot work without internet, smartmesh will allow payment through the smartmesh mesh network, where each phone will become node form dense network. this new network will break the traditional boundary payment service and make payment easy. inclusive finance about billion people around the world have bank accounts, and present, basically all the products the field mobile banking and payment are implemented using the (c)-smartmesh smartmesh white paper internet. smartmesh will build upon its own communications protocol build rich ecosystem communications and inclusive finance fulfill the demand these billion people. vision: global mesh network pioneers mesh network, had faced the dilemma scalability. global mesh network requires global collaborations technologists and entrepreneurs work together, and users need incentivized share nodes, hence increase user density make the mesh network stable and accessible. today three leaders mesh network decide pursue the vision together. with progress the raiden network off-chain micro-payment and smartmesh raiden extension, off-internet high speed payment achievable. the team dreamers and technologists are working together make this shared vision reality. propose build mesh network that connects mobile phones, which people who share their own mobile phone nodes are rewarded crypto tokens. smartmesh marketplace nodes, like airbnb smart phone nodes. anyone with smart phone can send text messages, photos, voice other nodes; and they are rewarded with tokens helping transfer the data, and course the data packets are encrypted. deal with daunting task like this, the biggest challenge transfer crypto tokens between mobile phones quickly that people can share their nodes and get paid quickly, which was not possible blockchain. all know, transaction confirmation blockchain too slow and too expensive applied sharing mobile phone nodes. since inception, bitcoin and blockchain have been plagued with its inherent technical issues, only transactions can processed per second, and every transaction need confirmed blocks deep verified effective. this level throughput could not regarded currency, which people can use conduct business, not mention the ultra-high speed micropayments between mobile phone nodes. (c)-smartmesh smartmesh white paper fortunately, since have the new technologies that didn't have, which are blockchain, crypto token, especially lightning network and raiden network off-chain payment accelerator. lightning network proposes achieve peer peer micro-payment transactions off-chain with on-chain validation and settlement. the blockchain processing bottleneck broken; issues such latency, finality, throughput and privacy are all solved. raiden network based the same concept and built ethereum. plasma expands lightning network computation addition payment. hereafter the plan construct the smartmesh mesh: create incentive mechanism which people are rewarded. this implemented with blockchain and token. make token transaction fast enough, need build ethereum based raiden network micropayment raiden network runs fast enough, but could not work without access the internet. have designed smartmesh extension enable off-internet micropayment mobile phones; when off-internet micropayment ready, people can participate smartmesh mesh sharing their mobile phone nodes co-build the global mesh network conceive. the following passages, will describe with reasonable technical details about what have done, what are doing, where this journey lead to, you should able understand whether you are technical non-technical background. mesh overview nodes the base primitive that smartmesh mesh built upon pay-for-forward network, which infrastructures are needed; instead all people use their smart phones connect together. these smart phones, called nodes, can pay each other for the service forwarding data, and verify that the data forwarding performed well. like airbnb mobile phones, which share nodes and provide with data-forwarding services rather than bed and breakfast. this mesh network not only handle "local traffic" such text and phone sharing inside the mesh but also provide with internet access least one node connected the internet with "uplink". there are three types nodes smartmesh mesh. user nodes anyone who connects with smartmesh mesh user node. they pay their neighboring node send out data packets. for example, there are nodes between alex and brandon, then alex pays (c)-smartmesh smartmesh white paper the nodes for forwarding the data packets brandon through mesh payment channel, which will synchronize the blockchain and settle crypto tokens. this case, alex user node here. carrier nodes carrier nodes are smart phones that forward data packets for other nodes. they are paid tokens for their services. this case, brandon carrier node. internet nodes internet nodes are like carrier nodes, but they have internet access and offer others. they can smart phones with big data plans they would like resell others who need it. tech stack smartmesh mesh architecture smartmesh mesh decentralized peer-to-peer distributed network that functions either internet access available not. smartmesh embeds the ethereum light node, which based the light ethereum sub-protocol (les), and connected the ethereum via geth. les protocol designed for light client such (c)-smartmesh smartmesh white paper smart phone. downloads only the block header instead the entire block when the block chain synchronized. provides fully secured blockchain access function, but does not participate mining and the formation consensus. decentralized application, the top layer, interacts with the smartmesh contract layer through web.js. the user uses wallet store their private key, make transfer, and make query and other operations. smartmesh uses swarm implement host personal files shared storage space, uses whisper build peer-to-peer messaging network, off-chain transactions via lightning network plasma accelerate transaction confirmation and incentivize users contribute storage space and network resources through checkbook contracts. near-field, peer-to-peer connection based wi-fi, bluetooth, ant and other protocols, with the increase distributed nodes, this mesh networks will better, and ultimately becomes world parallel network the internet. believe smartmesh mesh has the potential support applications far more beyond off-internet chat, data transmission and off-internet payment. smartmesh token smartmesh token, smt, contract token based ethereum. ethereum open source, public distributed computing platform that provides distributed turing complete virtual machine support execution smartmesh contracts. smt used incentivize smartmesh mesh node contributors and purchase products and services the smartmesh mesh ecosystem. when users connect their smartmesh phone nodes the smartmesh mesh network, they are rewarded with the smt tokens. the longer the user stays the network, the more smt that they amass the smartmesh blockchain. smartmesh token contract smartmesh token contract based the erc token standard. implemented number features smt support smartmesh mesh, which include signed authorized agent transactions etc. erc token standard has won recognition the ethereum community. large number well-known ethereum applications are compliance with this standard and has proven the erc token standard successful. signed authorized payment the ethereum-based smartmesh contract consume gas run, which one the precautions that ethereum has taken for security, but gas needs paid eth, which increases the complexity decentralized applications (dapp) mainstream users. help these users, have developed (c)-smartmesh smartmesh white paper signed authorized payment agent, which let third party assist user pay eth cover gas consumption. the service fee the third party paid smt. the process requires the user authorize providing with specified format signature activate the smartmesh contract operate users assets. minimal information required for the user signature include the agent address, service fee and statement asset change, which means the user, has complete control and safe and sound the user doing person. smartmesh micro payment with progress blockchain technologies, the based wallet applications are longer good enough for users. data nodes are too large synchronized and pcs are not convenient carried around. the present light wallet apps still rely centralized services, which require the signature data sent servers for the transaction data broadcast. the servers are hacked, the request service would denied and this potential security vulnerability. plus, the process transactions, would need confirmation other blocks and consumes gas. this contradictory the very idea decentralization and could not complete micropayment quickly. smartmesh app truly decentralized mobile node with micro-payment wallet, which uses the les-enabled geth node the smart phone verify and synchronize the block header. the light ethereum sub-protocol, often referred les, sub-protocol ethereum, which designed maintain the high security certain instances ethereum the current state light client (such smart phone). meanwhile, smartmesh app has integrated raiden network technologies accelerate micro-payment transactions. the raiden network state channel technology based ethereum, which increases the processing power the ethereum the basic idea, that users can have transaction with signed messages off-chain, rather than have all transactions processed on-chain. through peer-to-peer payment and deposit ethereum, raiden retains the protection mechanism that the blockchain has provided. raiden network has the advantages scalability, fast transaction, confidentiality, interoperability, low cost, micropayment-ready. could process one million transactions per second. confirmation and termination transfer completed within second. the cost transaction could low millionth that on-chain, which makes smartmesh viable micropayment solution. (c)-smartmesh smartmesh white paper smartmesh off-internet payment today, electronic payment without internet remains technological challenge, even when payment apps such alipay and wechat pay have become popular that people living china could hardly live one day without. yet, locations where internet either unavailable the mobile service signal low, none these apps could complete transaction without internet access until smartmesh. for the first time, smartmesh makes crypto payment without internet possible. smartmesh off-internet micropayment the smartmesh payment protocol based raiden network extension. users transfer signed encrypted transaction data through direct peer peer such wi-fi, aka, allow off-internet payment. alice and brandon establish channel raiden network through smartmesh app; they both commit certain amount assets deposits, then they are ready make payment with smartmesh micro payment. alice and brandon establish off-internet connection through smartmesh app alice pays brandon tokens alice sends crypto transaction data brandon without the internet, both sides store crypto transaction information. when there internet access, alice and brandon synchronizes the transaction information raiden network node; verify transaction settlement within the transaction verification channel. alice closes the transaction channel, alice submits signed update transaction message the blockchain contract, which will wait for the hold period. during which brandon could submit (c)-smartmesh smartmesh white paper higher update transaction message with higher sequence number; the contract will confiscate all pledged assets alice the channel and transfer brandon. there objection until wait for brandon timeout, the contract will complete the transfer payment and close the channel the block chain according the message content. vice versa. alice closes transaction channel, alice submit update transaction compared lightning network, raiden network introduces more common smartmesh condition than hash timelock contract lightning network. the event dispute, the contract can enforced presenting the latest version the update transaction message the smartmesh contract blockchain, and requesting smartmesh contract process the smartmesh condition the message. there dispute, none these will appear ethereum blockchain, which enhances the privacy well performance. when alice and brandon make off-the-internet transactions, the two sides store encrypted transaction information off-chain, which will synchronized, verified when the internet access available. this guarantees security the transactions and untamperable. smartmesh has integrated ethereum light node, raiden light node and smartmesh off-internet extension raiden network, which parallel global mesh network incentivized crypto tokens will emerge and thrive. universal connectivity architecture (c)-smartmesh smartmesh white paper smartmesh mesh aim enable global mesh network parallel the internet. every smartmeshphone like smartmesh. single spark can start wild fire prairie. with the increase fireflies, mobile smartmesh nodes create network their own; the apps would smartmesh enough choose path for each data packet, over internet smartmesh mesh. blockchain was nodes only, and now they are making their ways smartmeshphones with mobile light node technologies, which allows crypto currencies trading whether access the internet available not. smartmesh off-internet payment lets crypto currencies can traded even when the internet off. for the future generation communications, the internet and smartmesh mesh complement each other, smartmesh mesh will carrying large number local traffic and will the most optimized universal connection. smartmesh governance smartmesh foundation smartmesh decision making committee the smartmesh blockchain decision committee responsible for the management and decision making significant matters, including the appointment and dismissal executive officers and directors each committee and important decisions. members the decision-making committee (c)-smartmesh smartmesh white paper term office are three years. the committee will appoint chairperson and specifics shall determined later. the members the first decision committee will appointed smartmesh founding team and investors. smartmesh ecosystem center the purpose smartmesh ecosystem center explore the potential use cases and facilitate business applications, promote applications education, e-commerce and social networks, achieve artificial intelligence, cross-border transactions, interoperability and sharing value. smartmesh research and development center the smartmesh research and development center responsible for the research and development infrastructure layer technologies, including testing, launch and verification. the sdk supports mainstream programming languages and provides technical support all domains and offer open source code. smartmesh marketing centers the marketing center responsible for technical marketing, product marketing and marketing related applications. smartmesh daily operation center the daily operation center performs financial, legal affairs, human resources, office administration managerial duties. finance department responsibility for the use and audit the fund; drafting and examination official documents, prevent potential legal risks; administration and are responsible for personnel management, compensation and daily administrative work. (c)-smartmesh smartmesh white paper development team henry wang founder smartmesh the founder and president international blockchain application federation (ibaf). kraken global engineering former chief strategy officer for cubits, leading european crypto payment exchange berlin ashton addison chief marketing strategist ceo founder eventchain.io leader, entrepreneur and technology enthusiast blockchain technology since leo yao mesh networking former head huawei mesh networking product line maxim prishchepo founder&ceo integral llc maxim founder and ceo two innovative companies. (c)-smartmesh smartmesh white paper roadmap (c)-smartmesh smartmesh white paper smartmesh ico allocation and distribution only ,,, smt tokens will ever created. the smt tokens are intended allocated follows: sold the company crowdsale and pre-crowdsale purchasers pursuant the offering through company approved affiliates. reserved the company incentivize future developements. reserved the company early investors. distributed the company the smartmesh team. used for marketing purposes throughout the entire project. reserved the company advisory board. reserved the company angel investors. smartmesh platform and company staff tokens will locked for months after the end the crowdsale. company angel investors and early investors tokens will locked for months after the end the crowdsale. company advisory board tokens will locked for months after the end the crowdsale, and released rate per quarter thereafter. the users have entitlement receive dividend any distribution profits from the smartmesh foundation pte. ltd. and that there should expectation profits resulting from the acquisition the tokens. (c)all rights reserved smartmesh foundation pte. ltd. (c)-smartmesh