decentralized marketplace for tokenized alternative investments whitepaper version november smart valor the company name stands for smart securities, tokens representing securities, which are issued the blockchain and governed smart contracts. smart valor smart contracts securities (in switzerland) contract applex erctoken function transfer(address _to, uint _value) public returns (bool) require(_value (). [video]. retrieved from https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcakrebnci "switzerland seeks regain cryptocurrency crown" ()reuters, retrieved from https://www.reuters.com/article/us-cryptocurrencies-banking-switzerland/switzerland-seeks-to-regaincryptocurrency-crown-iduskbnkay feldmeier, (). switzerland can become one the top three crypto hubs the world. retrieved from https://www.cnnmoney.ch/shows/living-markets/videos/olga-feldmeier-ceo-smart-valor-blockchain implementation roadmap the roll-out the valor platform will implemented four major phases: phase foundation milestones completed team full-time contributors established financial intermediary status switzerland preparation platform prototype fully functional consortium blockchain build go-to-market focus areas: establishment flagship conference series crypto ico summit brand awareness (print, online, tv) key partnerships established with funds, technology providers, and legal advisors first round pre-sale completed (chf .m) with focus strategic investors phase operational readiness milestones completed team full-time contributors established financial intermediary status (aml-license) received switzerland banking license (liechtenstein) and security dealer license application preparation development core platform components completed, overall integration tests ongoing go-to-market focus areas: early access user onboarding global expansion conference series (crypto summit world tour) further partnerships with funds, technology provider and legal advisors second round pre-sale completed (chf .m) with focus strategic partners phase start operations cryptocurrencies and utility tokens team full-time contributors established, plus opening for outside developers launch platform with core components production listing valor token first proof issuance and trading capabilities followed trading selected cryptocurrencies, utility and payment token under the anti-money laundering act (amla), financial intermediaries who are not members self-regulatory organization require license from finma under the anti-money laundering act (amla), financial intermediaries who are not members self-regulatory organization require license from finma the operator organized trading facility requires license bank securities dealer authorization recognition trading venue (art. para. fmia) establishment enterprise-grade custody solution for digital assets partnership with ledger (as announced consensus may applications for banking license (liechtenstein) and otf (organized trading facility) completed core members asset verticals joined the valor network, working groups preparing the legal frameworks for security trading go-to-market focus areas: ramp-up online communities and onboarding users the platform brand awareness home markets (eu, switzerland, uk) ico completed phase fully licensed crypto bank team full-time, plus significant growth external contributor team banking license liechtenstein granted, additional services securitization and basic banking services begin listing and trading security tokens the valor platform extended functionality production collaboration tools, incentive systems, task and apps marketplace functionality for decentralized trading for selected assets enabled (smart contract-based auctions) valor chain operational meet specific regulatory compliance requirements for certain security token go-to-market focus area: growth user base home market plus top focus countries though incentives and reward programs phase decentralization trading onwards) rapid expansion listed tokens functionality for decentralized, compliant trading extended securities and becomes primary method for less liquid assets (global pooling liquidity) valor network includes similar platforms the and asia enabling cross-platform listings and distribution advanced functionality for incentivizing decentralized value creation large ecosystem established driving the open source functional extension smart valor. (). smart valor leads the way crypto custody, joining ledger vault. retrieved from https://smartvalor.com/smart-valor-leads-the-way-on-crypto-custody-joining-ledger-vault/ offline distribution channel established from the very beginning, while the technical platform was development and licensing process underway, smart valor started build brand awareness and offline distribution channels. one such the flagship conference series crypto summit (www.cryptosummit.ch). conducted bi-annually for the first time september the conference has established itself europe's premier blockchain event, held the heart swiss crypto valley. the latest spring edition, crypto summit, took place march and became the largest blockchain conference switzerland. the conference drew key policy makers, global industry leaders, investors and leading ico projects from around the world with participants from countries, via livestream, over speakers and exhibitors. the companies which announced their ico our crypto summit conferences have already raised over usdm. the summer smart valor has additionally rolled-out the crypto summit world tour targeted growing its global footprint and brand recognition. strategically, this important part our distribution engine which combines offline and online channels. the next conferences are scheduled for october and april the valor platform prototype first functional prototype the valor platform has been developed. the prototype was revealed finovate march london. the recording the live demo available the official finovate site: http://finovate.com/videos/finovateeurope--smart-valor/ the functional prototype the valor platform can accessed and tested www.smartvalor.io. investors can navigate within the platform easily visualize the different investment opportunities available. they can dive into detailed information order conduct due diligence and manage existing and future investments. figure investment search figure investment details asset issuers will have access the tokenization engine. this, they can select and parameterize the smart contract representing both their asset's financial structure, and its governance model. figure tokenization machine figure user-generated auction all users can participate members the valor community. participation includes various activities, like surveys, ballots for deciding the next assets selected, prediction models, new software widgets, applications the marketplace and on. this participation will rewarded. the goal give the community the opportunity drive the future developments the valor platform and ensure extensibility the platform new features and technologies. figure tasks view whereas most technologies tend automate workers the periphery doing menial tasks, blockchains automate away the center. instead putting the taxi driver out job, blockchain puts uber out job and lets the taxi drivers work with the customer directly. vitalik buterin, founder ethereum the valor token the role the token the business model most online marketplaces networks face the challenge scaling when they launch. named the chicken-and-egg-problem and translated into investment platform terminology can formulated like this: increase the number and quality investment opportunities offered through third party asset issuers increases the attractiveness the platform investors. turn growing number investors increases the attractiveness for asset issuers place their assets the platform. this phenomenon called economists the network effect: the platform's value any given user largely depends the number users the network's other side. once the marketplace reaches critical inflection point, network effects kick and growth follows exponential, rather than linear, trajectory. since the valor platform multisided marketplace, its main goal grow fast achieve network effect. the new enabler the scaling can found the birth token (crypto) economy that creates its own wealth via new business models, and peer-to-peer transactional relationships between participants. this the main goal the introduction the platform native currency, the valor token. the design the token targeted creating incentive for participants contribute and benefit from the value creation the valor platform. providing the right incentives and benefits critical attract large community investors, asset issuers and contributors. therefore, the token functionality structured around utility gives the user the platform. circular token economy created through the built-in mechanism which participants can earn valor tokens for their contributions, but also spend them when using services staking them order obtain special benefits. with this goal mind, the valor token tool achieve deeper engagement wider community investors, partners and contributors, who turn will the key beneficiaries the growth the platform. eisenmann, t., parker, g., van alstyne, (). strategies for two- sided markets [pdf]. retrieved from https://scholar.google.ch/scholar?q="strategies+for+two+sided+markets"+by+thomas+eisenmann,+geoffrey+parke r,+and+marshall+w.+van+alstyne&hl=fr&as_sdt=&as_vis=&oi=scholart harvard business review. (). network effects aren't enough. retrieved from https://hbr.org///networkeffects-arent-enough mougayar, (). the business blockchain. participants the network simplified sense, the valor network consists the following stakeholder groups: investors, asset issuers, facilitators and contributors. figure stakeholder groups the investor group consists individual and institutional investors seeking gain portfolio exposure the new digital asset class and tokenized real-world assets. within the group institutional investors, particular, smart valor targets the following: the asset issuer this term referred collectively partners seeking issue and distribute their tokens the valor platform. within this group the key stakeholders are: the contributors and facilitators are heterogeneous group service providers such as: individual investors independent wealth managers asset management companies family offices venture capital and crypto funds banks and other financial intermediaries crypto hedge funds venture capital and private equity funds real estate issuers/owner startups and growth companies and other issuers placement agents and sponsors market maker and liquidity providers due diligence provider and legal advisors fiduciaries and custodians for collateral auditing firms developer (e.g. smart contracts, apps) individual contributors contributors are individuals who are participating the valor task marketplace and contributing the development the valor platform. facilitators are companies involved provision services along the asset life cycle. certain partners can fall into multiple categories. for instance, venture capital fund can use the platform for deal flow (investor), raise capital for the fund (asset issuer), but also place portfolio companies for listing (facilitator). how the valor token used the token will issued erc- token compliant the public ethereum blockchain. the token classified utility and payment token. figure how valor token used function utility membership stake loyalty and reward program description while the platform open members and non-members alike, holding certain amount valor tokens ("staking") grants special benefits access additional functionality and services. rewards will offered active contributors the network. there are various programs for the different stakeholder groups, e.g. rewards for active investors, paybacks for asset issuers, rewards for contributors work. membership status needed access most the reward programs. holding valor tokens alone without any active contribution work/expertise will not grant any revenue participation. payment valor token can used pay for the platform's service fees. certain services (e.g. transaction fees, listing fees, application fees) are discounted when paid for with valor token. survey participation and voting holding valor tokens enables participation surveys and voting polls. depending the vote, the participant's quantity valor tokens will used weighing the results. from legal perspective the voting results are non-binding. bridge currency for trading valor token will one the bridge currencies listed the valor platform and such will help improve liquidity across tokenized assets. valor tokens are deployed and transferred within the valor network. the tokens can also circulated outside the network and beyond the circle people registered it. valor tokens will listed for trading the valor platform well other major crypto exchanges. the valor token has been designed incentivize and foster the network partners, investors, and contributor and community participation the valor network. this end, different functionalities are embedded the token model, relevant the different stakeholder groups and marketplace participants. the function the valor token figure overview the functionality the valor token investors prime investor stake: valor prime institutional investors stake: valor early access upcoming asset listings preferred access oversubscribed listings participation higher tier reward programs for active investors fast-track bank account opening participation voting future development the platform and asset listings same benefits individual prime investor plus: introduction early stage (pre-listing) ventures dedicated institutional account manager participation high value institutional reward programs fast-track institutional bank account opening asset issuers partner stake: valor possibility tokenize and list assets the valor platform access the valor network service providers dedicated partner account manager participation reward/revenue sharing programs prime partner stake: valor same benefits partner plus: fast-track due diligence process priority listing during high load times participation issuance/deployment chft access "targeted" airdrop program fast track institutional bank account opening preferred access the offline distribution platform for exhibiting conferences and private investor events contributors and facilitators contributor stake: valor participation task marketplace and financial rewards for contributed work (e.g. development, testing, fraud detection, investment due diligence, reviews) participation surveys and voting future developments and listings invitation community events around the globe (hackathons, meet-ups etc.) after smart valor granted banking license after smart valor granted banking license subject successful due diligence after smart valor granted banking license service partner stake: valor same benefits contributor plus: dedicated partner account manager listing offered services platform priority for services procured smart valor participation high value institutional reward programs over time, the network grows, additional utility functions will implemented. mainly the area decentralized trading real assets, consensus algorithm the permissioned valor chain, curation and prediction markets. these kinds implementations require further research, development and also legal groundwork. smart valor will contribute this research and expect roll out additional functionality over time. the valor platform membership types private and institutional users the valor platform can become members the valor network. the membership acquired through the staking certain amount the valor tokens alternatively holding the valor token their valor user wallet. depending the type membership, specific amount valor tokens needs staked. the minimum membership duration months. the user decides end the membership, the staked tokens will released back the user the end the membership period. there are several benefits connected this kind staking: improves "stickiness" the platform incentivizing members stay with the platform. serves insurance against possible misconduct non-compliance with obligations from the side asset issuers service providers. drives the demand for valor tokens: with increasing number network members, there increasing demand for valor tokens. the range benefits and number staked tokens dependent the type membership. valor prime partners are eligible participate chft application institutional partners such crypto currency exchanges, crypto funds and banks require prime partner membership able deploy tokenized swiss franc (chft). this membership can received through staking valor tokens. for these kinds partners, participation the pre-sale offers low-cost entry the valor network as, this stage, the tokens are sold with additional bonus. after the initial -month lock-up period their valor tokens for any type membership, investors partners can either extend the membership end selling their stake other participants the platform that are interested obtaining the membership. the platform scales and more investors compete for purchase the membership, the value the membership expected grow. the same fashion, the number partners interested issuing their investment products the platform grows, grows the demand for the valor partner membership, while the total supply the memberships limited the number valor tokens circulation. these represent only some highlighted benefits. the full and final list services included each membership package will released during the operational launch the platform and adjusted additional functionality being developed. the loyalty and rewards program for members achieve broad engagement and reward active users, various incentives such loyalty and reward programs will launched. most the reward programs distribute valor tokens. access loyalty and reward programs requires the staking valor token. the higher tiered loyalty levels and programs are exclusive the above presented membership packages (requiring even higher staking/holding valor token). earn the rewards and contribute the development the network, users can take several actions: actively trading the secondary market investing initial listings referring new users/investors introducing investment opportunities and syndication other forms participation the decentralized value through the valor task market such contributing code, introducing asset issuers, participating due diligence, participating asset voting, writing performance reviews, submitting performance predictions, etc. the other side, for institutional users there are specific rewards: rewards for introduction co-investment opportunities (for funds) participation retrocession fee schedule (for wealth managers) redemption listing fees, issuance attracts new investors the platform (for asset issuers) this listing represents excerpt from the full list which will finalized and published the launch the platform. the payment function valor token any participant can use valor tokens pay for services the valor platform, such listing fees, transaction fees, custody fees, etc. the services can paid fiat money cryptocurrencies. however, paid valor tokens, the fees are discounted. this creates incentive for asset issuers and investors purchase valor tokens pay for usage the platform the platform. when paying with valor tokens, services will discounted according the schedule presented figure figure discount schedule year onwards discount tbd third parties and partners offering services the network can choose accept valor tokens payment but are not required so. when accepting valor tokens, these third parties can choose they want offer discounts. the circular token economy this constant flow valor tokens going through reward distribution, purchasing, staking, release, sale and payment creates natural circular token economy which incentivizes the users the platform. users can earn purchase tokens order stake them for membership benefits benefit from discounted payment terms. they can trade tokens open marketplaces but also redeem them for services provided smart valor other valor platform participants. figure circular valor token economy investor valor platform public market service provider/ contributor asset issuer asset issuers can purchase and stake tokens become valor (prime) partners issue their assets the valor platform. individual investors can earn, purchase and stake tokens become valor prime investors benefit from exclusive rights the membership. facilitators and contributors can purchase and stake tokens become part the valor network contributors and preferred service providers. the same time, every participant the valor network can: spend valor tokens pay for additional services the platform discounted terms sell their valor tokens the open market the circular flow valor tokens between the platform users should facilitate "stickiness" the platform, increase trust and reduce transaction costs normally connected with service provision open marketplace. overall this circular token economy key element the business model the valor platform should crucially support the growth the valor network. the launch the valor platform the valor token will the first token listed the valor platform first proof the institutional-grade issuance and trading capabilities, followed trading selected crypto currencies, utility and payment token prior the roll out security tokens second stage platform implementation. upon launch the valor platform, the introduction memberships and staking the valor tokens aims enable early access the platform limited number stakeholders. explained the previous chapter, this group stakeholders enjoys specific set benefits connected the usage the valor platform. limited supply valor memberships the number available memberships any time defined the number valor tokens available the open market and number tokens required for staking. the total number valor tokens minted limited million. this, only million will distributed during the sale which creates smart-contract enacted limit the initial total amount available memberships. during the launch the valor platform, certain valor token allocation targeted presented figure this allocation will supported through the smart valor approach the token sale and different engagement campaigns. figure maximum amount available memberships investors prime investor prime institutional investors valor valor members members valor total allocation valor total allocation members valor members valor asset issuers partner prime partner valor valor members members valor total allocation valor total allocation members valor members valor contributors and facilitators valor contributors valor service partner valor valor members members valor total allocation valor total allocation members valor members valor result, smart valor aims sell around valor partner and valor prime partner memberships. the asset issuer that manages acquire valor tokens during pre-sale ico will significantly benefit from the low-cost entry the valor platform and benefits connected with these memberships. the same true for participants the other side the market investors. smart valor aims initially distribute only valor prime memberships institutional investors and around memberships individual investors. this model, similar traditional stock exchange model such the new york stock exchange (nyse), there only limited number memberships that are available any given time. therefore, the price the membership fluctuates depending supply and demand for the memberships. the nyse, the price the membership can reach usd. million during the high economic activity cycle. figure mechanics the supply and demand valor tokens listing volume the platform (demand for valor tokens) supply valor tokens time the confidence and the size the network grows, the company expects early adopters the platform the key beneficiaries the successful scaling the valor platform. here important note that smart valor plans dedicate significant part revenues the incentivization the platform users through the enactment comprehensive rewards program. the prerequisite for participation the rewards program the holding respective valor token stake. finally, needs pointed out that the company foresees the network growth being uninhibited the limited number memberships. memberships represent the incentive for early adopters the platform. these early adopters become vital stakeholders shaping the development the platform, contributing the selection investment products through voting, sourcing deals, providing insights and due diligence process and contributing the technical development the platform. the more actively they contribute, the greater the financial benefit will be. if, however, they choose not engage, the upside potential might lie for them the appreciation due the limited supply the tokens and memberships. comparable token-based models token-based platforms are relatively new invention terms the business model design. currently there are lot protocols and dapps being developed with different purposes and monetization criteria. until recently however, there were very few token-based investment platforms closely comparable the valor platform. certain degree, the valor platform can compared token-based cryptocurrency exchanges such binance and huobi. these exchanges issued their own token act payment for the use the exchange discounted terms (for example). since september the bnb token realized stunning return within months, while huobi peaked months respectively. smart valor research ... price source coinmarketcap.com figure binance, ltm price and volume figure huobi, ltm price and volume these models are only partially comparable. while functionality exchange also given the valor platform, the key difference that smart valor sees itself online investment platform which enables not only investment new digital assets but also tokenization real assets and offering banking services. additionally, its targeted investor segment more longterm oriented investment style opposed daily trading typical for exchanges. tokens that are backed real asset such real estate, shares companies and even funds, are fairly straight forward value. the value tokens not backed real assets, such ripple most ico coins, can estimated looking the total number network users total hash power (not confused with total tokens), accordance with metcalfe's law. icos can valued using the proposed "framework token confidence", these are likely valued more highly they first build investor confidence. coinmarketcap. binance coin (bnb) price, charts, market cap, and other metrics. retrieved from https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/binance-coin/ per august coinmarketcap. huobi token (ht) price, charts, market cap, and other metrics. retrieved from https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/huobi-token/ per august olga feldmeier, john hargrave& navroop sahdev how value created tokenized assets [ebook]. retrieved from https://papers.ssrn.com/sol/papers.cfm?abstract_id= drawing some numbers from exchanges like binance and networks such ripple, apparent that there direct correlation between investor confidence, use the platform and its native token price. for example, the ripple network, its daily payment transactions reached the sustainable growth levels and some major partnerships announcements have been made, the xrp price soared from .usd .usd rewarding investors with stunning within months between january its total market capitalization has that moment reached, staggering usd billion, while stood only modest usd million just year before. figure ripple transaction volume ltm price and trading volume coinmarketcap. xrp (xrp) price, charts, market cap, and other metrics. retrieved from https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/ripple/ per august figure ripple, ltm price and volume with view that ripple not fully distributed, decentralized network where xrp not needed pay transactions the sense the protocol native token such eth the ethereum public blockchain, the ripple price development demonstrates that the price any given token can rise significantly once the use case and expansion the platform confirmed increased participant transaction numbers. contrary these models, the valor token needed asset issuers and key partners engage the valor platform. the demand for valor tokens driven the number partners and prime investors. therefore, the valor token, given the timely adoption the valor platform and broad use its stablecoin chft has the potential significantly benefit its early contributors and adopters. overall, the combination increasing platform usage and limited token supply has been proven act proxy for increasing the token price multitude exchanges shown figure coinmarketcap. xrp (xrp) price, charts, market cap, and other metrics. retrieved from https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/ripple/ per august figure token valuations crypto exchanges comparison huobi bibox kucoin .yrs since ico .yrs since ico .yrs since ico spot perf: p.a. spot perf: p.a. spot perf: +%p.a. max perf.: max perf.: max perf.: launch: usd launch: usd launch: usd peak: usd peak: usd peak: usd spot: usd spot: usd spot: usd cryptobridge coss binance .yrs since ico .yrs since ico .yrs since ico spot perf: p.a. spot perf: p.a. spot perf: p.a. max perf.: max perf.: max perf.: launch: usd launch: usd launch: usd peak: usd peak: usd peak: usd spot: usd spot: usd spot: usd however, word caution, needs pointed out that the past performance current projects should not viewed reliable predictor the future performance other icos. coinmarketcap. cryptocurrency market capitalizations. retrieved from https://coinmarketcap.com per august bitcoin classic network effect, positive feedback loop. the more people who use bitcoin, the more valuable bitcoin for everyone who uses it, and the higher the incentive for the next user start using the technology. bitcoin shares this network effect property with the telephone system, the web, and popular internet services like ebay and facebook. marc andreessen, american entrepreneur, investor, and software engineer token sale summary token name symbol valor token valor technology erc- ethereum token type utility payment token unsold tokens ico start token allocation unsold tokens from allocation will burned earlier than october st, later than december st, total token supply million valor tokens total token for sale million valor tokens ico price chf (swiss franc) hard cap million valor tokens soft cap chf million (reached) payment accepted btc, eth and fiat currency pre-sale and tge bounty and network growth liquidity buffer retained for future development (locked-up for years) founders, employees and advisors team lock-up and vesting -months lock-up -year vesting period -months cliff period private pre-sale round million valor tokens bonus -month lock-up start: october private pre-sale round million valor tokens bonus -month lock-up period additional bonuses: bonus for additional -month lock-up bonus for participation between chf and chf bonus for participation chf start: april minimal contribution: chf pre-sale round million valor tokens bonus -month lock-up period additional bonuses: bonus for additional -month lock-up bonus for participation between chf and chf %-bonus for participation chf start: november finish: november cet (midnight) minimal contribution: chf trading venue distribution tokens valor platform and partner exchanges days after closure ico token generation and allocation smart valor will generate total valor tokens erc- tokens. these tokens will created the time the token generation event (tge), with valor tokens constituting the maximum number tokens ever generatable. the details the smart contract will published during the tge smart valor website. valor tokens can acquired during the pre-sale the valor token, during subsequent public ico afterwards the valor platform and some other major crypto exchanges. valor tokens will allocated follows: ('') will sold future users the valor platform during the pre-sale and ico. unsold tokens from this allotment will destroyed through token burn. ('') will retained for future development the valor platform. these tokens are locked and cannot accessed before ('') will used for early community incentivization and network growth. ('') will deployed for liquidity management after ico. ('') will reserved for founders, current and future employees, and advisors. figure token allocation pre-sale and ico bounties and network growth liquidity buffer future development founders, employees and advisors team allocation this allocation results the distribution the total amount tokens the community %), where reserved for the team, including founders and advisors, future employees, etc. align incentives smart valor with the interest contributors, significant part both the founders and employee's salary paid valor tokens. this part the salary subject -year vesting period. starting from the closing the ico, they receive quarterly distributions the tokens allocated them. all members the team have -month lock-up period the sales their tokens. additionally, there cliff period -months. only team members that stay with the company for least -months receive any token allocation all. from then onwards, they still not have access their total allocation but receive the quarterly distributions. therefore, team members leave, they will not continue receive tokens. their tokens can granted new team members that support development. these measures are put place incentivize the long-term commitment founders and employees. token sale process pre-sale and ico the token sale consists several rounds private pre-sale and eventually subsequent public ico. the hard cap the total amount tokens distributed during the pre-sale and ico fixed valor tokens. this means that more than million valor tokens will distributed during the pre-sale and ico. during the token sale, users acquire claim for delivery valor tokens, expected days after ico closure. these claims are non-transferrable prior final token distribution the wallets contributors the valor platform. stages the token sale private pre-sale round the number tokens sold each round capped. the first round took place october and valor tokens were successfully sold. this first round was reserved for strategic contributors early stage the project. total bonus was granted the contributors. all contributors agreed -month lock-up period after the closure the ico for the whole sum the allocated tokens. private pre-sale round the second round pre-sale started april and was capped valor tokens with bonus all tokens sold this round were subject lock-up period -months after the closure the ico. additional bonuses were granted for: bonus for additional -month lock-up period bonus for contribution equal larger than chf and lower than chf bonus for contribution equal larger than chf minimal contribution for participation was chf private pre-sale round the third round pre-sale starts november and runs until november cet (midnight). this round, valor tokens are for sale. bonus granted and tokens are subject lock-up period -months after the closure the ico. additional bonuses are granted for: bonus for additional -month lock-up period bonus for participation equal larger than chf and lower than chf bonus for participation equal larger than chf minimal contribution for participation chf the final ico the remaining valor tokens expected take place around the time the operational launch the valor platform. this facilitates regulatory compliance, the key utility the valor token will become available shortly after the distribution tokens. how participate? participation exclusively through the valor platform the round the token pre-sale will held directly the valor platform itself. participate the token sale, contributors need open account the valor platform and whitelist for the pre-sale. this means that eligibility for the token sale will proofed. all contributors need through identification process (kyc) according swiss anti money laundry act (amla). distribution limitations although valor tokens represent utility/payment tokens and not security tokens, there will distribution some countries opposing token sales, such china, well countries sanctions lists. for citizens, participation token sales limited accredited investors certain states only. smart valor has applied for exemption from registration requirements according regulation exemption (c). payment method during the pre-sale rounds, payment accepted swiss francs, bitcoin ether. the number tokens calculated based the current price bitcoin ether swiss franc the moment contract issuance. use funds figure budget overview (chf, million) salaries fte legal marketing offices other total the funds raised during the token sale will used further build out the technical platform, expand the valor platform and obtain the needed financial licenses switzerland and liechtenstein. this will involve extending the team from the end this year and full team employees (fte: full time equivalent) the end the company estimates that the total cost operation the valor platform for the next three years will amount around chf million. this number corresponds the goals the ico, where are the remaining tokens are locked for three years. this implementation strategy designed flexible way order able adjust the sequence asset types listed and the evolving regulatory effort needed. the key cost block connected security, development the technical infrastructure, legal fees, and minimal staff levels required for running banking institution. best-practice approach and advantages the token sale smart valor part different working groups dedicated the code conduct for icos and actively supporting the creation self-regulatory organization (sro) for icos. particularly, switzerland renowned for its long-standing tradition self-regulation financial services. therefore, smart valor's own ico crafted with the goal mind one best-practice examples. this will achieved through adherence the following principles: hard cap fundraising all contributors will through the kyc process according swiss compliance requirements allocation the founding team, employees and advisors vested over -year period with -months lock-up and -months cliff period funds raised will held protected wallets with multiple approvers process financial statements will certified public accountant and published annual basis quarterly performance updates will provided contributors and the wider community salaries paid founders and employees and will not exceed average market rates advantages token-based participation finally, needs pointed out that token-based participation holds several advantages comparison traditional equity-based early stage company funding: token participation represents non-dilatable participation project. contrary shares company, the number which can increased capital raise, the number tokens existence cannot increased. principle, similar bitcoin regards limited supply token, which are however difference bitcoin all pre-mined. every contributor stakeholder the network with clearly defined rewardcontribution-rights connected his her engagement the platform. incentives contributors, developers, and founders are fully aligned. are living through remarkable, historical period when the blockchain technology has arrived shift the balance power between the state and the people, between wall street and startup. olga feldmeier co-founder and ceo smart valor about smart valor smart valor was co-founded olga feldmeier, julien bringer (phd), thomas felber and oliver feldmeier and currently hosts offices zug (ch), munich (ge) and paris (fr). the team dedicated, diverse professionals boasts unique combination skills blockchain technology, security and cryptography, banking, software development and the implementation large-scale projects. smart valor currently head-quartered thomson reuters labs baar (canton zug). has been selected out hundreds applicants one the five companies hosted thomson reuters incubator. has also been nominated one the top european tech startups forbes. smart valor leadership team olga feldmeier ceo and co-founder olga visionary entrepreneur who focuses the intersection banking and blockchain technology. she was formerly commercial managing partner xapo, one the largest bitcoin custodians, where she enabled the first bitcoin license switzerland, historic regulation case the cryptocurrency space. prior xapo she served executive director wealth management division ubs (switzerland) charge distribution central and eastern europe. olga started her career the boston consulting group (germany) moving into investment banking barclay capital london. olga recognized global influencer nominated digital shapers switzerland, top female blockchain influencers, top power women fintech, and dubbed the media the 'bitcoin queen' switzerland oliver feldmeier coo and co-founder oliver expert delivery complex projects. has strong background managing large-scale technology projects the financial sector. previous roles include founder and managing director verto advisory (switzerland) and technology advisor capgemini (germany). holds mba from egade, tec monterrey, mexico, and masters degree from reutlingen university, germany. https://zg.chregister.ch/cr-portal/auszug/auszug.xhtml?uid=che-.. forbes: europes most exciting technology smes for retrieved from https://www.forbes.com/sites/davidprosser////europes--most-exciting-technology-smes-for- digital shapers bilanz. retrieved from https://storytelling.blick.ch/digital-shapers/hoffnungsvolle.html forbes: q&a with olga feldmeier, cryptoqueen and ceo, smart valor (). retrieved from https://www.forbes.com/sites/montymunford////qa-with-olga-feldmeier-cryptoqueen-and-ceo-smartvalor and international business times: meet the bitcoin queen switzerland's crypto valley julien bringer, phd chief security and cryptography and co-founder julien serial innovator. holds over patents and authored over publications security and cryptography. julien holds phd applied mathematics and computer science. former innovation programs lead global security and identity solution provider idemia, where also headed their cryptography and security expertise team for six years. today part iso "blockchain and distributed ledger technologies" leader the "security, privacy and identity" working group. thomas felber cto and co-founder thomas has over years experience building custom software products and solutions for multiple industries. the co-founder and head beezero the linde group's hydrogen-powered car-sharing initiative (germany). thomas was formerly the co-founder and managing partner software development and consultancy tekaris (germany) and senior consultant for enterprise application integration multiple industries. davide carboni, phd senior blockchain architect davide technical leader with many years experience acquired the intersection research and industry. worked for companies like intel corporation labs europe (ie and uk), tiscali (it), crs (it) and laboratoire ixl (fr). davide holds phd computer science. designed and developed several applications the blockchain and iot space. author more than scientific papers, two books, and pending patents davide was also cofounder iot startup paraimpu.com and consultant multiple blockchain related projects. additionally, the blockchain advisory board iib council. alexandra-daniela sowa head legal and compliance alexandra licensed lawyer with years experience banking supervisory, investor protection and post-trade transparency (fatca, mifid ii, mar). during the five years prior smart valor, alexandra led regulatory requirements team and was charge development compliant business and customer-oriented solutions across hsbc global private bank. before that she was head compliance operations zurich insurance. peter ruchatz chief growth officer peter has -year track record successfully growing and scaling businesses, holding international leadership positions the software and industry. joined smart valor from meteogroup where served chief product and marketing officer. veeam software, was global cmo helping double the business within years. prior veeam, was marketing salesforce.com and held product and marketing leadership roles microsoft germany and redmond, wa. earlier his career, served the head the software division gft.com. also held strategic management-consulting roles the boston consulting group. core team the rest the team consists today full-time experts involved the project including software developers, financial product experts, legal and compliance professionals and digital marketing. rodrigo acosta blockchain developer todor angelov blockchain developer kristian smilenov blockchain developer georgi ivanov lead radi dichev automation radko lyutskanov backend developer ivaylo papratilov backend developer piotr nowak team lead scrum master radoslav kirilov frontend lead daniel dimitrov frontend developer dimitar dreharov frontend developer felix simon business development director ivan anastassov project manager carmen iglesia head digital marketing mark faelmoca multimedia developer sheraz ahmed business development jessie yang business development pawel korczala engineer michael kollek data insights antony ivanov scrum product owner daniela bradutanu project& community manager artur tomaszewski backend developer delko lesev designer souhila ait mokhtar recruitment marek sledzinski lead architect michal perczak backend developer plamen kovachev devops engineer dimitar tabakov frontend developer natalia savitcaia events manager beverley kursten executive assistant advisors and contributing experts smart valor advisory board comprised entrepreneurs, investors and senior figures blockchain and banking industry. markus rinderer founder pay.on markus proven expert global cross-border ecommerce payments. the ex-ceo and founder pay.on, which had successful exit aci worldwide was previously senior and head platform business aci worldwide. markus also senior partner barikuta partners (an incubator) and the co-founder multiple fintech startups. yessin schiegg ex-advisory board member ethereum foundation, cfo status.im yessin known ambassador the ethereum foundation and cfo status.im, ethereum based decentralized mobile browser, wallet and instant messenger project. being swiss certified accountant, chartered financial analyst (cfa) and chartered alternative investment analyst (caia) supported the ethereum foundation with finance, operations, corporate structuring, tax and legal subject matters. john henry clippinger chief innovation officer and co-founder swytch.io, founder the token commons foundation john research scientist mit media lab and co-founder swytch.io, four software companies, and idcubed.org personal data non-profit). has senior level experience and with governments, large enterprises, nonprofits and institutes including santa institute, the world economic forum, harvard and harvard law school, mit media labs, and many more. john advisor several companies and foundations. denis shulakov vice president gazprombank denis currently head capital markets gazprombank, charge dcm, ecm, research and e-trading. was previously head russian investment banking and head public sector for russia and cis barclays capital. other former positions include head representative office barclays bank russia, head intourist ltd (london) and head the economic section the russian embassy london, uk. alain falys co-founder and chairman yoyo wallet (uk); technology entrepreneur, business executive, investor alain co-founded yoyo wallet, mobile payment and loyalty marketing platform europe. also co-founded and ran ob, the world's largest electronic invoicing network that floated the london aim stock market tungsten corporation plc. he's currently partner firestart.co (internet/software seed capital investment group) and his advisory roles include member rbs's technology advisory board, venture partner touchstone innovations plc, director pelican.ai, and onelinq. david johnston chairman the board factom inc active angle venture stage investor, david has been ceo several technology startups, board member advisor growth stage companies and open source software companies blockchain space. currently chairman the board factom and managing director yeoman's capital. other companies where serves advisor include abacus protocol, polymath, etc. ron chiong impact investor, ex-securities regulator and ex-trader ron currently avantfaire holding limited focusing impact investing and early stage technology ventures. formerly, was associate director the securities and futures commission responsible for fintech, crypto assets and other thematic research, and veteran proprietary trading, equity derivatives and trading platforms with standard chartered bank, bnp paribas, kbc financial products and nomura. daniel kornitzer executive vice president, chief business development officer paysafe group daniel evp chief business development officer paysafe group, global leading provider payment solutions, trusted businesses and consumers over countries, and with combined transactional volume billion and employees. daniel leads the global development strategic partnerships paysafe. also advisory board member shyft network, blockchain-based federated trust network built for compliance data protection. daniel has over years' experience technology management, product development and strategic partnerships. marius messerli, phd founder mindliner marius belongs the most active supporters crypto communities switzerland and bitcoin evangelizer. focusing several projects marius was one the first contributors valor network and iota, where serves both investor and full node operator. after his ph. biology marius co-founded bitplane, which was later acquired andor technology. with demonstrated history working the computer software industry, marius has established himself thought leader and experienced innovator. his current company, mindliner ag, focusing flagshop product that lets users filter and aggregate highdensity information and lie for action. thomas kern board member, swiss ict investor club thomas board member swiss ict investor club, swiss largest business angel club that connects smart money seed and early stage tech startups. previously, built the consulting domain data network integrator which was then acquired swisscom. thomas also works with credit suisse senior program manager and entrepreneur himself. holds master computer science from eth zurich and emba from hsg saint gallen. you can find the full list advisors www.smartvalor.com. partners first-mover and key shaper the space asset tokenization, smart valor started establish network partners across different industries. these partners are the initial base for establishing and growing the valor network the coming years. some the company's current partners include: ledger: market leader hardware security based cryptographic wallets ethereum alliance: global standards organization for enterprise ethereum specification undisclosed provider next-generation exchange technology assuring institution-grade throughput security future processing: software development service provider which has proven its quality over multiple years collaboration with us. prime holding: software development service provider ice center eth zurich, inter-disciplinary and inter-department r&d center eth zurich chainsecurity, security auditing and automated smart contract security scanners provider niederer kraft frey: leading swiss legal advisory specialized financial services and common law mme swiss legal advisory leading cryptocurrency and blockchain space pwc worldwide provider audit, legal and consulting pst legal consulting local legal advisory wilson elser moskowitz edelman dicker llp (us) this not exhaustive list some partners are not disclosed due confidentiality requirements. find out more about smart valor and the valor platform www.smartvalor.com our social channels: disclaimer and risk factors please read the following risk factors carefully prior purchasing valor tokens. acquisition valor tokens involves high degree risk. you should carefully consider the risks described below, together with all information contained this white paper before making the decision acquire valor tokens. the following risks entail circumstances under which, the smart valor business, financial condition, results operations and prospects could suffer. risks associated with the acquisition valor tokens smart valor may not successfully develop, market and launch the valor platform and protocol. the valor platform has not yet been fully developed smart valor and additional capital funding, well developer and management expertise, time and effort will necessary order fully develop and successfully launch version the valor platform which various types activities described this white paper can conducted (the "valor platform launch"). smart valor may have make changes the specifications the smart valor protocol valor tokens for any number legitimate reasons smart valor may unable develop the valor platform way that realizes those specifications any form functioning protocol. possible that there may never operational valor tokens operational valor platform. the smart valor protocol valor tokens, successfully developed and maintained, may not meet expectations holders valor tokens the time use. furthermore, despite good faith efforts develop and launch the valor platform and subsequently develop and maintain the valor platform, still possible that the valor platform will experience malfunctions otherwise fail adequately developed maintained, which may negatively impact the valor platform and valor tokens. smart valor will use the proceeds the pre-sale make significant investments develop operational version the valor platform and will subsequently continue enhance the valor platform's utility and value, with the goal achieving the valor platform launch. however, smart valor may not have may not able obtain the technical skills and expertise needed successfully complete development the valor platform and progress successful valor platform launch. while smart valor has sought retain and continue competitively recruit experts, there may shortage management, technical, scientific, research and marketing personnel with appropriate training develop and maintain the smart valor protocol. smart valor not successful its efforts demonstrate users the utility and value the valor platform, smart valor may not able proceed with the valor platform launch. the acquisition valor tokens may involve high degree risk. financial and operating risks confronting startups are significant. the startup market which smart valor competes highly competitive and the percentage companies that survive and prosper small. startups often experience unexpected problems the areas product development, marketing, financing, and general management, among others, which frequently cannot solved. addition, startups may require substantial amounts financing, which may not available through private placements, public markets otherwise. smart valor may forced cease operations take actions that result dissolution event. possible that, due any number reasons, including, but not limited to, unfavorable fluctuation the value cryptographic and currencies, the inability smart valor establish the valor tokens' utility, complete development the valor platform and proceed with the valor platform launch, the failure commercial relationships, intellectual property ownership challenges, smart valor may longer viable operate and smart valor may dissolve take actions that result dissolution event. risks associated with valor tokens and the valor platform the valor platform may not widely adopted and may have limited users. possible that the valor platform will not used large number individuals, companies and other entities that there will limited public interest the creation and development distributed ecosystems (such the valor platform) more generally distributed applications used the valor platform. such lack use interest could negatively impact the valor platform and the utility the valor tokens. the valor platform may the target malicious cyberattacks may contain exploitable flaws its underlying code, which may result security breaches and the loss theft valor tokens. the smart valor protocol's security compromised the valor platform subjected attacks that frustrate thwart users' ability access the smart valor protocol, their valor tokens the valor platform data monetization services, users may cut back stop using the valor platform altogether, which could seriously curtail the utilization the valor tokens. the valor platform structural foundation, the software application and other interfaces applications built upon the valor platform and underlying networks are still early development stage and are unproven, and there can assurances that the valor platform and the creating, transfer storage the valor tokens will uninterrupted fully secure, which may result complete loss users' valor tokens unwillingness users access, adopt, utilize and build upon the smart valor protocol. further, the valor platform may also the target malicious attacks seeking identify and exploit weaknesses the software the valor platform, which may result the loss theft valor tokens. for example, smart valor and the valor platform are subject unknown and known security attacks (such double-spend attacks, attacks, other malicious attacks), this may materially and adversely affect the valor platform. any such event, the valor platform launch does not occur the valor platform not widely adopted, the valor tokens would have utility. there may occasions when certain individuals involved the development and launch the valor platform may encounter potential conflicts interest connection with the valor platform launch, such that said party may avoid loss, even realize gain, when other holders valor tokens are suffering losses. there may occasions when certain individuals involved the development and launch the smart valor protocol valor tokens may encounter potential conflicts interest connection with the token sale and the valor platform launch, such that said party may avoid loss, even realize gain, when other holders the valor tokens are suffering losses. holders valor tokens may also have conflicting tax, and other interests with respect valor tokens, which may arise from the terms the valor tokens, the valor platform code, the valor platform, the timing the valor platform launch other valor token offerings, other factors. decisions made the key employees smart valor such matters may more beneficial for some holders valor tokens than for others. holders valor tokens may lack information for monitoring their holdings holder valor tokens may not able obtain all information would want regarding smart valor, valor tokens, the valor platform, timely basis all. possible that holder valor tokens may not aware timely basis material adverse changes that have occurred with respect the valor platform. while smart valor has made efforts use open-source development for the valor tokens, this information may highly technical nature. result these difficulties, well other uncertainties, holder valor tokens may not have accurate accessible information about the valor platform. valor tokens have history the valor token will newly formed token and has history. each valor token should evaluated the basis that smart valor any third party's assessment the prospects the smart valor protocol may not prove accurate, and that smart valor will not achieve its business objective. the valor platform unable satisfy data protection, security, privacy, and other government-and industry-specific requirements, its growth could harmed. there are number data protection, security, privacy and other government- and industryspecific requirements, including those that require companies notify individuals data security incidents involving certain types personal data. security compromises could harm the valor platform's reputation, erode user confidence the effectiveness its security measures, negatively impact its ability attract new users, cause existing users stop using the valor platform. the further development and acceptance blockchain networks, including the valor platform, which are part new and rapidly changing industry, are subject variety factors that are difficult evaluate. the slowing stopping the development acceptance blockchain networks and blockchain assets would have material adverse effect the successful development and adoption the valor platform and the valor tokens. the growth the blockchain industry general, well the blockchain networks with which the valor platform will rely and interact, subject high degree uncertainty. the factors affecting the further development the cryptocurrency industry, well blockchain networks, include, without limitation: worldwide growth the adoption and use eth, and other blockchain technologies government and quasi-government regulation eth, and other blockchain assets and their use, restrictions regulation access and operation blockchain networks similar systems the maintenance and development the open-source software protocol the eth networks changes consumer demographics and public tastes and preferences the availability and popularity other forms methods buying and selling goods and services, trading assets including new means using fiat currencies existing networks; general economic conditions and the regulatory environment relating cryptocurrencies decline the popularity acceptance eth other blockchain-based tokens would adversely affect the results operations. the slowing stopping the development, general acceptance and adoption and usage blockchain networks and blockchain assets may deter delay the acceptance and adoption the valor platform and the valor tokens. the prices blockchain assets are extremely volatile. fluctuations the price digital assets could materially and adversely affect the business. the prices blockchain assets such eth have historically been subject dramatic fluctuations and are highly volatile. several factors may influence the utility the valor tokens, including, but not limited to: global blockchain asset supply global blockchain asset demand, which can influenced the growth retail merchants' and commercial businesses' acceptance blockchain assets like cryptocurrencies payment for goods and services, the security online blockchain asset exchanges and digital wallets that hold blockchain assets, the perception that the use and holding blockchain assets safe and secure, and the regulatory restrictions their use holders' expectations with respect the rate inflation changes the software, software requirements hardware requirements underlying the smart valor protocol and valor platform changes the rights, obligations, incentives, rewards for the various participants the smart valor protocol and valor platform interest rates currency exchange rates, including the rates which digital assets may exchanged for fiat currencies monetary policies governments, trade restrictions, currency devaluations and revaluations regulatory measures, any, that affect the use blockchain assets such the valor tokens the maintenance and development the open-source software protocol the valor platform; global regional political, economic financial events and situations. decrease the price single blockchain asset may cause volatility the entire blockchain asset industry and may affect other blockchain assets including the valor tokens. for example, security breach that affects valor token holder user confidence eth may affect the industry whole and may also cause the utility the valor tokens and other blockchain assets uncertain. loss private key and risks associated with the wallet valor tokens can only accessed using ethereum wallet with combination the investor's account information and private key password. the valor token can stolen the private key password lost stolen. smart valor and any its employees, bodies, contractors are not responsible for the wallet which valor tokens are transferred and they are not responsible for the access and security wallet, for any security breach, any loss resulting from service wallet provider, including any termination service the wallet provider and/or bankruptcy the wallet provider. anyone investing valor tokens confirms that they understand the working wallet and the related risks. lack consensus miners and risks related forking the network miners ultimately control smart valor and that there warranty assurance that the network miners will allocate the valor token the investor proposed any terms. the network miners could agree any time make changes the valor token and run new version the smart contract. group people may take the software and modify accept different set tokens, tokens, which might devalue the valor token. important notices and further considerations this white paper prospectus the sense art. and swiss code obligations any other applicable regulations. this white paper not prospectus set forth and regulated art. and swiss code obligations, under the european prospectus regulation, under any other applicable law and regulations. this white paper just draft and investors should-reassess the final white paper the time issuance the valor token based the final version. this white paper has not been reviewed reviewed any regulator. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this white paper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this white paper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. cautionary note forward looking statements this white paper may contain certain forward-looking statements including, but not limited to, statements future operating results and plans that involve risks and uncertainties. use words such "expects", "anticipates", "believes", "estimates", the negative these terms and similar expressions identify forward looking statements. such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance achievements the valor token and/or the valor platform differ materially from any future results, performance achievements expressed implied those projected the forward-looking statements for any reason. exclusion liability the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations and rules, smart valor shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this white paper any part thereof you. legal, regulatory, tax advice information this white paper should considered business, legal, financial tax advice regarding the valor token, the valor platform, and the sale valor tokens. you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional adviser regarding smart valor and their respective businesses and operations, the valor tokens, and the sale the token. you should aware that you may required bear the financial risk any purchase valor tokens for indefinite period time. the tax characterization the valor tokens uncertain, and each investor must seek its own tax advice connection with the acquisition the valor tokens. the acquisition valor tokens pursuant the token sale may result adverse tax consequences investors, including withholding taxes, income taxes and tax reporting requirements. each person acquiring valor tokens should consult with and must rely upon the advice its own professional tax advisors with respect the tax treatment acquisition the valor tokens. you should consult with your own advisor regarding your legal, regulator, and tax position. prohibition distribution and dissemination restricted jurisdictions. the distribution dissemination this white paper any part thereof may prohibited restricted the laws, regulatory requirements and rules any jurisdiction. the case where any restriction applies, you are inform yourself about, and observe, any restrictions which are applicable your possession this white paper such part thereof (as the case may be) your own expense and without liability smart valor the valor platform. persons whom copy this white paper has been distributed disseminated, provided access who otherwise have the white paper their possession shall not circulate any other persons, reproduce otherwise distribute this white paper any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever not permit cause the same occur. the regulatory regime governing the blockchain technologies, cryptocurrencies, tokens and token offerings such valor platform and the valor tokens uncertain, and new regulations policies may materially adversely affect the development the valor platform and the utility the valor tokens. regulation tokens (including the valor tokens) and token offerings such this, cryptocurrencies, blockchain technologies, and cryptocurrency exchanges currently undeveloped and likely rapidly evolve, varies significantly among international, federal, state and local jurisdictions and subject significant uncertainty. various legislative and executive bodies the united states and other countries may the future, adopt laws, regulations, guidance, other actions, which may severely impact the development and growth the valor platform and the adoption and utility the valor tokens. failure smart valor certain users the valor platform comply with any laws, rules and regulations, some which may not exist yet are subject interpretation and may subject change, could result variety adverse consequences, including civil penalties and fines. blockchain networks also face uncertain regulatory landscape many non-u.s. jurisdictions such the european union, china and russia. various non-u.s. jurisdictions may, the near future, adopt laws, regulations directives that affect the valor platform. such laws, regulations directives may conflict with those the u.s. may directly and negatively impact the smart valor business. the effect any future regulatory change impossible predict, but such change could substantial and materially adverse the development and growth the valor platform and the adoption and utility the valor tokens. new changing laws and regulations interpretations existing laws and regulations, the u.s. and other jurisdictions, may materially and adversely impact the value the eth virtual currency used acquire valor tokens and otherwise materially and adversely affect the structure valor tokens and the rights the holders valor tokens. issuance valor tokens may constitute the issuance "security" under u.s. federal securities laws the valor token utility token that has specific consumptive use i.e., allows participants the valor platform receive and pay value for data sharing individuals and entities, and make data available, distributed network with significant advantages over current data sharing solutions. due the nature the valor tokens and the manner, which they are being offered, not think they should considered "securities", that term defined the securities act amended (the "securities act"). valor tokens might only distributed "accredited investors" defined securities laws and not more than non-qualified investors under the prospectus regulation. appendix competitive landscape the startups space competitive landscape the startups space has just started emerge. comparable business models vary between platforms strictly focused provision tokenization services (polymath), crypto currency exchanges expanding into distribution other crypto assets (binance), alternative liquidity providers (bancor) and multitude focused businesses (t-zero). the full list and comparative analysis provided appendix ii. polymath the polymath network blockchain-based system that coordinates and incentivizes participants collaborate and launch financial products the blockchain. the polymath team aims create standard token protocol that embeds defined requirements into the tokens themselves easing the primary issuance and secondary trading blockchain security tokens. the st- token planned hold the legal and compliance features required for security tokens. the polymath network blockchain-based system for launching financial products. the polymath team aims create security token standard able operate securities according legal and compliance requirements. differentiation factors polymath specialized the development its securitization-focused technology, order create the token equivalent security and fulfilling all the regulatory requirement security. currently has nothing with alternative investments, which are smart valor's focus. despite its barbados incorporation, polymath canadian company and fully focused the sec regulation and requirements. trusttoken trusttoken us-based platform create asset-backed tokens. the first asset token created the trusttoken platform trueusd, stablecoin that can redeemed -for- for dollars which have received some regulatory approval. according trusttoken, the next one two years, expects holders trust tokens able participate staking, but it's unforeseeable how soon will able open its platform for other entities create new asset-backed tokens. trusttoken describes itself "securitization company, are waiting one the last followers sec clarity utility tokens". for participants the coinlist sale, the token itself should become available buyers sometime between january and the first quarter polymath. (). whitepaper. retrieved from https://polymath.network/whitepaper.html trusttoken. (). tokenization you can trust. retrieved from https://www.trusttoken.com latoken latoken blockchain platform for tokenized real-world assets. any asset can accommodated, including securities, commodities, real estate, fine art, etc. while securities were traded this has been halted due unknown reasons and the exchange currently limited cryptocurrencies and ico listings. they plan add works art and real estate. the asset-backed tokens are linked the fiat value the underlying asset, and have set lifetime. pre-determined settlement date, the asset's fiat value will settled lat tokens. during the asset's lifetime held approved third-party lat custodian. differentiation factors latoken based russia and the lat foundation limited, the legal counterparty and holding company latoken incorporated the cayman islands. whereas the cayman islands offer multiple advantages for holding companies, the legal setup expected rather negative for the tokenization regulated assets. also, latoken does not currently offer alternative investments and seems unlikely return this, due the termination its security tokenization. also, the holding setup via lat approved custodian has reason simultaneously raises new and sensitive risks. lykke lykke zero-commission crypto exchange founded switzerland, lykke offers user-friendly, commission-free trading platform for cryptocurrencies that compliance risk managed. immediate settlement and direct ownership enabled the blockchain. addition the crypto exchange, lykke developing margin trading, automated trading strategy, and payment services. additionally, lykke has issued its own fiat-pegged tokens, similar tether. differentiation factors lykke has activities the alternative investments asset class. strongly focused its trading platform and fiat-pegged currencies. aiming achieve financial licenses all around the world, including the us, but currently only licensed cyprus and the pacific island vanuatu. gibraltar blockchain exchange gbx subsidiary the gibraltar stock exchange and supported the local regulators. its aim create listing platform for utility tokens, subject the vetting procedures and requirements gbe. the gibraltar stock exchange further plans become blockchain-based stock exchange. differentiation factors due the backing the gibraltar stock exchange, gbx has good standing regarding the compliance requirements for tokenized securitization. however, gibraltar suffers from less positive image its jurisdiction attracted questionable businesses. the consequences brexit are another competitive disadvantage. while access the market expected increase, remains seen how developments with the will turn out. its business offering, gbx currently limited new token offerings and remains develop its trading facilities all together. tzero latoken. latoken. retrieved from https://latoken.com/ lykke. bitcoin, and digital assets trading app lykke. retrieved from https://www.lykke.com/ gibraltar blockchain exchange. building world-leading token sale platform and cryptocurrency exchange. retrieved from https://gbx.gi/ tzero us-based company that aims increase the efficiency and transparency capital markets via blockchain-powered trading system. tzero was founded overstock.com, which has added strategic acquisition certified alternative trading system operating approximately equity flows. adding blockchain technology the existing securities trading infrastructure and serving existing capital market players will address current shortcomings. tzero has launched the first privately held bond and equity the blockchain. differentiation factors the regulatory side tzero very similar that smart valor that they offer full compliance current regulation. however, sec-regulated trader, tzero currently fully focused the market. security trading subject local licensing, whenever tzero intends trade non-us underlyings, the company will subject the local licensing the underlying title distribution authorization thereof. smart valor focuses non-us titles and its main distribution swiss and users where regulation limits other geographies. bnktothefuture bnktothefuture company incorporated the cayman islands, with offices the and hong kong. online investment platform for professional and accredited investors and has investments fintech, bitcoin and blockchain deals listed its platform. residents can transact bnktothefuture thanks the company's cooperation with keystone capital corporation, inc., registered broker-dealer with finra and member sipc. keystone operates sections bnktothefuture where regulation offerings filed with the sec are conducted. currently focuses crowdsourced financing for fintech and crypto companies. differentiation factors bnktothefuture currently limits all its users accredited investors, narrowing the participants start-up funding. for residents has legitimate setup with its broker-dealer collaboration. mainly based the uk, will also need create setup for post-brexit services within the eea that complies with regulations. contrast, smart valor applies user limitation only accordance with some asset class restrictions, not generally accredited investors. furthermore, its setup primarily assures participation for swiss and eea investors. bancor bancor token exchange that created trading setup with liquidity provision through automated market-making mechanism that goes beyond traditional order book matching the exchange service accessible without user registration. today bancor's offer limited cryptocurrency tokens. the advantage the bancor model that allows investors sell tokens directly back the issuer without having find buyer the other side. this supported the capital raised relay held bancor, which used for market-making. differentiation factors bancor primarily exchange. does not only offer intra-token exchange but also access network relays and bounty programs for new tokens. beyond crypto tokens bancor does not offer alternative investments smart valor. its distribution does not follow regulatory requirements does not conduct user verification bancor relies the used verificartion done the user's wallet providers). this another stark difference smart valor beyond complying with the usual kyc and aml legislation, tzero. tzero. retrieved from https://www.tzero.com/ bnktothefuture. bnktothefuture.com online investment platform. retrieved from https://bnktothefuture.com/ bancor. bancor. retrieved from https://about.bancor.network will also comply with pertinent trading requirements swiss organized trading facility and liechtenstein bank where necessary. binance binance chinese company, incorporated hong kong and tokyo which has been existence for less than year went through its own ico and grew significantly the last months. ico lab has been created with focus supporting and listing potential strategic partner icos. regulatory set-up: having moved from china/hk japan after china's clamp down crypto exchanges, binance was looking avoid regulatory issues. since then binance suspended the trading china-based coins. however, march japan's financial watchdog issued warning binance for operating without registration, possibility starting criminal investigations. this led the company search for yet another jurisdiction. switzerland, being extremely crypto friendly jurisdiction, was obviously not considered known for its strict anti-money-laundry requirements. instead the company said looking malta and bermuda. differentiation factors regulation: fully compliant regulatory set-up smart valor switzerland, the country where was founded and headquartered, one the key competitive advantages. binance being originally chinese company was able grow fast due lax regulatory approach. this growth paths will provide more challenges the future more regulatory scrutiny expected most credible jurisdictions. product: smart valor has more strategic view the broader alternative asset class including security tokens and tokenization real assets, aiming far beyond icos. binance very strong the cryptocurrency space and currently building out ico services like advisory, funding and listing which are mostly around exchange providers that qualify for future partnerships. security: binance was reported hit series hacking attacks. while this one the major risk factors the operational model any exchange, smart valor takes different approach partnering with leading providers the crypto security space such ledger, build out its institutions-grade ledger vault secure storage solution. similarities between binance and smart valor: both companies have community-based approach and are financed through issuance their own currency. also, the structure and functionality their tokens are similar. binance. blockchain and crypto asset exchange. retrieved from https://www.binance.com appendix synthesis security measures weak user authentication use strong authentication methods, multi-factors enabled. antiphishing server impersonation (cf. fido, nist --), with stepup authentication (risk-based and for sensitive operations). implementing secure recovery mechanism (to avoid easy failure points such the still quite common recovery password email). wallet theft (private key) integration secure hardware wallets (e.g. ledger) and online wallet with secure key management and secure backup recovery function. wallet transaction takeover spoofing transparent wallet integration when possible (hardware wallet) avoid manual process, and wallet authentication against the mitm attack (for instance thwart modification public address malicious one). strong binding transaction execution with authentication process, including strong authentication and dynamic linking, and following principles server-based electronic signature when relying smart valor wallet. long term saving tokens system availability for trading trust consortium blockchain confidentiality and privacy issues transparency asset and fiat custody european secure custody: cold storage with multi-signature, redundancy integrity, hardware-based security. consortium blockchain: highly available, redundant, and anti-ddos hosting solution for timely transactions. onboarding diverse kinds members run nodes. authentication nodes via trusted for pki, secure certificates sharing. use fault attack-resistant consensus mechanism (and following state the art integrate regularly recent solutions for improved efficiency and higher attack resilience). secure setup initial with central trusted authority later bootstrapping with pki setup. data rest encrypted. consortium blockchain transactions are encrypted among the consortium, secure communication. only necessary data kept. audit logs checked regularly verify security breaches and legal compliance (gdpr). auditable transactions and operations via external auditing services and public blockchain anchoring. fiat security through bank license requirement and asset security via escrow notary services. banking authority. regulatory technical standards strong customer authentication and secure communication under psd. retrieved from http://www.eba.europa.eu/regulation-and-policy/payment-servicesand-electronic-money/regulatory-technical-standards-on-strong-customer-authentication-and-securecommunication-under-psd/-/regulatory-activity/consultation-paper;jsessionid=abefff anti-front-running transparent and automatic order smart contract with integrated price discovery feature. secure remote services state the art remote service security hsts with use full tls, anti xss (e.g. x-xss-p). organizational policies use strict management role-based attribute-based access controls with separation privileges, spof, direct access assets and keys isolated administrator. dedicated key management service. security audit use internal and external auditors, security certification. secure access for external auditors, e.g. when mandatory regulations, with adaptive privacy protection give access only necessary information. nodes security use secure software hardware enclaves (e.g. sgx tee would the minimum prerequisite, hsm for the critical system secure keys). secure connections between nodes and the rest the valor platform. architecture isolation and protection firewall network and between different layers, reverse proxies, defining permissions, whitelisting users and ip, intrusion detection systems for platform hosting environment. rogue administrator software security additional authorization from another administrator needed for sensitive admin operations. security design approach, following best practices (e.g. owasp recommendations for web applications, security sdlc). smart contract security security audits (internal and external), reuse existing building blocks, release code for community review, early deployment testnets, formal specification formal validation when possible. user education awareness addition all measures, undertake efforts educate users avoid scams risks and other related threats. baarerstrasse zug switzerland enterprise identification number che-..