snip the decentralized, user-generated news platform abstract (vision) news broken. small group corporations decide which information worthy print, promoting clickbait and biased articles, and people who create great content are rarely rewarded for their hard efforts. wonder that trust the media all-time low. snip new type news platform, decentralized and powered the community. snip, anyone can write news story about any topic, and readers can find news that matters them. contributors are rewarded with tokens according the popularity their posts and comments. community-based news site, owned the community, can become the top news site the world and cover any subject, from breaking news entertainment and everything between. the content the platform personalized for each user using open-source newsfeed algorithm, and users can choose their own algorithm. since people prefer reading short and concise stories, the default algorithm assigns higher value short content. snip strongly believe that there shouldn't single arbiter the truth and that relying content selected the mainstream media form censorship. snip content not censored and stored decentralized manner. users will choose their own trusted content filters, allowing them ignore specific words sources content, but any legal content meeting basic community standards (e.g. not spam) will allowed stay the platform. "not everyone can become great writer, but great writer can come from anywhere." table contents introduction solution snip overview freedom speech content creation personalization content filtering safety encouraging diverse, high-quality content privacy snip and the open web distribution user acquisition business model subscriptions tipping advertising ad-free version the snip token (snipcoin) roadmap business landscape competition snip advantages crowdsale budget allocation frequently asked questions references referrals token holder promotion discovery viral content introduction the internet has profoundly changed the news industry. the past, local and national publishers enjoyed monopoly the distribution information, providing them with strong hold reader's attention, which turn provided them with constant stream revenue from advertisers. the barriers entry for new publishers were high, requiring them have enough capital buy rent printing presses. the first sign change appeared when e-mail list named craigslist turned into website for classified advertisements. classified ads were strong source revenue for newspapers worldwide, and few years craigslist and similar websites practically destroyed this source revenue. study shows that from the news industry lost approximately billion classified revenues craigslist. from the launch craigslist today, it's safe assume that the industry has lost more than billion revenue due craigslist alone. classified ads aren't the only reason news outlets became less profitable. when news outlets moved from printed papers the internet and started offering advertising space, they longer held monopoly. the same ads that appeared their websites appeared blogs and non-news platforms, and eventually superior ads appeared google and later facebook. with more advertising options, brands paid less for real estate, leaving publishers with less income. the same time, the internet created major new problem for publishers the need create unique content. when distribution was owned publishers they could afford create poor content which was substantially similar content from other news providers, and readers couldn't easily switch different news outlet. the internet, users are always click away from competitor's website, and publisher's content isn't engaging enough, quickly ignored favor another news outlet. the internet brought another important revolution the rise user-generated content. instead readers hoping get column published known newspaper, now anyone can create website and broadcast their thoughts the world. this change has been facilitated early platforms like geocities and blogger.com and later wordpress, tumblr, medium, facebook, and others. user-generated content has gradually gained more and more reader's attentions, leaving classic publishers with smaller share attention and smaller share revenue. the competition with user-generated content especially tough for news outlets, since many users create basic news content for free, hoping propagate their ideas and not necessarily expecting profit. most news outlets were unable create high-quality content good enough compete the internet age, and order stay business they pivoted three main types content: entertainment for example. quizzes like "which harry potter character are you?" amusing photos like the best-looking politicians the world." clickbait articles for example "you'll never believe how this girl ..." provocative op-eds for example, "this scandal shows everything that's wrong with..." some cases, several types content are combined together, such "three reasons why the democratic/republican party ruining america". users don't value this kind content and most them don't develop loyalty news brands who publish it, but the entertainment and outrage drive user traffic, which provides enough revenue keep the publisher business. monetization internet content the beginning the internet age, text and image ads had relatively high conversion rate allowing corporate and independent websites monetize their content directly. over time, users got used the ads and started ignoring them, causing click rates down and revenues decline. many websites responded with more disruptive ads (pop-ups, autoplay videos, etc.), which turn alienated users and encouraged the adoption ad-blockers. today, publishers internet content have use one the following methods order able generate revenues. ... subscriptions the most direct method monetize content online charge for access the content. subscriptions are growing source revenue, partly thanks the elections [,] but are mostly limited high-end brands like the new york times, the economist, and the wall street journal. most news outlets don't have enthusiastic, affluent following which willing pay, and must provide their content for free survive. large majority people view news content product which should provided users for free and subsidized ads. ... networks tracking traditional ads are still important part the news ecosystem and the main source revenue for most news outlets. instead serving their own ads, most websites present ads through networks, companies which track users across the internet, gather various types information about their habits, and attempt present the most relevant ads. this achieved planting "cookies" kind digital tracker) internet browsers, allowing the networks follow single user they browse various websites. attempt create more engaging ads, sometimes networks will also purchase data users from online data brokers, who collect data users various methods [,] the tracking methods applied networks are generally hidden, and users are kept ignorant the data collected them. the most famous network google's adsense, but there are many lesser-known networks that are quite widespread. for growing number users, the price networks not only less privacy but also higher data bill. many websites the browser loads more tracker data than actual content, and most the loading time the website various ads and trackers for users who are browsing the internet mobile device, this means higher data costs and inferior user experience. the data costs have been another contributing factor the prevalence ad-blockers, especially developing markets, seen the following chart despite the massive use trackers internet websites, ad-blockers and low click rates have reduced the efficiency standard advertising, encouraging the rise native advertising. ... native advertising definition from wikipedia native advertising type advertising, mostly online, that matches the form and function the platform upon which appears. many cases, manifests either article video, produced advertiser with the specific intent promote product, while matching the form and style which would otherwise seen the work the platform's editorial staff. the word "native" refers this coherence the content with the other media that appears the platform. the most noticeable examples native advertising are the promoted search results google and the sponsored posts facebook. these ads are very effective and account for more than the revenue the two companies billion the main reason that native advertising effective that most users fail notice that specific piece content sponsored, and click assuming the platform actually providing them with the most relevant content. the past years, news websites have gradually embraced the trend native advertising. since the native format these websites news articles, their ads consist commercial content disguised regular news article. some news outlets mark the content sponsored but many not and many times users reach these articles via social media and don't ever see indication that the content sponsored. opposed commercials networks, native advertising requires the advertiser create content specifically for single platform. this provides significant advantage large platforms, which have the scale needed make native content creation worthwhile, and also have the sale force necessary engage the advertisers. effectively, small news websites and bloggers can't utilize native advertising. ... affiliates donations small news outlets and bloggers use networks but usually can't generate significant income from them. instead, they depend upon affiliate ads and reader donations. the profits are meager, but enough maintain many sites. the consolidation the internet the trends described previously have created winner-takes-all environment, which facebook and google reap large majority the revenue [,] facebook, specifically, holds great deal user's attention, allowing the company influence the type content made news publishers. for instance, satisfy the preferences the facebook newsfeed algorithm, news outlets are creating original video content which intended solely for their facebook audience the past few years, news outlets have created significant amount native content facebook encourage users engage with their website, with facebook enjoying the revenue associated with the content and refusing share with publishers. independent bloggers who want reach large audience also post facebook, with hope receiving portion the income that facebook reaps from user's engagement with the posts. alternatively, they can post blogging website like medium tumblr, even twitter, but there still have hope receiving cash reward for their great content. facebook's control over the internet especially worrisome because its walled garden. the content facebook isn't the open web and blocked search engines. users who try access without facebook account encounter annoying pop-ups encouraging them sign in, and often cannot access the content all. the same true for twitter posts, though lesser extent. the people who suffer the most from the current system are independent bloggers and small news outlets. unless they succeed creating extremely viral content, these content creators have basically way create content profitably. unfortunately, even high-quality viral content may not profitable enough pay the bills. mother jones story private prisons the reached massive audience and was discussed nationally, but only racked revenue, while costing the magazine this example demonstrates that the current system not sustainable for great investigative journalism outside the main news outlets. solution snip solving the problems the news industry requires product which isn't incremental improvement but revolutionary advancement. such solution would have create significant value for news consumers, transparent and fair the distribution news, and award great content creators. overview snip decentralized, user-generated news platform where anyone can write news story ("snip") about topic their choice, and read news the issues they care about. the platform has editor deciding what's fit print and the decision which content view made personally, community users. snip's goal become the place where people learn and stay updated any subject politics, tech, sports, art, philosophy, etc. the stories are presented readers algorithmic feed, tailored each user's interests using open-source algorithms (detailed section .). people are busy and prefer read concise content, the platform will oriented towards short content. writers will able post content any length.. the platform powered the community, with members writing stories, voting the best stories, engaging discussions, and rewarding contributors with tokens. the important role community feedback gives writers incentive create high-quality content. the voting mechanism also assists personalizing content for users, creating feed which truly valuable and interesting. harnessing the power the community, snip aims become the top news destination every subject. importantly, the product will accessible anyone, and will not require understanding cryptocurrencies and tokens. the snip platform will feature new ethereum-based (erc) token named snipcoin, which used buy products the snip network and reward content contributors. the role the token detailed the following pages. freedom speech opposed other platforms, users the snip community will enjoy freedom speech, without centralized authority dictating right from wrong. therefore: snip does not censor content the platform. users will never banned shadow banned. ensure the integrity the content, all posts and comments will stored the decentralized service ipfs. the snip website, content may redacted according local law, for instance cases copyright violations violent threats. content creation news stories need original and provide insight. stories that copy content from existing news story (without consent the creator) remain the ipfs network but not appear the snip platform, and the writer notified. content contributors are asked provide references for stories (if such reference exists), and decide the percentage they want share with the referenced publisher, with minimum, figure which subject future changes based the discretion the snip company. revenue sharing rewards original journalism and helps flourish, especially once snip becomes large platform where many people get their news. the snip company will share revenue with individual contributors, publishers non-profits (such wikipedia) but not with corporations governments that offer content for free. course, regardless the snip company's policy, members the community can reward tokens for content their own terms. personalization content filtering the snip platform intended the most complete news source any topic current event. result, the volume content will certainly more than any single user can consume. the solution personal feed with customized content. the algorithm aims reach high hit rate meaning that the feed should contain large percentage articles which interest the reader. this enables high quality notifications, keeping users informed about the topics they value most. reach high hit rate, the content personalized for each user using open-source algorithms, some developed the snip company and some the community. users choose their own preferred personalization algorithm when they register, and can change any time. they can follow favorite contributors, boosting them the algorithm. making the algorithms open source, opposed those platforms like facebook twitter, snip ensures transparency and allows for the kind constant improvement that only community contributors can achieve. stark contrast today's news publishers, snip has editorial board and does not decide which stories are fit print and which are not. assist developers, snip provides api and publishes sample datasets allow developers test their own algorithms. the following partial list features which are will available developers: post publish date. text features keywords, topic, length, etc. reactions from similar users. likes. dislikes. marked spam. comments. list the user's followed contributors. contributors' metadata including number followers, region, language, etc. the snip company rewards developers for creating useful personalization algorithms with tokens reserved for that purpose. safety users need feel safe when using the snip platform. therefore, along with choosing their preferred news feed personalization algorithm, users can add their own rules filter out content that they prefer not see. for example, users may choose not view content they believe fake news, content deemed poor quality community members they trust. this can done few ways:: blocking posts comments from specific users. blocking specific words (or word groups) from appearing the personal newsfeed notifications. choosing spam filter users can choose their own spam filter (or filter all), the same manner the personalization algorithm. default, these filters are not public that each user's privacy protected. course, users can choose share these filters publicly they want, allowing others utilize them. encouraging diverse, high-quality content snip's goal cover everything happening the world, but some things are much easier write about than others. for instance, may take writer seconds share funny anecdote, whereas explaining complicated scientific breakthrough simple words could easily take the same writer minutes. the only incentive for content contributors the number clicks likes, most the content the platform remains basic, easy-to-create content, and high-quality content not rewarded. avoid this, the snip company uses portion the tokens incentive mechanism the following manner: rewarding scarce content tokens will added content categories that are poorly represented the platform. if, for instance, there shortage live sports coverage the platform, bonus tokens will rewarded specifically live sports snips. suggestions from readers readers express interest event news story, these requests are posted anonymously, and writers receive bonus tokens for writing snip the requested subject story. categories and reader suggestions are visible everyone the community and all writers have the opportunity collect the bonus tokens writing engaging story. assist the news feed algorithms and the incentive systems, contributors are required note the category their snip. some the suggested categories are: breaking news science and technology news politics op/ed live sports machine learning algorithms can help contributors with the categorization and readers are encouraged flag content categorized incorrectly. additional algorithm receives the writer's decided category and user feedback and decides the appropriate category. all algorithms are open-source and available the community. privacy user data private and never shared with third-parties. user votes are private and cannot seen anyone else, unless the user decides share them. snip and the open web the content published the platform searchable and available for everyone read and does not require logging providing personal information, such email address facebook login. professional content, intended for subscribers, will locked non-paying users. this expected only small minority the content the platform. distribution user acquisition major challenge consumer media distribution and user acquisition. many media companies which create valuable content are unable gain users low price, and high customer acquisition costs (cac) combined with the low lifetime value (ltv) the ads business, create unprofitable businesses. therefore, creating viral product crucial building successful media company. snip, we're applying three unique methods solve this problem and build company which consistently profitable. referrals users who refer their friends the platform will receive small token reward, helping attract critical mass users the platform. the referrers will only rewarded their friends become day-to-day users the platform, substantially reducing the risk gaming the system. the cost tokens expected significantly lower than spending since people are much more inclined receive friend's referral than respond advertisement. addition, users will probably refrain from referring friends who won't interested the product because those will not help them gain tokens. token holder promotion token holders have vested interest that the platform prospers and offers more content and services. therefore, they are likely promote the product family and friends, without cost the company. discovery viral content for the past months, the snip company has been collecting high-resolution data the virality content online, with focus social networks and news websites. using this data, the company applying machine learning technologies (nlp, statistical analyses, etc) find topics which are most likely gain traction social networks. the topics will recommended our community writers, allowing them produce extremely viral content and collect token rewards. this technology has already proven itself the current product. business model keep the snip ecosystem healthy and prosperous, snip relies variety income sources: subscriptions tipping advertising ad-free version users don't like ads and the goal minimize the revenue from ads and focus other revenue streams, but for the foreseeable future expect our revenue include all four these sources. majority the revenue each category goes content contributors, further incentivizing people create great content. the snip company takes small cut, allowing for hiring talent, product development, and day-to-day operations. subscriptions snip offers engaging subscription service, paid for monthly, with tokens. our first widespread offering audio snips. audio snips personalized feed the stories users find most interesting, audio form. audio snips can replace supplement listening the news the radio. this aimed commuters, people with disabilities, and anyone who enjoys listening the news. this projected very popular offering. additional subscription service snip offers professional content stream, meaning summaries technical developments specific field profession. the professional content service can help users keep up-to-date their professional field, whether cancer research, database technology, south african politics. some topics are, course, geared towards small niche market. the expectation that these topics develop devoted, small, following. this offering, the community can request professional content and offer payment, allowing writers will supply the content that readers really need. important note that these offerings are provided streams, rather than dailies. tipping readers have the option tipping content contributors for great posts comments, similar tipping reddit via reddit gold. the tipping facilitated tokens, allowing for small, cheap micro-payments. the content creator receives the tip, with only going the snip company. this figure could change the future, upwards downwards, based the discretion the snip company. the company incentivized reward writers and keep the best writers the platform. advertising snip has duty provide users with the most interesting and relevant advertisements possible. ads are native and are required present content that provides value for users. ads are visibly marked and users always know when they're seeing ad. users can flag bad misleading advertisements, and those ads and creators are policed and removed necessary. users can always see their advertising profile and understand why they are shown specific ads. user information never provided advertisers other third parties. ad-free version users are offered ad-free version which funded monthly subscription. since income can tenuous, and users often dislike advertisements, snip hopes that most users will choose ad-free. the snip token (snipcoin) snipcoin the exclusive token the snip platform, and can used both for rewarding content contributors and for rewards for the various services. the total number snipcoins ,,, (ten billion), minted advance. the snip company rewards contributors with snipcoins from two sources: initial pool ,,, snipcoins designated the token sale (to detailed this paper). the initial amount weekly snipcoins ,,, and will decrease snipcoins every week, until reaching over weeks years). the platform's revenue large portion the platform's revenue (in snipcoins) added the pool, and small cut the revenue passed the snip company. revenue from subscriptions and ads expected increase over time the network grows, and its share out the total pool size will constantly grow. eventually the share pre-allocated snipcoins expected become negligible, demonstrated the chart below. roadmap the roadmap includes three stages described below. snip live now includes interesting news stories various topics, option tip writers, and subscription service which allows users receive audio version the news. the token system, once launched, will provide holders with subscription credits for the audio service. snip alpha invitation-only version, used test the initial product and receive feedback from content contributors the incentive model. web version with basic comments and voting basic personalization basic content filtering (anti-spam) newsfeed api for community developers payment contributors for posts categorization snip public beta this the first version intended for the general public, and includes the following features, addition features suggested the community: web version with improved mobile version (ios/android) blocking/muting accounts several content filters and anti-abuse algorithms bonus tokens for diverse content snip full-scale product user profiles and tagging additional languages auction support ad-free subscription improved personalization payment contributors for comments professional content subscription business landscape competition snip's competitors can divided into two main categories news publishers and social networks. ... news publishers publishers like fox, cnn, and the new york times manage large newsrooms where journalists create content guided editors. the created content then presented their website, mobile app, and some cases, network. these platforms not host user-generated content and their news stories are moderated small group editors. often their content longer than necessary, allowing them fit more ads into each article. ... social networks facebook, twitter, and reddit are based user-generated content but not reward contributors for the value they produce. facebook less focused news compared reddit and twitter, which are used many news platforms. major problem with both platforms that the news stories are provided links, without enough relevant information. advertising cannot controlled this situation. snip, instead, provides short snippets with all the relevant content. steem reddit-like social network which content creators are rewarded for their publications, but users usually don't create news stories and the platform hardly used mainstream users. snip advantages ... decentralized contrast mainstream publishers and social networks, the snip network decentralized and owned the community, with all the content saved openly the ipfs network. content cannot censored and users the snip website choose their personal news feed algorithm. ... news-oriented snip place for people read news and discuss the news stories they care about. snip covers wide variety topics, allowing users stay up-to-date their favorite topics shorter, more efficient format. ... user-generated content the news stories the platform are created the community and users receive the vast majority the reward for high-quality posts and comments, decided the community. ... personalization contrast mainstream publishers, the content snip personalized for each user. when two different people access the platform, they see two different feeds, based their personal preferences. ... ad-free option many users don't like ads, and some are willing pay for ad-free experience. contrast facebook and twitter, snip gives users the option subscribe ad-free version, and users know that their payment goes directly content creators. crowdsale raise the funds required continue platform development and maintenance, snipcoin crowdsale will held september th, utc.. our goal raise million usd (hard cap). upon reaching the goal the sale will stop and more contributions will accepted. the minimum goal for the crowdsale million usd (soft cap). contributors will refunded the goal isn't reached. the duration the sale will more than days billion snipcoins (snp) will minted, which are designated the community and the contributors the initial distribution tokens will be: available the crowdsale will sold the future token sale and will locked for years. reserved for the initial pool contributor rewards. this kept time-locked vault and released every month according the amount transferred the contributors during that month, with hard limit snp. portion the contributor reward pool reserved for community developers (bug bounties, contributing algorithms, etc). designated for the snip company and will used internally and for advisors and partner companies. snip employees and founders will not hold tokens prior the sale and will not rewarded with tokens the first months after the sale. the period months after the sale, snip employees and founders will rewarded with more than the total tokens. designated for the snip bounty, helping spread the word about the snip platform before the crowdsale. exchange rate: the current exchange rate eth snipcoins (snp). since the price ethereum fluctuates, the official eth/snp conversion rate will announced publicly day before the sale. unless snip provides official update the eth/snp conversion rate, the conversion rate will stay constant during the sale period. the sale will start september th, utc budget allocation the following charts shows breakdown the planned allocation funds raised the token sale. the values may change over time due unexpected developments. specifically, legal costs could grow significantly and take larger share the pie. platform development most the funds are used for building the platform: web and mobile applications, tools for content creators, personalization algorithms, and other necessities. sales marketing funds used for creating brand awareness and attracting the best writers the platform. internal content creators the snip company hires content creators ensure constant news coverage and topic diversity. this bootstrapping technique that required mainly the early stages the platform. administration funds used for ensuring platform security, hiring legal counsel, and other day-to-day administrative operations. reserves additional funds reserved for unexpected expenditures. frequently asked questions what's snip? snip decentralized, user-generated news platform where anyone can write news story (or "snip") about topic their choice, and read news the issues they care about. the platform has editor deciding what's fit print and the decision made solely the community. what does the name mean? the word snip derived from the word snippet. have found that users prefer short snippets high-quality information long, articles, which often contain more filler than information. what are the snip tokens? what can token holders with them? snipcoin the exclusive token the snip platform, and can used for both rewarding content contributors and paying for the various services. the tokens are sold only for use the snip platform and not provide equity rights the snip company. snip token not security and not recommended for speculators any kind. not purchase tokens you don't thoroughly understand the concepts cryptographic tokens, token sales, and blockchain technology, and purchase them only you plan use the tokens consume snip services. the crowdsale reaches the minimum amount (noted below), then the tokens are not refundable once delivered. when will the crowdsale begin? the crowdsale expected start september and last until the earlier days, until are collected. official date will announced least days before the beginning the crowdsale. how much being sold the crowdsale? the crowdsale goal sell $m, with minimum sell $k. isn't sold, the transferred funds will returned buyers. what currencies are accepted the crowdsale? the accepted currencies will announced least days before the beginning the crowdsale. what will the funds used for? detailed section the money expected used mainly for platform development, and lesser extent for administration costs, sales and marketing, and content creation. are snip tokens transferable? yes, snip tokens are transferable and are not control the snip company. described this white paper, some the tokens are locked time-vaults, measure applied protect the token buyers. references informs pubsonline [internet]. [cited jun available: http://pubsonline.informs.org/doi/abs/./mnsc.. wasserman this the world's first banner ad. in: mashable [internet]. mashable; aug [cited jun available: http://mashable.com////first-banner-ad/ concha times subscriptions doubled in: thehill [internet]. feb [cited jun available: http://thehill.com/media/-ny-times-subscriptions-doubled-in- new york times, wsj subscriptions surge after election [internet]. nov [cited jun available: http://adage.com/article/media/york-times-wsj-subscriptions-surge-election// economist getting know you. in: the economist [internet]. the economist; [cited jun available: http://www.economist.com/news/special-report/-everything-people-do-online-a vidly-followed-advertisers-and-third-party naylor firms are buying, sharing your online info. what can you about it? in: npr.org [internet]. [cited jun available: http://www.npr.org/sections/alltechconsidered/////firms-are-buying-s haring-your-online-info-what-can-you-do-about-it website [internet]. [cited jun available: https://www.nytimes.com/interactive////business/cost-of-mobile-ads.html cortland adblock report. in: pagefair [internet]. feb [cited jun available: https://pagefair.com/blog//adblockreport/ native advertising wikipedia [internet]. [cited jun available: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/native_advertising desjardins chart: here's how tech giants make their billions. in: visual capitalist [internet]. may [cited jun available: https://www.visualcapitalist.com/chart--tech-giants-make-billions/ sluis one three publishers don't follow the ftc's native guidelines adexchanger. in: adexchanger [internet]. feb [cited jun available: https://adexchanger.com/ad-exchange-news/one-three-publishers-dont-follow-ftcs-nativeguidelines/ aol, millennial face uphill battle capture mobile dollars emarketer [internet]. sep [cited jun available: https://www.emarketer.com/article/aol-millennial-face-uphill-battle-capture-mobilead-dollars/ twitter [internet]. [cited jun available: https://twitter.com/jason_kint/status/?ref_src=twsrc%etfw&ref_ur l=http%a%f%ffortune.com%f%f%f%fgoogle-facebook-ad-industr y%f the platform press: how silicon valley reengineered journalism. in: columbia journalism review [internet]. [cited jun available: https://www.cjr.org/tow_center_reports/platform-press-how-silicon-valley-reengineered-j ournalism.php abbruzzese mother jones shows investigative journalism matters and needs new model. in: mashable [internet]. mashable; aug [cited jun available: http://mashable.com////mother-jones-investigative-journalism-model/