solareum whitepaper the world lareum solareum doing well doing good solareum erc utility token that runs the ethereum blockchain, the native slrm token backed the solar and renewable industry. solareum will offer discounts solar panels and services worldwide, also offering free renewable items loyal customers, additionally consumers will able purchase solar heating, and all things renewable from the platform. the solareum mission able provide green energy worldwide consumers, while offering the user back tokens for purchasing solar products using the slrm token, quarterly basis. solareum's marketplace will much the same amazon for the solar industry, utilizing blockchain and mega data allow any solar company and end user able connect personal level. abstract blockchain technology progresses throughout the world, and starting take over many industries, solareum set lead the solar energy market with business model. research has shown, that many governments are early stages regulating blockchain technology. however, these studies show the blockchain ecosystem will need more than just digital assets sustain ethical practices and build trust and reliability. solareum aims major service provider, enabling the consumer have secure marketplace which purchase renewables and close the transaction the blockchain, the transactions will run through ethereum smart contract. solareum will serving the first renewable energy company partnered with number major companies and contractors its sector. solareum has already seen successful private sale, and the tokens will available for the public front st. brooklyn, support@solareum.club solareum whitepaper introduction cryptic, but crispy! the digital coin evolution blockchain technology changing the way look economics, enabling faster, secure transactions, data logging and demand worldwide. these new forms digital assets emerge, ultimately going dictate how business transactions are done the near future. growing number national economics, banks and hedge funds have already began start backing blockchain technology, making small amount time until the rest the world will catch and use this revolutionary technology. research conducted solareum indicates that cryptocurrencies have already seen over billion usd volume transactions, with projections for the next seven years, precisely forecast trillion projected bitcoin market capitalization the year (source: cryptocoinsnews.com) the projected market capitalization for the fact that the average bitcoin wallet size today stands usd, which projected increase meaning total market capitalization trillion usd, with trading volume likely exceed trillion usd. all standard, these represent stand business opportunity. solareum are determined provide reliable platform for everyone benefit from blockchain technology combined with renewable energy. bitcoin's the rest (source: statista) the challenges communicating digital coin language non-tech market blockchain technology has already been well established, there doubt the fact that blockchain the future business terms digital payment solutions and digital stock trading. there however, real challenge the way cryptocurrency solutions providers canvass investment and communicate value the general market. many issues have arisen with the rise cryptocurrency, many companies offering unrealistic promises during their initial coin offering period, and private sales. the problem lies the highly technical communication operating terms and conditions. have been already established, there doubting the fact that cryptocurrencies are the future business terms digital payment solutions and digital stock trading. there however real challenge the way cryptocurrency solutions providers canvass investment and communicate value the general market. apart from many them offering unrealistic promises during initial coin offerings, private sales, much the problem lies the highly jargonized communication operating terms. these, coupled with the fact that many nations the world are still reeling from the blitz web-based business platforms such ponzi schemes, have become setback for faster and better penetration cryptocurrencies many climes. but, thanks bitcoin's blockchain and the entrance ethical players like solareum into the cryptocurrencies market space, individual investors can now have better understanding how things work and greater confidence the system. the solareum advantage the solareum business model exists seamless, reliable blockchain-based platform, which runs entirely the ethereum network, using smart contract protocol verify transactions. the core ethos for solareum provide single platform for all financial transactions, thereby allowing users front st. brooklyn, support@solareum.club benefit. for example, users will able borrow slrm for all financial transactions, sell their products services, donate their favorite charity, and even purchase energy from all over the world. the goal provide users with great tools they can use generate ideas, fun projects, and the ability connect with the worldwide marketplace for their energy consumption. the native slrm token the solareum token, slrm, utility token (slrm not security token) which will used the medium exchange the solareum platform. the slrm token will enable users the creation and management for all solareum transactions, such the receipt and submission payments for services, access exclusive discounts per purchase, also giving consumers privileges orders the latest solar technology. the solareum mission "have the world experience the benefits using solar even without rooftop" solareum, green future drives make impact the world, for our users through provisions world class and standard ethical digital money solutions. solareum private sale took place raising over million usd. solareum will available for direct purchase the price cents, with hard cap million honor earth day. this opportunity you will want take advantage of! solareum can purchased with number major cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin, litecoin, and ethereum. consumers will also able purchase slrm using credit card when public. doing well doing good solareum, the primary objective offer and exchange between renewable companies and the community, and maintain ethical standard cryptocurrencies within the ecosystem, ensuring that the principles anonymity are upheld all involved. benefits using solareum platform solareum offers seamless business model, which consumer can have any number renewable products, bought and installed whilst earning back slrm tokens for using green energy quarterly basis. the solareum team constantly deploying new innovations their platform. solareum will roll out their minimal viable product for beta testing which will available android and ios. solareum aims the "amazon" the industry, hope drive education, process, pricing, and unrivaled customer service for mass adaptation for the future our planet's energy. solareum investment fund will provide completely managed investment fund, based the leading cryptocurrencies. users can choose invest without the hassle knowing when buy sell! will base this the top five currencies users just decide how much invest and for how long. addition this will offer debit card integration. this major feature aids direct integration with number service providers and enables our users spend their cryptocurrency easily and safely. front st. brooklyn, support@solareum.club solareum whitepaper token specifics hard cap usd soft cap usd exchange rate eth solareum btc solareum usd= solareum token contract address: xeecbddaadedbedbfd minimum solareum purchase slrm blockchain benefits "why everyone should buy solar from the solareum private sale" decentralized blockchain control with complete proof and accountability. global investor pool unlimited supply investors choose from for your project. investment uses currency with limited supply. multilayered platform will stabilize and grow the currency. continuous improvements the platform will result feature rich system, which good fit for utility such crowdfunding. how participate the solareum private sale there will ways contribute the solareum project, the first via bitcoin. the second via ethereum. during the crowd sale, you will access myetherwallet.com imtoken app and follow instructions create wallet and download backup that wallet the form pdf document. recommend that you print manually copy this file and place the document safe place. here you will able transfer your btc/ether solareum. the third way you will able contribute via credit card. instructions for this will sent when the crowd sale begins. front st. brooklyn, support@solareum.club what we've done, where we'll oct connecting solar market with blockchain technology. nov solareum private sale announcement. dec solareum pre- private sale goes live jan solareum private sale goes live from feb ceo will speaker and moderator the united nations youth assembly. solareum will launch etherdelta exchange platform. mar developing the solareum marketplace application for android and iphone and integrate blockchain technology. april beta testing the solareum web application. may launch solareum web application android and iphone. team justin lally: venture capital investor. ken reece: founder america green solar. youth assembly panel speaker and moderator the united nations gabriel gomez: co-founder kotech and full stack web developer. lavi malek: full stack blockchain developer. dillon ko: ceo kotech and winner techcrunch hackathon (team alexasite). karl unterlechner: ceo interfaceit, advisor. jason green: ceo immerge, advisor. brian klock: founder financial freedom creator. blake gailey: sunpower, advisor. front st. brooklyn, support@solareum.club solareum whitepaper conclusion just cryptocurrencies are poised dictate the future the global economy, according exciting analysis their growth patterns well the coming many service providers, has equally become matter increasing demand for reliability and maintenance standards and best practices within the ecosystem. even though blockchain exists regulate the system, the presence reliable operators remains key its survival. solareum remains the forefront maintaining ethical standards and best practices well simplifying the blockchain technical language non-tech market. welcome the future currency, where your consumption pays you. front st. brooklyn, support@solareum.club