solarcoin blockchain-based solar energy incentive solarcoin: blockchain-based solar energy incentive executive summary blockchain technology driving innovation and scale-up the energy, climate, and environmental sectors. solarcoin, blockchain-based digital asset and currency, designed accelerate the transition clean energy economy. blockchain based technology, solarcoin global and decentralized, with similarities cryptocurrencies like bitcoin. solarcoin stands out, because unlike these, solarcoin 'binds' the disbursement digital coins useful economic and environmental activity verifiably produced solar energy. solarcoin uses the unique characteristics blockchain technology create phenomenon that is: free, additional reward for solar energy producers the first digital currency protect natural capital the first global, decentralized, non-governmental solar energy incentive program solarcoin, open community project, was created group founders and volunteers working together the solarcoin foundation. the solarcoin foundation rewards solar energy producers with blockchain-based digital tokens the rate solarcoin (slr) per mwh solar energy produced. this paper serves call action for governments, ngos, and the solar industry recognize and seize the opportunity solarcoin, and thus help drive the global clean energy transformation. blockchain and solarcoin blockchain technology driving innovation and scale-up the energy, climate, and environmental sectors. the technology works value exchange protocol. just tcp/ip the foundational protocol for the exchange digital information, blockchain enables the exchange digital value. blockchain distributed ledger trusted transactions database. transactions can transfers digital tokens representing currency, information, even the assignment library book id. blockchains are distributed across large open peer-to-peer networks making them difficult hack fail. because information changes are verified and immutably recorded across network, records cannot changed tampered with. all transactions are transparent, and can viewed anyone using blockchain explorer. because their distributed nature, blockchains can reduce transaction costs and time. more importantly, blockchain technology poised revolutionize the exchange value, replacing the need for trusted intermediaries such banks currency exchanges. solarcoins are blockchain-based tokens issued into circulation when solar energy verified have been produced. solarcoins can transacted among peers. transactions are collected, verified and summarized blocks creating the solarcoin blockchain. the solarcoin blockchain the high integrity data foundation the project: decentralized, incorruptible and auditable record solar energy produced. solarcoin free reward for solar energy producers the solarcoin project uses advances blockchain support solar energy deployment across the globe. solarcoin digital asset and currency designed support the transition from the fossil-fuel economy towards solar-backed economy. the solarcoin foundation rewards solar energy producers with blockchain-based digital tokens the rate solarcoin (slr) per mwh solar energy produced. solarcoin free additional reward independent other incentives that the owners solar installation might entitled (such government subsidies, feed-in tariffs, green certificates, tax incentives, carbon credits, etc.). whoever produces solar power helping avoid emissions may receive solarcoin reward. solarcoin global, decentralized and independent any government. solarcoin has similarities cryptocurrencies like bitcoin but unlike these, solarcoin 'binds' the disbursement digital coins real world useful economic and environmental activity: verifiably produced solar energy. earning and spending the solarcoin economy solarcoin supply: the owner solar power plant eligible receive solarcoin free reward for generating solar energy. for systems smaller than kw, the user the solar electricity, not the financial owner, who entitled the coins. the solarcoin foundation grants solarcoin for each mwh solar electricity produced verified solar power plant owners/users. ss. billion solarcoins have been created granted energy producers until publication, there are approximately million circulation. the rest are expected disbursed over the coming years (until the s). solarcoin granting retroactive january st, receive solarcoin grant, plant owners register their solar power system with the solarcoin foundation. this can done directly through the foundation website via registered solarcoin affiliate monitoring platform. registration includes supplying proof ownership the installation, grid connection documentation (third-party independently verifiable), solar power this figure varies slightly over time due stake rewards. all circulating and non-circulating solarcoin are visible all times using blockchain explorer. production data (e.g. meter readings) and kyc ("know-your-customer") data. once registered, the foundation issues solarcoins directly the owner's digital solarcoin wallet. solarcoins are issued every months registered plant owners. how does solarcoin work? user produces solar energy user registers solar system the solarcoin foundation provides power purchase agreement and the amount solar mwhs generated kyc claim approved the solarcoin foundation solarcoins are disbursed the user user can spend use solarcoins solarcoin demand and use: solarcoins can collected, redeemed, used digital currency. importantly, they can traded for government currencies (fiat) global cryptocurrency exchanges. solarcoins are increasingly liquid asset, transparently issued and tracked blockchain that can kept digital (on computers mobile devices) offline (paper) wallets. the solarcoin community develops use cases and business models for solarcoin users, which are detailed the appendix. solarcoin currency protecting natural capital solarcoin more than reward system for solar energy production, solarcoin puts protecting natural capital its foundation. the concept "natural capital" aims value the world's stocks natural assets (geology, soil, air, water and living things) making investable. solarcoins are originated when solar mwh produced, the protection natural capital inherent its value. when used currency, the user choosing bring environmental concerns the very foundation economic activity. solarcoin's blockchain uses low energy proof stake algorithm designed use less than the power bitcoin when compared similar scale. solarcoin truly environmentally friendly currency. solarcoin global incentive program for solar energy the project succeeds and the price the coins appreciate, claiming solarcoins becomes additional and relevant revenue stream for solar power producers. solar owners generators could use/sell the solar electricity they generate, and also receive solarcoins that can redeemed, used, exchanged for fiat currency. solarcoin would thus become significant incentive for solar energy investors install more generation capacity. investors make the financial decision invest solar power based (a) the capital cost the system, (b) the price for the solar electricity they generate, plus (c) the expected revenue from any additional incentives they receive (such the price the solarcoins awarded). solarcoin would become unique, borderless incentive program for solar energy, independent any national local incentives. solarcoin opportunity call action solarcoin free, additional reward for solar energy producers the first digital currency protect natural capital the first global, decentralized, non-governmental solar energy incentive program the purpose this paper make formal call action those with potential stake solarcoin, including governments, ngos, international organizations and the solar industry. are asking these entities endorse solarcoin means contributing global energy transition. government opportunities register facilities receive solarcoins: this moment, national and sub-national governments around the world own and operate thousands mws large and small scale solar projects that are eligible receive solarcoins. from the school firehouse with array the roof, the large-scale installation already offsetting town's carbon footprint, these existing power plants are eligible begin receiving free solarcoins. these publicly-owned solar facilities could generate millions dollars solarcoin. governments the local, state and federal level can claim solarcoin retroactively back january st, examples such facilities include schools, universities, hospitals, and municipal buildings. begin this process, governments are encouraged to: inventory government-owned used solar installations register systems with the solarcoin foundation receive and use solarcoins bitcoin estimated require usd energy resources dec give indication the funds available government: every installed solar capacity could yield solarcoins worth $,-$,, per year. the solarcoin foundation refrains from price speculation any kind, this number just indicative. current solarcoin prices can confirmed https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/solarcoin/. use and accept solarcoin: public administrations may also accept solarcoin means payment for public services using party gateways eliminate forex risk. focus can those services contributing climate change mitigation first, before the system goes mainstream. re-distribute solarcoin: solarcoins may re-distributed for "good actions" (i.e. donating slr people "energy poverty" help pay their bills, assisting smaller solar producers, assisting solar projects the developing world, funding renewable energy research etc.), allowing for solarcoins circulate the economy. government entities using solarcoin could make major impact the current state solarcoin. because solarcoin based verifiably produced solar energy less volatile than many other blockchain tokens, and more government participation the project will help curtail short-term speculation, enhancing its attractiveness other investors and boosting its long-term value. participating now, government entities can support the solarcoin foundation's mission -year global solar energy incentive while helping stabilize the price solarcoins for the long term. solar plant owners and operators, utilities register facilities receive solarcoins: any individual, solar company energy utility that owns and operates solar installations invited register their solar installations receive free solarcoins. accept solarcoins means payment: solar installation companies are invited accept solarcoin means payment the current face value quoted market exchanges (bittrex/lykke) and have their goods/services paid solarcoins. solar companies are invited encourage partners and customers accept solarcoins means payment use solarcoins: solar companies are invited circulate solarcoins granting the digital asset charity programs, customer reward programs other projects. partners can rewarded with solarcoins all helps build the ecosystem. international organisations, ngos, and industry associations accept solarcoins means payment/fundraising: organizations and associations are invited accept solarcoin means payment the current face value quoted market exchanges (bittrex/lykke) and have their services membership fees paid solarcoins. solarcoins are ideal means for fundraising any kind, coins can easily sent with low transaction costs. re-distribute solarcoin: solarcoins may used for projects and programs. they can re-distributed for "good actions" (i.e. donating slr people "energy poverty" help pay their bills, assisting smaller solar producers, assisting solar projects the developing world, funding renewable energy research etc.). organisations and associations can lead the way, inviting other stakeholders tag along and donate their solarcoins into projects suggested. spread the word: organizations and associations are likely quickly recognize the value solarcoin the quest promote solar energy around the globe. they are invited actively communicate about solarcoin their members and the general public. since blockchain and solarcoin still need lot awareness raising, these organizations and associations are well positioned support this cause. organizations and associations that recognize the value global, government independent solar support scheme, are particularly invited make this point towards political decision makers gain support. conclusion harvard business school professor clayton christensen defines disruption "an innovation that creates new market and value network and eventually disrupts existing market and value network, displacing established market leading firms, products and alliances". solarcoin ticks these boxes blurs lines that existed between formerly separate phenomena. solarcoins are reward for solar energy producers, digital currency, and they act global solar energy incentive disruptive innovation among these established markets. with the endorsement governments, international organizations, ngos, and the solar industry, solarcoin disruption poised accelerate the global clean energy transition. appendix how solarcoins get their value currency shared protocol value currency distributed shared belief protocol that works bit like language terms positive externalities accruing based ongoing participation. the more people who agree use language ('accept it'), the more value that language specific form communication protocol has. more users link support using protocol, more value supported that protocol. the links form network. users currency informally agree accept currency protocol for value representation and transaction. this done reduce trade friction. currency informational value protocol expressed pieces metal, paper and electronic entries bank accounts. many argue currency has value only redeemable into gold something else the issuer upon demand. however, many. major world currencies like the dollar, euro and yen aren't backed redeemable for anything for example, the dollar lost its gold-backed redemption feature some users think and speak "value terms" each other dollars, yen euros. the more people who use protocol, the more value emerges from that network protocol users. currencies are social protocols. gold, yen, dollars, euros and solarcoin are all social protocols using different physical and electronic means link users into networks enabling value exchange. users (mm) value ($bn) value user adjusted for gdp usd eur won rmb gold btc slr each exchange protocol has estimated total network users/believers. each protocol also has fairly well known circulating value equivalent the value created/emergent per user believer acceptor that protocol trivial calculate. neither gold, yen, dollars, euros nor solarcoins have any intrinsic value. currencies are unitized social protocols for facilitating economic value transactions and flows between nodes agents. table above shows the value per user few well known socio-economic protocols.when looking the numbers becomes apparent that the quotient the total network circulating value and the nodes the network are very similar regions for usd, btc, eur and also slr. note the participants using protocol can larger smaller than the issuing polity. the value currency determined the faith its users utility across the network and over time. like other communication protocols, the value currency increases proportionate the number users acceptors believers that currency protocol reduces friction and uncertainty transactions, thus increasing trade flow across the entire system. solarcoin vs. icos, ponzi and pyramid schemes initial coin offering (ico) unregulated means help startups that want bypass regulated capital-raising processes. more than two billion dollars ($b usd) was collected from investors through icos alone. ico usually work way that percentage the cryptocurrency sold early backers the project. often, projects trying raise capital through icos only describe ideas white paper--the technology, product, service doesn't even exist yet. some icos have negatively impacted the reputation cryptocurrencies, they represent ponzi pyramid schemes produced nefarious characters attempting rope people with promises returns maximize their own short-term profits. the solarcoin project not related token sale projects. solarcoin has not and will never offer coins tokens public sale (ico). solarcoins are freely available the producers solar energy, and the solarcoin foundation does not charge claimants solarcoins. the solarcoin foundation relies data issue coins, ie: grid connection documentation and proof-of-ownership the solar installation. unlike other projects, solarcoin does not reserve large amounts coins for founders other privileged entities. all slr (ss. billion solarcoins) are stored the solarcoin foundation non-circulating publicly visible generator pool account. these are exchanged for ongoing claimed "proof work" solar electricity generation. slr have been utilized get the network started, are reserved the genesis pool account and represent environmental charities, early volunteers, advisers, builders and maintainers the solarcoin infrastructure. note "users" are not bounded national boundaries. currencies' belief/user footprint may greater smaller than the citizenry the issuing state entity. standard economic forms near money currency equivalents expressed typically notes, cash and bills circulation. these often include electronic equivalents. gold has some physical functional value electronics but easily substitutable most applications. the solarcoin ecosystem the solarcoin foundation solarcoin was created open community project run volunteers and the founders the solarcoin foundation, delaware (u.s.a) registered public benefit corporation. the solarcoin foundation distributes solarcoins generators solar electricity using verified solar facilities the "proof-of-work". opposed bitcoin, solarcoin granted for the proof energy production from the the solar installation. solarcoin's blockchain uses low energy proof stake algorithm designed use less than the power bitcoin when compared similar scale. the solarcoin blockchain itself public ledger detailing each solarcoin given out solar electricity generators. founding members are nick gogerty and joseph zitoli, who represent the solarcoin foundation. solarcoin affiliates, advisors, and volunteers the solarcoin foundation works closely with affiliates who help verify solarcoin claims information. affiliates are usually organized for-profit companies, whose services significantly contribute building the solarcoin ecosystem. affiliates usually receive solarcoins from the solarcoin foundation for each claim they verify and facilitate for claimants from separate pool reserved for these services the solarcoin foundation. current solarcoin affiliates are: solcrypto www.solcrypto.com electricchain www.electricchain.org solarcoin advisors the solarcoin foundation works with several advisors supporting its mission that not receive payment for their services. current advisors include: oliver gajda european crowd funding network paul johnson columbia university new york kevin sara nur energy christopher altman ihro hazel henderson ethical markets delaware benefit corporation solarcoin volunteers many volunteers improve the onboarding process for solar power producers. they comprise experts the fields it, marketing, business development etc. the main channels for communication within the solarcoin community are: facebook page https://www.facebook.com/groups/solarcoin/ slack channel https://solarcoin-group.slack.com/messages/cyswlmhu/team/uwkvlzg/ telegram solarcoin https://t.me/joinchat/ab_thgksovdyuirqua solarcoin development team the solarcoin development team embedded the community users and developers. the solarcoin project technology agnostic and allows for forking (updating), using current state the art methods and scaling newer versions blockchain technology. solarcoin use cases the following non-exhaustive list use-cases for solarcoin reward/ incentive-mechanism and/or through the blockchain data layer: solarcoins can exchanged through online exchanges such bittrex and lykke (www.bittrex.com; www.lykke.com) for other digital assets (such bitcoin) and/or fiat currencies (eur, usd...) solarcoins are starting accepted for payments, like other digital currencies. the solarcoin community aiming for integration solarcoin payment network for goods and services. solarcoin offers marketing opportunities for brands positioned ecological values and environmental protection. early adopters and first movers are expressing the wish use solarcoins for payments, environmental conscious contexts (organic food etc.), energy sector ngos. solarcoins can used reward for customers and could used loyalty program allow them benefit from the appreciation the coins. solarcoins could developed further serve equivalent avoided co-emission certificates. with the paris agreement and international action mitigate climate change hand, solarcoins could play role revived carbon trade system via crypto carbon credits. the solarcoin blockchain can used trusted data layer reporting solar power production data. such data layer could certify solar components. this has been demonstrated some companies certify solar power plant due-diligence reports inside the immutable solarcoin blockchain. the solarcoin blockchain can provide "know-your-device" (kyd) anchor data provenance layer for providing more security when monitoring solar power produced. the solarcoin blockchain open-community data resource. anyone may publish solar energy data, global solar macroscope may act decentralized solar energy monitoring platform. this can have two levels data, on-chain public data, and off-chain private login data for each specific solar plant added into the decentralized monitoring protocol. some open data can used specific intervals for solar power production data according geographic region, taxes (when billed solarcoin) and financial tools (solar energy derivatives and exchange platforms). some closed private data can extended point off-chain logins for specific internet layer solar monitoring platforms such wattmon.live, enphase and others. reference papers and further reading ssrn papers gogerty, nick and zitoli, joseph, deko: electricity-backed currency proposal (january available ssrn: https://ssrn.com/abstract= http://dx.doi.org/./ssrn. johnson, luke patrick and isam, ahmed and gogerty, nick and zitoli, joseph, connecting the blockchain the sun save the planet (december available ssrn: https://ssrn.com/abstract= http://dx.doi.org/./ssrn. energy calculations and developing country calculations about the solarcoin blockchain the proof stake calculation pow vs. post and the energy expenditure for consensus https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/qziandpvrgncoc_dqpimrofylwpuzhxjarde/e dit?usp=sharing kenya m-kopa solarcoin model using metcalfe's law network theory value https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/xfevsqnvrkvim-vzg_wjfr_gdn_qfmlgf-ris/edit? usp=sharing website: solarcoin.org banner designed harryarts freepik certifying solar due-diligence reports the solarcoin blockchain https://www.sunpulse.net/report-status/ the elccpv protocol outlined here: https://github.com/lpninja/elccpv solarcoin.org