sola white paper ver. october, table contents summary background joint development open for purpose user layer developer layer social information network sola social layer economy layer sola app attention has its price sol token user acquisition revenue streams content creators and their audience users are partners automated referral program content layer stacks and cards ubiquitous cardification basic card templates custom card templates advanced card templates token sale timeline team and partners disclaimer distribution layer incoherence principle neutral ai collective machine learning architecture layer why decentralize? decentralized media storage distributed immutable service (nodes) moderation and censorship https://sola.foundation summary sola the next generation decentralized social platform that incentivizes and benefits all involved parties users, third-party developers and the core team. the name sola acronym for "social layer." sola open ecosystem, which means that most its source code will made open source and available for audit, improvement and usage anyone. this document outlines sola's fundamental principles, structure and its economic and usage aspects for involved parties. https://sola.foundation background the most criticized aspect centralized social networks the way they handle user data and privacy. this unlikely come surprise, given that almost percent revenue social networks comes from displaying ads their users based the user data. consider this symptom and not the root cause. the root cause that networks are reluctant see their largest and most important audience, users, their full partners. think that users shall have the right benefit from the networks, advertisers and network owners. there have been number attempts (and they are not ceasing) build open sourced decentralized social network that pushes the concept and the business model social media beyond the existing incumbents. worth mentioning app.net (paid open source twitter rip-off) and diaspora (distributed rudimentary facebook clone). the most notable contenders today are akasha (decentralized rudimentary facebook rip-off) and steemit (reddit clone powered cryptocurrency). not consider these and other decentralized social network attempts serious contenders the social space. despite modern architecture they are falling short the two most important levels comparable superior user experience (ideally, the new users) and solid underlying business model. there are two examples that fit into our defined criteria that nextgeneration social media contender should meet status and kin. however, both them use messenger form factor, while sola use modified social network approach. https://sola.foundation think that the social network approach more likely succeed than the messenger approach, public communications are easier monetize than private communications. furthermore, requires lesser user base order become valuable, and the value social network grows faster than the value messenger. ilya and pavel, sola's co-founders, have been working together since when they established new venture for innovative social products development. the first project photo-based social network heart pics lost instagram and was shut down despite its users. the next project was plague, social experiment that was started find out people were ready communicate and collaborate with strangers constructive and respectful way. has been running for almost years, and now ready come out its infancy phase with user base. sola successor the plague experiment and major upgrade enabled the blockchain capabilities. sola has inherited plague's unique approach and proven social mechanics, together with all the data and the user base. have created sola attempt succeed our mission democratize access the audience and allow all involved parties benefit from it. this white paper, intend outline our approach nextgeneration social network that uses decentralization because this necessary infrastructure element enables new approach implementation rather than "decentralize while it's hot" approach. https://sola.foundation social information network there are two general types social media messengers and social networks. messengers are private networks they are mostly used for private communications and their content private default. private communications are not considered this paper. legacy social networks (facebook, twitter, etc.) can categorized semi-public networks. despite most their content being public, you are required establish connections with other users order receive information without which such semi-public networks are useless. making connections, you define your content. however, instead choosing information directly, you choose sources information. you effectively create filter bubbles for yourself. the system restricted its own rules, and cannot show the content that falls out filters. moreover, legacy social networks were initially intended for communication among friends, their feeds are heavy mix general and personal content. reddit comes closest our definition social information network. its content not intended for friends but for the consumption general audience. does not require users establish connections use the service and still provides way fine-tune the received results. reddit has one the most visited resources the net despite the fact that has not changed lot the last years and was not fully aware the mobile first concept, least thus, there are lot possibilities. sola public social information network with strong financial incentive for all involved parties follow the rules the network and develop together. its content produced quality-oriented users for the global audience instead just the user's friends. summarizing the above written statements, safe call social information networks hybrid social and media network. https://sola.foundation economy layer attention has its price the amount information created daily growing exponentially. digital economy, information production and spread cost close zero. the same time, attention finite resource and cannot stretched you cannot read books look through pictures just one day. leads growth resource (attention) deficit and subsequently, continuous increase its cost. most the real-sector economy directly connected the attention economy. not enough create information, produce good service you need attract user's attention. the current model attention distribution totally ignores attention producer/owner (aka user), excluding them from the economy. this will inevitably change the nearest future. sola economy built the principle ethical use attention. attention the new currency. https://sola.foundation sol token empower sola economy issue sol tokens based the erc standard. long-term viability platform depends the viability its economy and essential able control and influence its value with our own growing economy, development and overall progress. bitcoin and ethereum are huge economies themselves and using these currencies, will become completely dependent their state and fluctuations. sol pure utility token and the only currency used for transactions the sola platform: possession token has benefits other than monetary; sola ecosystem exclusively uses sol for transactions; revenue other currencies converted into sol through crypto exchanges; users' and developers' earnings and rewards are provided sol; third-party services built the sola platform should use sol; purchasing additional services sola app (cards exposed more users, action points, ad-free experience). you can obtain sol tokens the following ways: buy during token sale; earn tokens creating quality content endorsed other users sola app; earn tokens node owner, providing for the service distribution; earn tokens taking part the bounty development program, improving sola platform and sola app; procure trade tokens for different currency the crypto exchange. sola economic system hybrid internal crypto economy powered own token and external revenue streams with different monetization methods powered variety currencies. https://sola.foundation our idea simple: the current state the crypto market still possible make money out thin air for while using speculative approach ensure token value, but cannot serve long-term sustainable business model. the bubble will pop someday. cover our expenses and fulfill our obligations customers, partners and employees have earn money. contrast the critics centralized social networks, not think advertising business model "broken". unequal the user and can significantly improved with the implementation crypto economy, but definitely not broken. sol other currencies are not trying find substitution for the advertising model; converge with fair treatment users. https://sola.foundation revenue streams sola has number revenue streams: native advertising (third-party networks the early stage); pay-per-engagement model (connectors for rd-party services that want benefit their users for engagement games, apps; custom ad-hoc campaigns; user purchases for services built sola platform (action points, ad-free accounts, additional exposure); sol transactions commission; token sale (limited capacity). stack and card format makes sola app perfect fit for native advertising. the frequency ads displayed will defined tests. the moment consider that user will not see more than cards per day, which much less than what other social media can suggest. what makes sola platform unique the fact that users will interested boosting advertising the network, this has effect their potential earnings and the value sol. depending the commercial stage the platform functionality and its audience size forecast the following apru: arpu, usd est. stage functionality .-. third-party advertising network .-. establishing direct relations with first-tier advertisers; adding special ad-hoc projects .-. replacing third-party advertising network with direct advertising self-service platform; adding new formats advertising action cards .-+ launch connector platform enables "pay-per-engagement model" https://sola.foundation the platform suggests opportunity create third-party services using sola developments, infrastructure and audience. might well existing business integration like online shop brand new service. partners shall use sol for the transactions within such services with the platform holding its fee. sola app provides range paid services including ad-free version and action points purchase. users are partners critical for social service create quality content. this why consider content creators partners and share with them part our revenue. revenue distribution between the content creators performed based the "endorsement" given other users sola app. give the content creators additional motivation and accelerate platform's economic development, all emitted tokens will transferred the content creators using the sola app endorsement mechanism. once the token sale over, these tokens will evenly distributed (transferred the users) over the next days. attention! sol token ownership does not influence and not connected the platform revenue distribution, interest revenue, the rights the votes regarding any issues, etc. sol token the platform's currency used reward for the content creator and nothing else. https://sola.foundation content layer stacks and cards sola uses stack fullscreen containers for information "cards" instead legacy social networks traditional feed format. user always sees one item information time. tinder-like gesture-based mechanism used through stacks. this stack implementation ensures higher user engagement with the content compared feed concept. card format provides opportunity unify user experiences regardless the card content and flexible enough present any type information. cards can consist from one several "pages" allowing the users portray large amount information. ubiquitous cardification think that any content can presented cards. were the first use the unified card format when the project was launched are happy see that other social services are beginning grasp its value from the point user experience well good monetization opportunity instagram stories for photos, twitter moments for short form content, medium series for longreads, etc. over these three years have conducted series experiments and have gathered significant amount data which helped understand the way the format used and the way can simplified. the latter critical for consumer services. (machine learning) and nlp (natural language processing) give opportunity automate raw content cards conversion part whole. call this process cardification. the degree cardification varies depending the source content and user needs. with any kind cardification, user can edit the result and add information. https://sola.foundation basic cardification used convert links and standardized data from third party services. when you add link, card with the link and the title created where all relevant source media-elements are stored allowing user decorate their card. third party service data formatted and cleared all excessive meta-data (youtube videos, instagram photos, facebook posts, tweets etc). article browser link pasted sola link with chosen picture complete cardification used when the user wants take advantage all source content. when such source added, the algorithms automatically make decision about the type basic card templates use, their number and their arrangement. under development now and not available the current public version the app. article browser https://sola.foundation link pasted sola assisted cardification the result summarize work, algorithm that have developed, which best for medium and large amounts text data processing (articles, longreads, etc.). based the explicit indication from user summarize performs the semantic parsing the source data and finds the parts which are essential get the gist the text. the result this processing ten less cards containing the most important ideas the source text with the least possible loss useful information. the algorithm currently supports nine languages: english, french, german, italian, spanish, czech, dutch, turkish and swedish. article browser link pasted sola summarization applied basic card templates core platform functionality the platform supports the following basic data types: text card (up characters); link (title with url); poll (up options); media (image, video, gif). these data types can used any combination. card templates are automatically selected new content added achieve the most attractive presentation. for example, the font size automatically reduced more text media element added the card. https://sola.foundation card can consist several pages containing any data any combination. the core team has developed various templates which should cover basic user needs. text cards the simplest format. characters for page card. link cards they allow external link attachment the card. media cards with embedded photos, videos and gifs. poll card. options. https://sola.foundation custom card templates party developer's custom card types access the content layer fully open third party developers (paperwork under development). this means that the platform allows creation and adjustment card templates fit the needs particular user and will automatically available for all users. templates are generic and can used anyone and are not limited the author. example amazon's product page default template https://sola.foundation custom template example new york times article default template custom template now the reader can skim-read the essential points the chosen article using the cards and there need read through the whole text. the reader finds the content the cards particularly interesting then they can follow the link the source article and read more carefully. https://sola.foundation example app page app store default template https://sola.foundation custom template advanced card templates core platform functionality party development our roadmap includes complex interactive cards development and implementation phase. these cards will use smartphone sensors and external data like user location and smartphone movements, time day, weather, etc. first all, such opportunities are aimed enhancing user engagement the card content and then commercial benefit for the providers and platform partners. example card with interactivity provided phone sensors https://sola.foundation example paid content with subscription pay-per-card model example shopping card with ability pay sol example paid app installs and pay-per-engagement model third party developers will take part this phase. they will obtain part revenue from these formats commercial use. number opportunities will open use within basic and custom templates once support the platform level on. https://sola.foundation distribution layer incoherence principle unlike traditional social networks, sola does not require user interconnection. content distribution controlled the algorithms that uses user overt actions correctors and amplifiers. the necessity perform actions embedded into the service its basic mechanics (user needs make decision the current card move the next card). this allows gathering larger amount data per user compared other social networks. this approach gives the platform huge advantage regarding user engagement and retention the new users who can get quality experience from the beginning. our current proprietary spread algorithm began simple information spread for nearby users and was under improvement based real data for the last years. now takes into account many parameters such text content basic analysis, user relationships, geographical location, utc, language, etc. one the key elements this algorithm the infection index the card creator within the system and those users who supported spreading the card. the time writing, users are testing the algorithm while fine-tuning with priority filters that are aimed certain users. https://sola.foundation neutral some time ago started working the new spread algorithm which uses neural networks based deep learning. the end result are planning achieve called neutral ai. its task select knowledge domains the whole amount data, understand the structure the certain knowledge domain and either reject useless information suggest the widest possible range opinions this domain depending the certain knowledge domain and the set rules. example information rejection example range opinions within the "tech" knowledge within the "politics" knowledge domain, select the "iphone" domain, select topics from and "android" topics. start "usa politics" sub-domain, consider them and suggest the the "democrats" and the user the cards selected from each "republicans". event occurs topic. based the user's reaction which identified related the understand whether that user "usa politics" sub-domain. this interested the information case, while taking into account the about android not. this essence neutral ai, consider case neutral (according the that cannot restrict the range set rules) knows that for these opinions and thus strive suggest topics there need suggest the user all cards from the topics range opinions and strives related both the "democrats" protect the user from unnecessary and the "republicans", providing information. full information and keeping the user out the filter bubble. neutral logic and code will documented. will open for review and suggestions for everyone, that any prejudice and concern about the algorithm neutrality can eliminated. https://sola.foundation collective machine learning key problem machine learning lack marked datasets. our solution the category tree that reflects user's main interest domains. classification algorithms allow set correspondence the category tree for most the analyzed information and verify this correspondence with the help the users. the users taking part the neutral learning program will receive certain percentage all operations within the involved knowledge domain, corresponding their contribution the learning process. expect that this will allow engage significant part the platform audience into the learning program. such category tree compilation requires significant amount work and expertise each topic and domain. expect engage professional institutions this process using the above mentioned reward scheme for each knowledge domain that they can help develop and improve. neutral can work parallel over the existing spread algorithm, allowing perform the learning and implementation modules, focusing those knowledge domains where the platform possesses more content and development which takes greater interest. https://sola.foundation architecture layer launched the service involved logical decentralization. this means that the users independently processed the available amount information. outburst interest for blockchain technology and its drastic development has led point where blockchain implementation into the mass user service both feasible and justified. this why have made decision decentralize the service the architecture level. why decentralize? all social services that use are centralized and controlled small group people which makes them consequently and potentially impartial. the same time democratic principles make inevitable that sooner later independent social service will created. moreover, such attempts are regularly taken (see more detailed info). from functional point view, decentralization has the following main advantages: decentralized service better fighting blocking attempts and both self and external censorship; can significantly lower platform service charges wisely implemented; allows restriction service creators influence, subsequently becoming better fitting for end users and third party developers engagement into its development; using cryptocurrencies much more flexible and less costly than operating fiat currencies the payment layer. https://sola.foundation are carrying out transfer from the current centralized model the decentralized and distributed architecture step step. stage token issue: which leads creation and start the economic development; stage operations decentralization blockchain; stage media-data handling decentralization; stage providing distributed operations via nodes. decentralized media storage media data (pictures, video, other card data) can preliminarily stored via ipfs, which will allow content available anywhere. ipfs good solution for fail-safe systems. the key risk relatively low access speed which will significantly affect user experience and can appear not enough for the highload consumer service. for quick access post media and data content available via ipfs, the cdn server can used. this could cut data receipt time dramatically. https://sola.foundation main node country nodes distributed immutable service (nodes) country nodes shall used build distributed service. any user after the installation the special software will able become node for the platform and use excessive power their provide for its performance, servicing users located nearest their country. reward, such user will get certain percentage all transactions with sol within their node. nodes give two huge advantages the platform: platform maintenance becomes significantly cheaper, which means that costs can reduced and the freed resources can used for user payments and other purposes; fail safe operation case node goes offline (including the main node) and case the country node isolation (i.e. service operation will remain intact when the great firewall china on). https://sola.foundation moderation and censorship our more than years experience the social services domain has shown that there way they can exist without moderation. importance centralized moderation best shown the examples facebook and twitter. moderation one the forms censorship and claims some services that they have censorship are either evidence populist statement, complete ignorance about the basic principles social media. moderation allows ensure safe and non-toxic environment which extremely important for social service that only has public content. avoid abuse power becoming the blind tool censorship, moderation shall carried out per publically stated rules. case sola the two-level moderation model used: centralized moderation provided the team's own forces; decentralized pseudo-moderation user level, where users can prohibit publishing the content which they think improper. this tool can effectively reduce the audience for improper content like nudity and violence. unfortunately, can pretty useless when dealing with racism, bullying and other such content which often highly supported. our view that ensuring comfortable and safe environment for public communication should one the priorities for the social service even involves certain unpopular decisions. https://sola.foundation joint development open for purpose social services market one the most competitive ones. the latest major players, instagram and snapchat (), were founded more than years ago, making use mass user migration from pcs smartphones window opportunities missed the largest market players. think that the drastic growth decentralized services comparable this window potential. the very nature decentralized service suggests that ideally fits attract and develop users and other involved parties own services. hard fight for users and talents with the existing services that have many users and resources. not enough produce free product equal quality and user experience. one can attract allies providing them with two kinds motivation financial and ideological, and they together. from ideological point view, have created social layer integrated social space which defined and controlled the actions all, being owned none. are intentionally striving for restricting the core development team's influence, keeping all current developments open sourced possible. our task build the system such manner that could self-regulated with external intrusion little possible. from financial point view, consider pure necessity acknowledge all involved parties (users, third party developers, and the core development team) equal partners and grant every participant opportunity make profit from their contribution the network development. https://sola.foundation user layer users are provided with following three main profit-making scenarios: receiving endorsement for user-created content (cards, comments) other users (see more sola application); using own resources ensure distributed immutable service (see more distributed immutable service (nodes)); contributing neutral learning and data separation (see more collective machine learning). developer layer api documented detail the the first major milestone after the launch the service. gradually, most the existing code will documented and open sourced. third party developers are also provided with the following three main profit-making scenarios: content layer (see more custom card templates and advanced card templates) and distribution layer (see more neutral ai) development; core platform and core app improvement via bounty development program; own services development based sola capabilities and infrastructure (see more the next section). during the first quarter are planning launch the bounty development program which will enable the core dev team act customer and outsource some the tasks the experts that are unavailable impractical hired permanent team members. besides, the program will allow the engaged users build teams enabling them make joint requests for development supported financial obligations. https://sola.foundation example core team sponsored development example user sponsored development core team wants make the some users think that the service process setting and running has have instagram-like decentralized node smooth pinch zoom function. core possible, but the design unit development team does not overloaded. thus, bounty for consider this request their improved interface declared first priority and goes the for node installer and client. this bounty development program decision made after taking vote where the users who want this existing node holders. function included fund sol the request deposit for its implementation. while the amount reward growing some third party developer solves this task and once the code approved, implemented into the platform and the reward released the developer's account. sola social layer being the core dev team, are focused entirely platform development opportunities and the increase its audience. however, are completely aware the fact that both users and advertisers are interested communication well making profit. open social layer concept intends that grant third parties free and unrestricted access the users (the right address the users, not the right deal with their personal data) and the platform infrastructure create https://sola.foundation own services. the key points here are platform reputation and trust and are able provide all necessary elements build quality relationships: open source code; public api; universal payment layer based cryptocurrency. our own sola app the first service built the platform and its purpose demonstrate platform abilities, attract interest and audience the platform. the only condition use the platform obligation utilize sol tokens means payment. does not mean that the platform unable work with other crypto and fiat currencies. however, means that once received, they are converted sol. when withdrawal for sol made, can converted into any other currency the discretion the service. example third-party service built sola app example external third-party service using sola platform but not sola app sola's content spread logic fits someone decides make truly perfectly for the early influencers user-friendly and social movie detection. third-party service recommendation app. users swipe allows investing influencers for through the movie database cards the share their future profits. and user-generated cards like relations are regulated smart best sci-fi movies all time" contracts. investing interface can one one making "like" placed user's profile providing "don't like" decisions. users can visibility for both, the user and the take part discussions and receive service developer. anyone who can better tailored recommendations see the widget can add their after while. own profile which results widget adoption viral way. https://sola.foundation sola app the end launched plague decentralized social and information network where information spread among users per epidemic propagation model. sola app evolution this service and has inherited its data, audience, interface and logic which are expanded and upgraded with the sola platform resources. the app quite simple and crystal clear from the user experience point view. instead traditional feeds, sola uses stack cards. so, the user always sees only one card the screen and able switch the next only after making their decision the current card. gesture-based tinder-like interface used switch between cards. every card can either ignored "endorsed" which helps spread across the network. the distribution layer responsible for cards "assignment" the users combines its own algorithms with the users' "endorsement" signals and their personal settings. https://sola.foundation every user receives their daily allowance internal virtual currency action points (basic variable amount depending user's positive activities). action points can spent user's own created content (comments, cards) well other users' content endorsement. when action points are transferred another user, they are converted into the universal cryptocurrency sol. other words, action points have value before they are transferred another user endorsement created content. gain the benefit from the service necessary produce content (cards and comments). action points naturally restrict user's opportunities and rationalize their behavior. the app demonstrates extremely high level engagement, everyday users create thousands new posts and comments. average, users daily spend minutes using the app and look through cards. users registered cards created comments created votes for cards united states, germany, japan, france, russian federation top countries september, mobile apps are available for download app store and google play, use the web version. https://sola.foundation user acquisition content creators and their audience content creators are both the key asset social network and one the drivers its development. sola allows content creators get direct financial benefit money reward, which stimulates acquisition quality content creators. our aim create the most favorable conditions for the largest possible content creator audience, that content creators are motivated create quality content our platform which are: there entrance threshold. you can make money from the start. the cryptocurrency payment layer allows implement both automated and financially effective logic for paying any amount reward; there need make new connections first, there such notion our spread algorithm will take care that while assisting the user utilize the existing audience; there need become "pro" creator monetize your content. any comment card allow users make profit. many people have large audiences those services where they are registered and which they use spread their content social networks, blogs, etc. lot these users have thousands and thousands followers, but they lack direct monetization tools with the exception contextual advertising direct relationships with advertisers. however, there are other direct monetization tools for small and medium "pro" creators, not mention regular users. amongst other things, the above mentioned creators can also highly, financially motivated use sola and attract their followers onto the platform explicitly implicitly, benefiting both from the content they create well referral programs. https://sola.foundation automated referral program mobile phone verification and sol cryptocurrency allows set referral programs for acquisition new users, ensuring transparency and effectively stimulating program members. part this program sola's current users are rewarded for attracting new users who follow their links the content and the service itself. member who attracts new users receives action points for each visit made these new users. more action points are awarded the new users register the platform. addition this, the member the program receives certain percentage sol earned the new user for some time period. big advantage our approach referral program's implementation that there need special referral codes any explicit participation the program general. any user, spreading information beyond the network automatically becomes the member the program and gets detailed view all granted rewards. https://sola.foundation token sale sol tokens are issued and put into circulation for sola's platform launch and functioning. sol tokens are the only currency which used for mutual payments among platform users. part these tokens will sold the current and future users during token sale. the received funds will used for the platform development. token sale will last from november, december, the bonus scheme will announced https://sola.foundation later. the total amount sol token created ill token sale hard cap usd. token price usd. hard cap currency accepted token price https://sola.foundation collected sum equivalent eth, btc, bts usd during the first days after the end the token sale. the issued tokens will evenly transferred the user allocation fund used for rewards for the created content and means financial support platform the stage and other revenue streams development. the issued tokens will reserved for the core dev team with -year lock, they are used for the incentive plan aimed bringing and keeping highly qualified experts. will transferred the user allocation fund for rewards already accrued the sola app users from app's launch till the end token sale. all funds raised during the token sale will used for platform development per the following ratio: since the project has been under development using proprietary funds and funds raised from venture capital investments. now, have run rate about per year. additional funding will enable accelerate the product development. besides this, will give spur the development the ecosystem and growth the user base. https://sola.foundation the table below outlines the development progress for each layer. stage stage stage iii engineering decentralized operations (move on-chain) decentralized media storage (ipfs). moderately lowered infrastructure costs. distributed via user-hosted nodes. significantly lowered infrastructure costs. highly immutable. distribution layer advanced criteria- and behavior-based spread algorithm. neural network based able detect topics, expertise level, and the correlation between topics (knowledge domains). able detect knowledge domains and topics with variety views (e.g. politics) and provide range opinions. content layer long-form content capabilities. advanced media content with interactivity auto-parsing any kind external content into card format. ai-based summarizing long form content with natural language and converting card format. public api regular workshops sola developers support fund architecture layer ecosystem economy layer revenue streams third-party advertising network ads free premium accounts. hoc special projects direct advertising self-service platform connector platform enables "pay per engagement model" projected apru, .-. .-. .-+ approaching first-tier advertisers for test implementations. revenue share partnerships with top-tier publishers. injection professional content card format. distribution sola advertising the platform the third-parties. revenue share exchange for traffic both ways. business development https://sola.foundation timeline https://sola.foundation team our core team has ten people. seven these are highly qualified engineers (as september, most our team has been working together since when the company was founded work with innovative social services. our headquarters vilnius, lithuania. are annually audited kpmg. ilya zudin ceo, co-founder more than years experience the social services area, including years experience the area social games. since has been working his own social services. ilya's area expertise artificial decision-making systems. linkedin twitter pavel panov cto, co-founder more than years experience development and senior management. since pavel has been working his own social project collaboration with ilya zudin. linkedin github maxim belov cfo media companies financial management expert, maxim has been part the sola team for last two years. before sola, had worked for years operational finance director for ctc media (the largest media holding russia, nasdaq public corporation). linkedin https://sola.foundation vasily zubarev oleg mykhailenko architect full-stack engineer degree natural language processing. years experience developing years experience backend web, mobile and desktop applications. development. machine learning and blockchain enthusiast. neural networks expert. github github sergei vasilenko alexander shibelev software engineer software engineer solid knowledge java and android extensive experience java development. machine learning expert. development. master's degree github (distribution) computer science. github sergey devyatkin dmitry lyapustin software engineer product designer sertified scrum practitioner, ios adept years graphic ui/ux design and tech lover. participated more experience. recent years dmitry has than successful and projects. been focused interaction design. github linkedin elena arkhipova marketing manager marketing communication, community support, media and activities. linkedin https://sola.foundation advisors and partners igor matsanyuk early investor serial entrepreneur turned investor. invested companies. founder imi.vc and chairman game insight, one the largest mobile games company. linkedin gregory finger early investor president and founding partner dst global, where has participated numerous high-profile investments leading internet companies. chairman imi.vc. mike brusov advisor founder, ceo cindicator, hybrid intelligence for effective asset management linkedin ronny boesing advisor founder and ceo openledger aps, the world's first blockchain powered conglomerate. with bts founder, dan larimer, ronny constantly developing the graphene/ bitshares ecosystem. linkedin https://sola.foundation openledger partner world's first decentralized exchange. the openledger ecosystem includes advertising, trading, blockchain talent, and ico marketing subsidiaries. law&trust international partner law&trust international company works all areas law and offers wide range services. https://sola.foundation disclaimer all materials, such sola white paper, business plan, development road map, etc., published the website elsewhere, are not binding and not unless explicitly referred herein form part terms, and are descriptive nature only. information presented this white paper can incomplete and does not contain any part contractual agreement. this white paper does not contain any investment, legal, tax, regulatory, financial, accounting any other type recommendations, and this white paper not used the only accurate basis for transaction assessment when procuring sol tokens. before sol token procurement, the potential buyer shall consult their legal, investment, tax, accounting and other advisors define potential benefits, barriers and other consequences such transactions. nothing this white paper can considered request for investment, proposal procure any securities under any jurisdiction. this document not written accordance with the laws rules any jurisdiction, and does not fall under any jurisdiction which prohibits any way restricts cryptocurrency transactions. some statements, assessments and financial information this white paper contain predictions, not facts. such statements and information are subject unknown risks and uncertainties. should these risks uncertainties materialize, the actual events results may vary significantly from assessments contained this document. sol tokens are neither proposed nor distributed, and they cannot resold any other way disposed their owners the citizens, physical and legal entities located registered (i) the united states america (all states and columbia district included), puerto rico, united states virgin islands, any other territories the united states america, https://sola.foundation (ii) country territory where transactions with cryptocurrencies are prohibited any way restricted. case such entity has procured sol tokens, its actions will regarded illegal, unauthorized and fraudulent, which will entail adverse effect. the company neither proposes nor distributes sol tokens, nor has any business within regulated operations singapore other countries and territories where transactions with related digital tokens are subject prohibitive measures and require from the company registered and licensed all necessary governmental bodies. remind every sol token potential buyer that this white paper presented grounds that the reader the entity which attention this document can legally brought per the jurisdiction the abovementioned entity subject to. each sol token potential buyer's responsibility define the buyer can legally procure sol tokens under their own jurisdiction, and the buyer can trade sol tokens the other buyer falling under another jurisdiction. this technical document written the english language the only official information source about the sol project. information contained here might translated into other languages from time time. the course such translation parts the information presented here might lost, damaged misrepresented. the accuracy such alternative information cannot guaranteed. case any conflicts differences between this document and such translations, preference assigned the english version the official document. this white paper does not constitute public offer. https://sola.foundation