healthcare that you can access that affordable and works for your family lightpaper revolution healthcare table contents introduction the problem the solution the opportunity our platform token economy our team disclaimer change healthcare for the better for generations come introduction all value our good health and hope access high quality care when require it. unfortunately, this may turn out not the case. healthcare today, whilst not quite broken, certainly straining the seams. global spending health exceeds trillion annually and expected increase trillion worldwide the us, almost one every five dollars national output consumed healthcare. this not sustainable and radical action needed. through our deep expertise benefit administration and care coordination have created revolutionary new platform that will redefine healthcare for individuals, employers, providers, administrators, insurers and government agencies around the world. the lancet, april "national spending using health source for countries between and healthcare expenditure australia gdp canada germany spend usd bln japan mexico source: oecd the problem much the developed world our population ageing rapidly. increased demand for care placing intolerable burden upon already stretched healthcare resources. complex support infrastructures, data system silos and administrative bureaucracy have given rise inefficiency and duplication effort that waste billions dollars. incredibly, medical bills can towards paying administrative costs. that's simply unacceptable. excessive healthcare administration costs consume resources that should directed improving both access care and quality care. the solution solve.care's revolutionary platform will significantly improve care outcomes dramatically reducing healthcare administration costs and substantially reducing the opportunity for duplication, waste, abuse and fraud. expect create major cost savings facilitating authorised peer-to-peer transactions that delegate authority individual stakeholders while empowering payers regarding cost control and oversight. utilizing blockchain technology, radically reduce the unacceptable administrative burden placed healthcare providers and enhance the care experience individuals. it's quantum change. freeing doctors more doctoring and putting patients, not the system, the very heart care. steffie woolhandler, m.d., m.p.h., terry campbell, m.h.a., and david himmelstein, m.d. "costs health care administration the united states and canada," engl med win for everyone for individuals and families put individuals control their healthcare simple and convenient manner. the touch button: make appointments, share records, compare prices, maximise discounts, manage prescriptions, view personalized care information, make accurate payments and manage benefits. for doctors and care providers reduce the administrative burden, deliver better care outcomes and have more time available for actual delivery care. publish their availability, verify patients' coverage and deductible, access appropriate and accurate records, handle consents, issue prescriptions and coordinate with specialists, labs and therapists. more wasted hours spent the phone with insurance companies. for employers offer employees more robust benefit packages cost that affordable. build their own care administration network reward employees for healthy lifestyles and encourage the right behaviour that supports good health. for insurers dramatically improve provider relations and satisfaction from accurate and timely payments. automate and simplify case management. achieve care coordination real time. radically reduce administrative overhead and complexity. actively contribute enhancing customer wellbeing rewarding excellent provider performance and promoting healthier behaviours. for government agencies gain control over administrative and costs, replacing rigid, expensive system silos with flexible care administration network. focus more serving the needs their population and much less managing vendors and systems. the opportunity enormous market the cost administrating and managing care and benefits globally well excess trillion dollars per annum. solve.care will concentrate its efforts here, help realise substantial savings that could eventually amount tens, not hundreds, billions dollars. global scale our clients comprise insurance companies, healthcare administrators, clinics, large employers and government agencies. our solutions have global appeal and are already discussion with interested parties canada, the uk, the middle east, mexico and australia. business focus solve.care will provide innovative solutions that reduce the administrative burden, provide real-time payments providers, delegate authority patients and providers, and enhance quality care. solve.care will work with client organisations establish care administration networks that significantly reduce costs, improve outcomes, empower providers and engage members. our first client early solve.care signed multi-year agreement with our first client arizona care network ('acn'). this substantial organisation that manages care for over: members physicians locations feel honoured that acn has engaged solve.care co-develop solutions that deliver more efficient and effective healthcare services. solve.care taking all the pain points away from patients and employees serving patients. dr. david hanekom, ceo acn our platform revolution care, cost convenience solve.care decentralized and distributed platform for the administration healthcare and benefits programs. our protocol based entity pair relationships bound smart contract the blockchain. all relevant events are recorded and coordinated and then delivered the right party, exactly when needed. key components the platform combine provide highly innovative approach administering care and benefits keeping all parties sync, without the need for centralized record keeper. components care.wallet our personal healthcare administrator for individuals and providers; houses care.cards and care.coins that automatically sync real time with other linked wallets. care.cards purpose built applications that reside the care.wallet and that are downloaded from care.marketplace. care.coin intelligent programmable payment token used pay providers. offers incredible flexibility managing accountability and transparency and validating proof service. care.protocol connects and synchronizes wallets, cards and coins between stakeholders, coordinate care and automate transactions revolutionary new approach. marketplace care.marketplace our app store for healthcare. think any application that could interest individuals managing their health and wellbeing and you have potential new care.card. they could show 'intelligently' based what they know about your healthcare. card application developers owners will able generate revenues from published cards, whether from charge for one-time downloads from periodic subscription fees. all charges and fees will settled solve tokens. are very excited about the prospects for care.marketplace and believe could become the 'go-to' place for intelligent, relevant and interactive healthcare management. the possibilities for innovation and positive social impact are limitless security compliance solve.care platform designed protect the security and privacy sensitive data whilst also improving access and accountability. only event logs are immutably recorded the blockchain. event payload (e.g. prescription details doctor's notes) maintained off-chain, ensuring data safely delivered via dual-key authorisation only the authorised party and only for the authorised duration. why blockchain? are using blockchain the distributed ledger for all care.events that take place between patient, doctor, pharmacy, laboratory, insurer and other parties. solve.care platform delegates authority the patient and provider, resulting decentralized administration healthcare services. solve.care platform allows clients sponsor care administration networks that can coordinate the care people with similar/complex needs such diabetes patients, the elderly and pregnant women. solve.care uses blockchain issue intelligent payment tokens that accelerate the healthcare payment cycle, saving time and reducing costs. care.protocol uses blockchain and smart contracts define and encapsulate relationships between any two stakeholders (e.g. patient-doctor, patient-insurer). care.vault built bridge on-chain and off-chain storage manner that compliant with all applicable laws governing patient privacy, data security and consents. solve.care platform can reduce administrative burdens and costs within any healthcare system decentralizing processes that govern the behaviour and experience patients, physicians, insurers and all other healthcare stakeholders. care.wallet the personal healthcare administrator the very heart the solve.care platform. it's intuitive interface that puts users control all interactions, simply, quickly and the touch button. care.wallets enable peer-to-peer transactions. providers payers enrollment eligibility billing and payments premium collection benefits explanation life event handling employers group enrollment cost sharing utilization wellness rewards scheduling eligibility verification referrals billing payments reconciliation patients eligibility referrals scheduling prescriptions transportation bills and payments use case example: schedule appointment patient publishes appointment request linked eligibility card provider wallet responds with schedule card showing availability near requested time and date authorized provider wallets receive request and verify availability wallets automatically exchange patient consent and eligibility information patient selects appropriate provider and confirms time provider scheduling card patient and provider wallets remain sync via reminder re-confirmation use case example: referrals physician determines need for specialist procedural care for patient physician issues referral card patient wallet patient confirms appointment and wallets exchange consent, and eligibility cards specialist wallets automatically sync with referral card and respond with schedule card referral card automatically links and syncs with eligibility patient publishes appointment card with linked referral card use case example: member submitted claims member creates claim using easy use card claim card syncs with eligibility card and wallet card guides member through claim submission claim status card sent member wallet insurer wallet receives complete claim and approves sends review payment card issued with payment using care.coins token economy dual token mechanism there are two tokens use the solve.care platform, each having distinct functionality. care.coin intelligent healthcare stable payment currency issued payers such insurance companies. backed the financial reserves the issuer, can denominated any currency, has fixed supply and not publicly traded. solve native utility token required participate and transact the platform. solve erc token the ethereum network. token supply fixed and the price variable, determined market supply and demand. token use solve utility tokens are required for platform participation and transact it. solve will required for care administration network fees, establishing care.wallets, purchasing care.cards, emission care.coins, payments using care.coins, care.marketplace participation, service and integration fees. example organization establishes care administration network for its members and providers, supplies each them with care.wallet and makes payments using care.coin. solve tokens would payable respect of: network participation and integration services fees for provider care.wallet fees for consumer care.wallet care.coin emission and care.coin payments the total number solve tokens required will depend the fees levied for the wallets and the extent the care.coin payments. will also impacted the token market price. our team our team presently comprises more than dedicated professionals, covering all aspects technology development, business development, marketing, compliance and (lean) administration. are growing rapidly and are actively recruiting additional talented individuals, help ensure can meet the incredible demand see for our solutions. pradeep goel chief executive officer pradeep has deep expertise health and human services, finance and technology. has been the ceo, coo, cio and cto roles various innovative technology companies, for more than years. pradeep was deeply involved designing and building solutions for several public programs such medicaid, children health insurance, medicare, snap, tanf and many others. vadym vorobiov chief technology officer vadym's primary focus has been deliver products and solutions which bring value clients and individuals. vadym spent more than decade the health and human services sector building and deploying enterprise systems for government and commercial organizations. dr. david randall, ph.d. senior policy advisor dr. randall currently serves executive director and resident scholar with the american research and policy institute. dr. randall has extensive experience former top insurance regulator, health care lobbyist, executive with not only insurance companies, but also with several provider trade groups washington. odjaghian head client solution delivery key member the senior executive team specializing delivering healthcare technology solutions clients. has years experience delivering healthcare applications clients. disclaimer the purpose this lightpaper present short summary overview the solve.care platform ("platform") and its native token solve. the information presented not comprehensive and should not relied upon the sole source knowledge respect either the platform solve token. readers are advised also refer the company's web site (www.solve.care) and whitepaper for additional information. nothing this lightpaper shall deemed constitute prospectus any sort solicitation for investment, nor does any way pertain offering solicitation offer buy any securities any jurisdiction. the solve token has not been registered under the securities act, the securities laws any state the united states the securities laws any other country, including the securities laws any jurisdiction which potential token holder resident. solve tokens are utility tokens and their sole intended purpose for use exchange for platform services. solve tokens confer other rights any form, including but not limited any ownership, distribution (including, but not limited to, profit), redemption, liquidation, property (including all forms intellectual property), other financial legal rights, other than those specifically set forth the whitepaper. all the information provided within this lightpaper provided "as is" and with warranties. solve.care foundation makes representations and extends warranties any type the accuracy completeness any information content this lightpaper. from time time the information contained this lightpaper may translated into other languages. the event any conflicts inconsistencies between such translations and this official english language lightpaper, the provisions this english language original document shall prevail.