decentralized social hub offering multiple cryptocurrency rewards incentivizing truth ico may why incentivized truth? legacy media dying. their corporate content has less and less appeal and viewers are spending more time social media than ever before. major social platforms are suppose free and open solutions platforms for the people... but they have increasingly become corrupted. how so? censoring those voices that have the most important things say. many independent thinkers with points view different than those the status quo have had their channels de-monetized, minimized with complex algorithms that keep these voices from being heard. and keeping alternative views from the public isn't bad enough user information being sold and profited from every step the way. ong.social the solution imagine social media platform that was built resist top down censorship and control. platform that encourages and makes profitable those that speak and spread truth, while allowing the community down vote propaganda and lies. this platform also includes lot cool technology designed empower people fully express themselves. including the ability connect other social networks single interface (social dashboard), but most importantly this platform made the people, for the people! power the people! abstract ong.social block chain based social dashboard that brings all social media networks into asingle interface and that also supports community building and social interaction withcryptocurrency rewards. ong places special emphasis toward weighted compensationalgorithm called gravity (tm) that measures and rewards community verified truth and overallglobal impact for each post made social media. contents overview ong ........................................................................................................................................... the first incentivized social dashboard for the block chain....................................................................... literature review and competition analysis............................................................................................ gravity algorithm.................................................................................................................................... gravity score and credential verification .......................................................................................... gravitational pull................................................................................................................................. g-force................................................................................................................................................ g-fuel.................................................................................................................................................. get paid for the truth........................................................................................................................ turning off negative gravity .............................................................................................................. full reward mechanism.......................................................................................................................... voting mechanism .................................................................................................................................. gravity score....................................................................................................................................... gaming the system: threat abatement and response ......................................................................... troll tracking and fake news ................................................................................................................. ways contribute ................................................................................................................................ ong coin.......................................................................................................................................... technical specifications ...................................................................................................................... g-bucks ........................................................................................................................................... full reserve g-bucks ............................................................................................................................... g-fuel .............................................................................................................................................. multicurrency wallet .............................................................................................................................. smart contracts ethereum................................................................................................................... smart contracts waves platform.......................................................................................................... decentralized, encrypted data storage (storj) ....................................................................................... decentralized, self encrypted data caching (maidsafe) ........................................................................ global supercomputer, cpu golemn ................................................................................................... steemit.................................................................................................................................................... future adaptability ................................................................................................................................. visualized content distribution .............................................................................................................. incentivized social dashboard ................................................................................................................ social for cause ................................................................................................................................... conclusion................................................................................................................................................... references .............................................................................................................................................. pre-ico terms......................................................................................................................................... onename global, inc. (ong) crowdsale: terms conditions .................................................................. terms and conditions ....................................................................................................................... timing sale ...................................................................................................................................... overview ong.social ong.social the first social dashboard incentivize community members with cryptocurrency rewards, allowing anyone streamline social media while maximizing speed roi. the dashboard allows users connect, create, consume and distribute information centralized "status quo" social networks and decentralized social networks, creating bridge both. this provides users with simplicity and overall control their digital identities. combined with flexible tools that allow community members rewarded with multiple cryptocurrency rewards, ong altogether changes the landscape social media. ong.social allows you maintain the status quo centralized social media world, yet puts you control you'll never have worry about losing channel monetization and with publicly verified blockchain, you'll never censored shut down! furthermore, ong.social supports community building and social interaction, therefore users can connect with one another encrypted network without limits. this means that you can connect many (or few) people you want environment that can never shut down censored and that lets you control all your encrypted data. the gravity algorithm designed incentivize community interaction, truth verification, voting, sharing, content curation and measure the overall global impact for each post social media. like reputation score, the gravity score for each person will vary the influence, impact and overall weight applied the gravity algorithm for each participant their score increases decreases and/or according the scores those voting/verifying accuracy post. the first incentivized social dashboard for the block chain decentralized social dashboard creates bridge all existing (centralized) social networks and decentralized social networks enabling users connect, consume, create and distribute information way that gives each user ultimate control over their information, social channel(s), privacy, and data encryption. users will see all existing social feeds (social feed aggregation) and able distribute content with ease without completely abandoning the existing systems already place, while taking advantage ong's decentralized social network- network without limits where your audience will always able access your channel, content and information without censorship limitations. community consensus understanding the gap the market that ong looking fill, important give analysis the market itself, and the social landscape. pew research polls have identified specific types social media networks that have predictable behavior patterns twitter. this information allows ong formulate the gravity algorithm based the behavior patterns associated with these models. instead trying control behavior, the gravity algorithm seeks observe and enable the natural behaviors the crowd. one the biggest issues with topdown algorithms that they become channels for unilateral viewpoints, and ultimately the inability respond the social psyche can cause algorithm fall out use (myspace). literature review and competition analysis the following charts and definitions give context for these networks: chart from pew research poll definitions from mgd marketing polarized crowd: pew found polarized discussions feature two big and dense groups that have few connections/interactions with each other. the topics being discussed are often divisive and/or political. even the groups are focused the same topic, there little crossover. the groups--for example, liberals and conservatives--don't argue with each other, they just ignore each other. they even point different web resources and use different hashtags. tight crowd: these types groups are characterized primarily conversations among number highly interconnected people with few outside participants. for example, many conferences, professional topics, and hobby groups take this structure. brand clusters: these groups occur when disconnected people comment well-known products, services, subjects (such celebrities) twitter. these fragmented populations all tweet about the same topic but not each other. pew found the larger the population talking about brand, the less likely that participants are connected one another. community clusters: this structure emerges when popular topics develop multiple smaller groups, which often form around few hubs, each with its own audience, influencers, and sources information. these conversations have number separated clusters; for example, when global news stories attract coverage from many news outlets, each with its own following. broadcast network: this the hub-and-spoke structure where twitter commentary from wellknown outlets and pundits repeated others. the members the broadcast network audience are often connected the initial source, and not connected one another. that said, sometimes there are smaller groups densely connected people ("subject groupies," pew puts it) who discuss with one another. support network: this occurs situations when businesses tackle customer issues around their products and services. the interactions produce hub-and-spoke structure that different from the broadcast network pattern because the hub account replies many otherwise disconnected users, creating outward spokes. there are currently companies that make use the network data, and create graphic representations the data. while these tools exist, they are not comprehensive for getting the actual content being analyzed. the analysis the meta-data layer representing the social network, but the data layer does not allow user access the actual media being analyzed. many ways, this protect the privacy content creators. the one hand, content creators have too much meta-data available, their identities could compromised for purposes theft. the other hand, the demand creating successful product requires public interaction social media involved, and that case there assumed voluntary shedding least some level privacy. this where ong wants allow users maximize their online presence, make the best meta-data that available, share the ad-revenue that driving the industries, and most important protect the users' sensitive data. combination encrypted digital tokens, encrypted messaging, and decentralized networking will allow ong accomplish all these things without imposing restrictive overreaching algorithms. example, user would able look the multiple layers activity happening social media. currently one the biggest players affino. their models show social media breakdown trending topics and how the respective clusters connect. chart from affino.com chart from affino.com chart from affino.com the one hand, affino's charts are extremely useful analyzing the way trends cross over. this level analysis valuable and already has value proposition. the addition blockchain based ecosystem this type meta-data display offers secure way interact with the underlying social media meta data without compromising privacy, while providing community members with more comprehensive monetization tools ever-changing social network bio-sphere. gravity algorithm the gravity(tm) algorithm designed calculate the weight content and other contributions made community members. taking the lead from the unified theory model, the concept utilizing what has been described malcolm gladwell "stickiness" media, the capacity for piece media attract attention and attempting compare the "stickiness" what could described "gravitational force" object. has been described "viral" creating "network effect" the sense being able attract large number audience members short amount time. the more amount people the audience the least amount time (g-force), the more gravity something has. this concept meant not only articulate within network what leads something going "viral", but this system attempts quantify weight, speed, and relationships definitions based the subsequent usage content producers and consumers. the system will not treat all gravity being equal. there positive and negative gravity. this case, the system will designed give preferential rewards positive gravity, but not punish negative gravity. this method which users are incentivized put out content that the crowd rates "positive" using upvote mechanisms, while not silencing punishing those that receive more "downvotes" negative gravity. gravity score and credential verification ong has already integrated with linkedin, users that choose combine higher level aml/kyc standards offering resumes and academia profiles can receive higher gravity scores for identity and experience verification. like reputation score, the gravity score for each person will influence the impact and weight applied the gravity algorithm according their score for those who want verify credentials and expertise. gravitational pull g-force this will the mechanism from which the impact piece media described. having mechanism that articulates the current g-force user article will allow for floating metric gravity that more reactive than the total "gravity" contribution. the case that something attracting lot views short period time, its g-force would much higher than periods which not attracting lot activity. over time, the g-force will vary much more than the total gravity for each work, which the cumulative sum community members contribution recognized their peers. g-fuel this will the mechanism which community member will vote for against content. gfuel allows each member up/down vote, promote, boost piece content. adding gfuel post will give the potential gain more gravity, but cannot guarantee that something will have high gravity, just down voting post cannot guarantee that will have negative gravity. this will allow for diverse stream content that does not become dominated paid marketing, but rather will provide mechanism for empowering community consensus, thereby allowing the crowd dictate the gravitational pull contribution into the mainstream. members who possess combination higher gravity scores and g-fuel voting power will have greater impact the gravitational pull and overall gravity contribution. get paid for the truth fact checking with the gravity algorithm place, ong will unique position offer rewards for factchecking popular news. this will allow for forum ong which articles submitted will analyzed the general community and those with high gravity scores (verified credentials) and special class members who have been voted gravity specialists. this process will keep the verification news fair gives anyone the chance offer and vote information, while giving those with higher gravity scores and gravity specialists ability offer educated and informed insight, verifying truthful information from within field. gravity specialist the fact checking process will feed into the gravity score reputation system. users that prove themselves asset the community will have their gravity scores increased over time and will able voted the community gravity specialists for added compensation. this ecosystem design will encourage gravity specialists more judicious with their assertions, and over time give them increased compensation for removing corrupt information from the social network bio-sphere. turning off negative gravity addition being able utilize the gravity system promote more positive interactions the internet, the platform will give users the option turn off high points negative gravity. this will create filter for media with "negative gravity" rated the users. giving the users the option "turn off" putting the power into the users' hands, and not censoring legal content that simply gets downvoted. full reward mechanism the following definitions and variables will used the basis for the first iteration the gravity algorithm. after alpha and beta testing stage, updates the algorithm will come quarterly cycles with some cycles not needing updates passes penetration testing. total views users article creator upvote downvote tag headline number words followers language languages translated into video word only word and image word and video word, video, image word, video, image, audio audio image and audio audio, image, text time spent reading time spent listening time spent viewing video ti= time spent viewing image block beginning block end block day cap) commenter comment comment upvote comment downvote time zone poster time zone audience time original post time comment time view time sub story being tagged reference original parent story time tangential story being tagged reference sub story parent story time post story being tagged reference sub, tan, parent story parent story sub story (nd tier) tangential story (rd tier) post-script story (th tier) voting mechanism the following will the basis for the algorithm that will issue rewards based user votes gravity score gravity positive gravity negative gravity verified vote for truth article verified source vetted piece information verified vote for debunking claim assertion that claim false based verification process authority information distance from original story both time and space hgp heavy positive gravity point (top hgn heavy negative gravity point (top ([]dv/[]uv) ({[]cm co}/{[]cmx[]cu}) ([]uv/[]dv) ({[]cm []cu}/[]cm co}) ({[]co/[]cm}/{[]v/[]u}) ({uv dv}/[]f) (tp, time elapsed between (ta, xv) (tp, time elapsed between (ta, xc), etc... s(tp) |x|(tp) bb(tp) gaming the system: threat abatement and response the system design focused achieving perfect bayesian equilibrium. this combination achieving the nash equilibrium while also attending the subsequent braess paradox. game theory, the perfect bayesian equilibrium addresses all the aspects human nature, and allows them all function within the system and win without harming another player. another issue that the equilibrium takes into account that there will always least one player trying game the system. within the world cryptocurrency, this could known sybil attack, man-in-the-middle attack, attack like antbleed, even keyloggers and phishing scams can employed game system. the ong team constantly learning the newest threats for social networks and blockchains, including social engineering threats that are one the largest dangers currently. the team plans periodic penetration and spamming tests the network address potential for gaming, and then apply periodic updates. this will follow the traditional software development life cycle, while allowing for agile development that necessary the blockchain environment. troll tracking and fake news with all the metadata that available, users and content with consistently high negative gravity scores will labeled trolls. this not meant reward the trolls, and well this not meant punish the trolls. this will allow those the community have "troll off" option that will effectively filter these users and media that have consistently been down voted the community labeled "fake news". important that this not decided top-down authority algorithm, but allow each individual the option decide they agree with community consensus. any user can change their gravity score and reputation positive gravity producing good content, which will then longer trigger the troll label. this allows for users earn the respect the community back. ways contribute this section outlines the ideas behind ong.social and the rewards for people who provide quality and quantifiable contributions the ong.social community. ong coin the network token that represents the most valuable cryptocurrency reward for participation. the ong coin will have finite limit, and will distributed network rewards for the next years. once the year distribution has reached its final distribution, the oracle will continue use g-fuel and g-bucks pay out rewards. million total ong coins distributed over years via both waves and ethereum blockchains follows: source: mobilego million ong coins will sold during ico usd per ong coin (decreasing discount structure more tokens are sold) million ong coins will held and later sold directly advertisers fund reserves $.usd/ong coin market value exceeds $.usd that price will prevail. million ong coins will set reserve and held onename global, inc. for future distribution founders and employees. this about much other ico's hold reserve average. million ong coins will included the distribution oracle for year distribution the community days, ong coins/day). technical specifications the token has fixed supply million tokens with the full supply created both blockchains. tokens purchased eth will released users' wallets the ethereum blockchain, with the balance being locked smart contract. tokens purchased fiat, btc and waves will released the waves blockchain, with the balance locked waves wallet. such, the balance the eth smart contract equal the liquidity the waves tokens, and the balance the waves locked wallet equal the liquidity the eth token. any point that eth token holder wants convert eth ong coin for waves token, they send waves address and their eth tokens the smart contract, locking the eth tokens and releasing the corresponding waves token sending them the nominated address. likewise, waves token holder wants move his token onto the eth blockchain they visit the web interface, nominate eth address and send waves token the locked wallet. the eth token forwarded immediately. any given moment there will more than million available (unlocked) ong coins. *we credit mobilego for this innovative dual blockchain approach! proof concept proof concept smart contract and 'token flipper' contract code available for review at: https://etherscan.io/address/xceeababedfdafde#code ways contribute cont... g-bucks g-bucks can bought advertisers any time distribute users who can then use the gbucks purchase items inside the ong ecosystem, such g-fuel spend gravity, convert their g-bucks ong coin (based market value), withdraw their g-bucks exchange wallet. g-bucks will only created when advertiser purchases advertising space and will created usd:g-buck ratio. full reserve g-bucks the g-buck reserve will function full-reserve inflationary token allow for growth the advertising market without drastically increasing the cost for advertisers. the ong coin rises dramatically value, the cost usd may increase dramatically for advertisers who choose use the ong token advertise, unless these were acquired premium strike price, which would increase purchasing power. g-bucks will have consistent cost allow for stability, but will carry less weight than the ong coin due the ong coins being deflationary and rare. with the ong coin and g-bucks tandem, users will able exchange ong coin for g-bucks rate that will provide them increased advertisement more gravity when converting gfuel. inflationary fractional reserve g-fuel g-fuel can purchased directly ratio g-fuel:$.usd can purchased using gbucks ratio gbuck:g-fuel using the most valuable asset, ong coin (market rates). g-fuel can only converted g-bucks over six month period equal payments. g-fuel balances are otherwise non-transferrable and cannot traded cryptocurrency exchanges. transferring from g-bucks g-fuel, purchasing g-fuel direct referred fueling up, while transferring from g-fuel g-bucks referred fueling down. g-fuel that has been fueled down cannot fueled again. g-fuel bonus: incentive schedule registration the following tiered, g-fuel bonus schedule will given those registering for new accounts https://ong.social: pre-update (existing platform) registration schedule: all existing community members plus community members who register between dates above will receive bonus g-fuel (credited after the post update.) post-update registration tier incentive schedule: estimated november first: registrations receive g-fuel next: registrations receive g-fuel next: registrations receive g-fuel next: registrations receive g-fuel next: tbd registrations receive g-fuel receive all bonus g-fuel must used up/down vote, promote, boost piece content the platform prior fueling down. note: expect release the g-fuel, g-bucks and ong coin incentives update into ong.social november, once this update made the "post update" registration, incentive schedule above will live. the exact date will clearly posted ong.social. (global boost) ecosystem we've all heard about the massive advertising boycott that cost google hundreds millions annual revenues (https://www.inc.com/associated-press/youtube-ad-boycott-google-alphabetbiggest-headache.html). ong.social anticipated this problem several years ago when began designing and building the g-boost system avoid these types issues. g-boost -way internal system that allows both advertisers and content creators control who they want interact with. this the system that dictates the distribution g-bucks compensation from advertisers contributors and content creators. this can automated for simplicity, but can also set for manual approval for both; therefore advertisers can gain assurance that their advertising will never shown among questionable content and viceversa that content creators may only want promote certain brand advertisements that they are agreement with. community members can also turn off this system completely they not want promote interact with advertisements. ong.social one the rare ico's that already has live platform with hundreds thousands active users at: https://ong.social multicurrency wallet the ong team wants make digital currency easily accessible, while also taking into account that every user not familiar with how use cryptocurrencies. this will one the reasons for ong have wallet that not only allows for multiple currencies, but also makes the sending and receiving currencies much easier than other multicurrency wallets. the interface leaning towards visual representations users, the ultimate goal will for users have visual representation their intended recipient currency. this does not mean picture their face necessarily, but instead using hashes and wallet addresses the method sending currency, the end goal make digital currency transmission easy point and click. increasing the ease use for access will allow the back end have the functionality blockchain protection, while giving the user smart phone the ease point and click usage. image credit: bitgo ong's wallet services fully index the blockchain for all accounts, implement multi-signature security universally, manage privacy and provide easy-to-use wallet software for both api's and end user access. smart contracts ethereum ethereum currently one the most battle-tested blockchains that have known development team. one the arguments against bitcoin that the original development team still unknown, and this creates issue special-interests potentially coming into play the future the bitcoin network. currently, the public history ethereum, including all the attacks and reactions have made ethereum the strongest use-case for blockchain development team reaction. the case ong adding token its ecosystem, establish functionality within the system that can provide transactions various types, whether purchasing ong coin, encrypted message between two users. while bitcoin other tokens can serve the backbone for establishing colored coin for the ong protocol, ethereum the most versatile blockchain that available. erc standards set precedent for creating token with tested rule set, which allows ong analyze and modify the algorithm that distributes its token while not compromising the security layer the token itself. smart contracts waves platform waves platform decentralized, comprehensive and auditable blockchain ecosystem that provides all the features necessary for ease use and mass adoption. the waves encryption platform primarily designed support the issuance, trade and exchange digital assets/tokens via the blockchain and characterized its emphasis usability and utilization proof-of-stake its' consensus algorithm. decentralized, encrypted data storage (storj) storj decentralized blockchain storage system. instead service like aws, storj uses decentralized and distributed nodes store data. the redundancies the system not only allow for storage user data lower-cost framework, but the storj network will inherently grow more stable and secure than that aws. well, one the goals ong onboard the storj api allow users ong lend their storage space storj through our interface. this ease access will not only accelerate the number storj nodes, but also allow the ong network add another revenue stream taking small network fees off the portal. decentralized, self encrypted data caching (maidsafe) the safe network fully decentralized, with files distributed and stored all over the world, different devices. this allows the network robust attacks, with central point weakness. ong.social will build api and simple interface maidsafe storage and file distribution alternative, along with enabling our community earn another form cryptocurrency called safecoin. safecoins can earned addition ong coins offering storage space and cpu resources the maidsafe network. global supercomputer, cpu golemn encryption project that focused decentralizing super-computing power also protocol api that will added into ong increase the offering the dashboard. allowing users contribute their computers' idle cpu power global super-computer will provide users added revenue stream and legitimate processing resource. this could include processing genome equations, equations for nasa, data from cern, etc...really anything since this truly tapping processing power computer centers around the globe. steemit incentivized, blockchain-based social media platform that rewards people who provide meaningful and measurable contributions its' community. integrating the steemit api with the ong platform, users will able interact with, streamline and earn steem rewards, while earning ong coin, g-bucks and g-fuel rewards from ong.social. future adaptability major benefit ong's social dashboard the ability adapt future platforms. ong bridges our technology into the blockchain will establish api's with emerging decentralized social platforms, such akasha qratoras have already done with existing social platforms, such facebook, twitter, linkedin and google+. visualized content distribution the content distribution model can treated combination traditional media time slots combined with the reactionary agility twitter feed. ong able create tools that allow better curation internet content, material that goes through the ong "human filter" will allow the system display visual representation distributed content. media can accessed choosing which layer information one wants access. restricting the number tags per piece media that goes into ong will also create more refined and accurate metadata analysis. incentivized social dashboard ong wants make easy effective with social media order maximize time and roi. creating tool that offers the user visual representation audience reception will make much easier for users cater their audiences, while making easier for the audience find specifically what they want access. there are some main principles for the planned roadmap that will make ong superior the data analysis products that are the market currently that will detailed future roadmaps. the current version the incentivized social dashboard already offers simplified process tie creative content user accounts with compensation automatically credited inside their wallet (ong bank). ong the only on-line dashboard that makes easier for people consume, create, manage and share social media with the ability properly rewarded for their contributions multiple social networks automatically. social for cause last, but definitely not least social for cause(tm) simple and automatic way for you support your favorite charitable organization directly from inside the wallet (ong bank). you only need select your charity, set the percentage give and automatically done for you! conclusion the social media network bio-sphere has revolutionized how humans interact with each other. the line between creator and consumer being increasingly blurred. ong.social believe that can offer the world tool that will take the field the next level without leaving the individual user behind. ong.social can platform that equalizes media, whether from the angle removing users from the restrictive algorithms that prevent them from appearing feeds, from the point view that the crowd will able have platform offer response the mainstream. the users are the driving force behind all media, whether traditional, social, future media. ong.social user oriented platform that wants give users the tools have their voices heard and reward all meaningful contributions made the community with cryptocurrency rewards. ong can the net between all social media that catches the good, and lets the negative media pass through. the core, this platform can fundamentally solve the problem getting rid what has been dubbed "fake news". ong can represent public reaction news while also offering forum through which the public can offer counter-points, then ong effectively has become the voice the people that shouts back media outlets and demands heard. the ong ico will allow for expansion adopt more social networks moving our technology into the blockchain create thoughtful, simple api's services that provide community members with exceptional value, control, decentralization, encryption, multiple cryptocurrency rewards and overall freedom. we're excited one the rare few companies that already have active platform with thousands active users prior issuing ico move into the blockchain. this increases the credibility and viability for the ong coin cryptocurrency. onename global, inc. the parent delaware corporation for ong.social and launched ong filed patent for our initial technology early patent:https://www.google.com/patents/us#classifications publication number ong coin ico will live at: https://ongcoin.io team bio's: ongcoin.io financial projections year references https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grand_unified_theory https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/theory_of_everything http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document//?reload=true http://web.mit.edu/redingtn/www/netadv/phhumtherm.html http://www.mdgadvertising.com/blog/the--types-of-social-clusters-on-twitter/ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_network http://www.pewinternet.org/files///examples-of--kinds-of-network-types-final.pdf http://www.nodexlgraphgallery.org/pages/default.aspx https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/graph_theory http://time.com//internet-trolls/ https://gephi.org/ https://cesiumjs.org/ https://github.com/idawave/lumira.viz-ext.dworld http://www.affinio.com/ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/perfect_bayesian_equilibrium https://www.inc.com/associated-press/youtube-ad-boycott-google-alphabet-biggestheadache.html https://maidsafe.net/safecoin.html https://storj.io/ https://www.bitgo.com/solutions https://mobilego.io pre-sale ico terms (until //) $-$k: discount, per ong-coin. month lock up. >$k: discount, per ong-coin. month lock up. after the ico launch decreasing discount rate schedule will used. see page "ong pricing". contact: success@ong.social onename global, inc. (ong) crowdsale: terms conditions the following terms and conditions ("terms") govern the sale ong-coin cryptographic tokens ("ong") crowdsale participants ("purchasers" collectively, and "purchaser" individually). this document describes the initial sale which the ong-coin token ("ong") sold. not solicitation for investment and does not pertain any way offering securities any jurisdiction. individuals, businesses, and other organizations should carefully weigh the risks, costs, and benefits acquiring ong early the initial sale versus waiting purchase ong open, thirdparty exchanges. important ownership ong carries rights express implied. purchases ong are non-refundable. participating the sale ong, you expressly acknowledge and represent that you have carefully reviewed the terms and fully understand the risks, costs, and benefits purchasing ong and agree bound these terms. set forth below, you further represent and warrant that, the extent permitted law, you are authorized purchase ong your relevant jurisdiction, are legal age bound these terms, and will not hold liable for any losses any special, incidental, consequential damages arising out of, any way connected the sale ong, now the future, onename global, inc. and its affiliates, and the officers, directors, agents, joint ventures, employees and suppliers onename global, inc. its affiliates. warning: not purchase ong you are not expert dealing with cryptographic tokens and blockchain-based software systems. purchases ong should undertaken only individuals, entities, companies that have significant experience with, and understanding of, the usage and intricacies cryptographic tokens, like bitcoin ("btc"), and blockchain based software systems. purchasers should have functional understanding storage and transmission mechanisms associated with other cryptographic tokens. while onename global, inc. will available assist purchasers ong during and after the sale, onename global, inc. will not responsible for lost btc ong resulting from actions taken by, omitted purchasers. note, particular, that ong purchasers should take great care write down their wallet password and not lose sure that they will able access their ong when becomes available after the initial sale. you not have such experience expertise, then you should not purchase ong participate the pre-sale ong. warning: cryptographic tokens may experience extreme price volatility. onename global, inc. tokens not represent any formal legally binding investment. cryptographic tokens that possess value public markets, such btc, have demonstrated extreme fluctuations price over short periods time regular basis. purchaser ong should prepared expect similar fluctuations, both down and up, the price ong denominated btc united states dollars ("usd") currencies other jurisdictions. such fluctuations are due market forces and represent changes the balance supply and demand. onename global, inc. cannot and does not guarantee market liquidity for ong and therefore there may periods time which ong difficult buy. additionally, due different regulatory dictates different jurisdictions and the inability citizens certain countries open accounts exchanges located anywhere the world, the liquidity ong may markedly different different countries and this would likely reflected significant price discrepancies. purchasing ong, you expressly acknowledge and represent that you fully understand that ong may experience volatility pricing and will not seek hold any the onename global, inc. parties liable for any losses any special, incidental, consequential damages arising from, any way connected to, the sale ong. warning: the purchase ong entails number risks. the purchase ong carries with number risks. prior purchasing ong, you should carefully consider the risks listed below and, the extent necessary, consult appropriate lawyer, accountant, tax professional. any the following risks are unacceptable you, you should not purchase ong. purchasing ong, and the extent permitted law, you are agreeing not hold any the onename global, inc. parties liable for any losses any special, incidental, consequential damages arising from, any way connected, the sale ong, including losses associated with the risks set forth below. terms and conditions overview initial sale ong the onename global, inc. foundation will produce quantity ong pre-sale event called the initial sale, conducted its web site https://ongcoin.io ("the initial sale"). the ong token crowdsale fund owned onename global, inc. purchasers the initial sale will acquire ong exchange for btc, waves, eth and usd the usd value each investment the time investment. purchasers ong the initial sale will granted user accounts the aforementioned website that will enable them claim their purchase the end the initial sale. all ong presold this manner will created the waves and ethereum networks after the end the initial sale, although there are guarantees that this will occur within given timeframe. ong purchased with btc, waves and usd will created the waves blockchain. ong purchased with eth will created the ethereum blockchain. onename global, inc. will allocate the purchased ong the corresponding user account the web site, delivering their control. creation ong ong will one the first couple crypto tokens simultaneously issued the waves platform and the ethereum platform. million ong will created the waves blockchain. further million ong will created the ethereum blockchain. using new technology comprised web interface, locked wallets and smart contracts the ethereum side, ong will dynamically interchangeable from one blockchain another the end user wishes. total million tokens will available, across both blockchains, any given time. the remaining million will remain locked. further ong will ever created. timing sale the initial sale will begin july th, the sale will run for days. onename global, inc. reserves the right change the date when the initial sale will begin and further reserves the right extend the sale duration for any reason, including the unavailability the website https://ongcoin.io other unforeseen security procedural issues. though does not currently anticipate doing so, onename global, inc. also reserves the right shorten the sale duration for any reason. ong pricing based the performance other recent blockchain project launches onename global, inc. management has determined that this initial sale shall partitioned and sold decreasing discount rates the sale proceeds. full details about these price points will provided timely manner purchasers the initial sale and will available the website the time purchase. disclosure purchases enable ong purchasers have much information possible guide their decision-making process, onename global, inc. will disclose real time the total funds collected the ong initial sale enable the purchaser develop understanding the size the existing onename global, inc. funding pool the time their ong purchase. purchase ong from the ongcoin.io website onename global, inc. will maintain store interface, which can used purchase ong. the store interface will available the onename global, inc. website (https://ongcoin.io). instructions for purchasing ong with btc and other cryptocurrencies using the store interface will embedded and available for review the onename global, inc. website during the duration the initial sale. failure follow these instructions may limit, delay, prevent purchaser from obtaining ong. any questions about these instructions should directed success@ong.social obligation determine purchaser can purchase ong purchaser's jurisdiction the initial sale constitutes the sale legal software product under united states law. this product sale conducted onename global, inc. company operating under united states law. the responsibility each potential purchaser ong determine the purchaser can legally purchase ong the purchaser's country jurisdiction. acceptance terms and conditions the onename global, inc. sale first step the purchase process, onename global, inc. will present the purchaser with these terms, and associated documents. placing order for ong, the purchaser: (i) consents and agrees the terms; (ii) represents and warrants that the purchaser legally permitted purchase ong the purchaser's jurisdiction; (iii) represents and warrants that the purchaser sufficient age legally purchase ong has received permission from legal guardian who has reviewed and agreed these terms; (iv) represents and warrants that the purchaser will take sole responsibility for any restrictions and risks associated with the purchase ong set forth below; and (v) represents and warrants that the purchaser has understanding the usage and intricacies cryptographic tokens, like btc, and blockchain-based software systems. independent confirmation purchases during the purchase process the www.ongcoin.io website, onename global, inc. will provide purchasers with unique intermediary cryptocurrency address. using this address, purchasers can track and confirm that the purchaser's cryptocurrency has been received that address and has been subsequently and automatically sent the escrow address. knowledge the unique intermediary address does not constitute purchase receipt indicate any way that any party possessing such knowledge has rights ownership the purchased ong. receipt ong and the purchase email part the purchase process, and order purchase ong, purchaser will need provide email address (the "purchase email"). the purchase email will used email the purchaser notice the creation the purchaser's account its website. purchasing ong, and the extent permitted applicable law, the purchaser agrees not hold any the onename global, inc. parties liable for any losses any special, incidental, consequential damages arising out of, any way connected to, purchaser's failure secure their account. ong will only available for sale the www.ongcoin.io website onename global, inc. will only sell ong through the onename global, inc. website, available www.ongcoin.io. the extent that any third-party website service offers ong for sale during the initial sale facilitates the sale transfer ong any way during the initial sale, such third-party websites services are not sanctioned onename global, inc. its affiliates and have relationship any way with the onename global, inc. parties. result, onename global, inc. prohibits the use these third-party websites services for the purchase ong prior the end the initial sale. fraudulent attempts double spend btc onename global, inc. will monitor all potential transactions for fraudulent attempts double spend btc. any detected double spend btc will result ong being delivered the associated purchaser. onename global, inc. will not purchase ong during initial sale onename global, inc. warrants that will not purchase ong its own sale. furthermore onename global, inc. warrants that will not purchase ong from any third party, acquire ong any manner, acquire future control ong, during the period the initial sale. certain risks associated with the purchase ong the purchase ong carries with significant risk. prior purchasing ong, the purchaser should carefully consider the below risks and, the extent necessary, consult lawyer, accountant, and/or tax professionals prior determining whether purchase ong. possible that the value btc will drop significantly the future, depriving onename global, inc. sufficient resources continue operate. ii. ong will stored wallet, which can only accessed with password selected the purchaser. purchaser ong does not maintain accurate record their password, this may lead the loss ong. result, purchasers must safely store their password one more backup locations that are well separated from the primary location. order access one's ong the password that the purchaser entered required; loss this may lead the loss purchaser's ong. iii. any third party that gains access the purchaser's purchase email may able gain access the purchaser's ong. the purchaser must take care not respond any inquiry regarding their purchase ong, including but not limited to, email requests purportedly coming from the onename global, inc. ongcoin.io website similar-looking domain. iv. cryptocurrencies have been the subject regulatory scrutiny various regulatory bodies around the globe. onename global, inc. could impacted one more regulatory inquiries regulatory action, which could impede limit the ability onename global, inc. continue develop the ong.social platform. possible that the ong.social platform will not used large number external businesses, individuals, and other organizations and that there will limited public interest the use the first incentivized social dashboard for the blockchain. such lack interest could impact the development the ong.social platform. onename global, inc. cannot predict the success its own marketing efforts the efforts other third parties. there guarantee revenues profits resulting from the marketing activities onename global, inc. vi. the purchaser recognizes that the ong.social platform currently under development and may undergo significant changes before the next release. the purchaser acknowledges that any expectations regarding the form and functionality the ong.social platform held the purchaser may not met upon release the ong.social platform, for any number reasons including change the design and implementation plans and execution the implementation the ong.social platform. vii. the purchaser understands that while the onename global, inc. team will make reasonable efforts complete the ong.social platform release, possible that official completed version the ong.social platform for the blockchain may not released and there may never operational ong.social platform. viii. hackers other groups organizations may attempt steal the btc and cryptocurrency revenue from the initial sale, thus potentially impacting the ability onename global, inc. foundation promote the ong.social platform. account for this risk, onename global, inc. has and will continue implement comprehensive security precautions safeguard the btc and cryptocurrency obtained from the sale ong. multi-factor security measures will taken protect cryptocurrency and ong including but not limited physical elements, multi-signature keys, splitting funds, hot/cold wallet partitioning and diversification. moreover, regular security audits hot and cold wallets will conducted internal and external teams. ix. advances code cracking, technical advances such the development quantum computers, could present risks cryptocurrencies and the ong.social platform, which could result the theft loss ong. the extent possible, onename global, inc. intends update the protocol underlying the ong.social platform account for any advances cryptography and incorporate additional security measures, but cannot predict the future cryptography the success any future security updates. with other cryptocurrencies, the ong.social platform susceptible mining attacks, including but not limited double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks, "selfish-mining" attacks, and race condition attacks. any successful attacks present risk the ong.social platform and expected proper payment operations. xi. the loss destruction private key onename global, inc. used access may irreversible. onename global, inc's loss access its private keys data loss relating onename global, inc. foundation could adversely affect the value ong.social's platform. xii. ong.social's blockchain platform new product, thus contributing price volatility that could adversely affect the value ong. the factors affecting the further development the digital assets industry, well the ong.social platform, include: continued worldwide growth the adoption and use ong and other digital assets; government and quasi-government regulation ong and other digital assets and their use, restrictions regulation access and operation the ong.social platform similar digital asset systems; the maintenance and development the software the ong.social platform; changes consumer demographics and public tastes and preferences; the availability and popularity other similar products; and general economic conditions and the regulatory environment relating the ong.social platform and digital assets. xiii. intellectual property rights claims may adversely affect the operation the ong.socail platform. third parties may assert intellectual property claims relating the holding and transfer digital assets and their source code. regardless the merit any intellectual property other legal action, any threatened action that reduces confidence the ong.social's platform long-term viability the ability end-users hold and transfer ong may adversely affect the value ong. additionally, meritorious intellectual property claim could prevent end-users from accessing the ong.social platform holding transferring their ong. xiv. cryptocurrency exchanges which ong may trade may relatively new and largely unregulated and may therefore more exposed fraud and failure than established, regulated exchanges for other products. the extent that the cryptocurrency exchanges representing substantial portion the volume ong trading are involved fraud experience security failures other operational issues, such cryptocurrency exchange failures may result reduction the price and can adversely affect the value ong. lack stability the cryptocurrency exchanges and the closure temporary shutdown cryptocurrency exchanges due fraud, business failure, hackers malware, government-mandated regulation may reduce confidence the ong.social platform and result greater volatility the price. xv. political economic crises may motivate large-scale sales ong, which could result reduction the price and adversely affect the value ong. digital assets such ong, which are relatively new, are subject supply and demand forces based upon the desirability alternative, decentralized means transacting, and unclear how such supply and demand will impacted geopolitical events. largescale sales ong would result reduction the price. xvi. possible that digital asset other than ong could have features that make more desirable material portion the digital asset user base, resulting reduction demand for ong, which could have negative impact the use and price ong. possible that comparable product could become materially popular due either perceived exposed shortcoming the ong.social platform that not immediately addressed the onename global, inc. team, perceived advantage comparable product that includes features not incorporated into the ong.social platform. this product obtains significant market share, could have negative impact the demand for, and price of, ong. xvii. ong transactions are irrevocable and stolen incorrectly transferred ong may irretrievable. result, any incorrectly executed ong transactions could adversely affect the value ong. cryptocurrency transactions are not, from administrative perspective, reversible without the consent and active participation the recipient the transaction or, theory, control consent majority the processing power the host blockchain platform. once transaction has been verified and recorded block that added the blockchain, incorrect transfer ong theft ong generally will not reversible and there may compensation for any such transfer theft. such loss could adversely affect the value ong. xviii. some ong tokens may issued the ethereum blockchain. such, any malfunction unexpected functioning the ethereum protocol may impact the purchaser's ability transfer securely hold ong. such impact could adversely affect the value ong. xix. some ong tokens may issued the waves platform. such, any malfunction unexpected functioning the waves platform may impact the purchaser's ability transfer securely hold ong. such impact could adversely affect the value ong. xx. possible that, due any number reasons, including without limitation the failure business relationships marketing strategies, that the ong.social platform and all subsequent marketing from the money raised from the same ong may fail achieve success. all purchases ong are non-refundable all purchases ong are final. purchases ong are non-refundable. purchasing ong, the purchaser acknowledges that neither onename global, inc. nor any other the onename global, inc. parties are required provide refund for any reason, and that the purchaser will not receive money other compensation for any ong that not used remains unused. taxation ong and taxation related the initial sale onename global, inc. makes representations concerning the tax implications the sale ong the possession use ong. the purchaser bears the sole responsibility determine the purchase ong with btc the potential appreciation depreciation the value ong over time has tax implications for the purchaser the purchaser's home jurisdiction. purchasing ong, and the extent permitted law, the purchaser agrees not hold any the onename global, inc. parties liable for any tax liability associated with arising from the purchase ong. privacy although onename global, inc. requires that purchasers provide email address, onename global, inc. will not publish any identifying information related ong purchases, without the prior written consent the purchaser. purchasers may contacted email onename global, inc. regarding purchase. such emails will informational only. onename global, inc. will not request any information from purchasers email. disclaimer warranties the purchaser expressly agrees that the purchaser purchasing ong the purchaser's sole risk and that ong provided "as is" basis without warranties any kind, either express implied, including, but not limited to, warranties title implied warranties, merchantability fitness for particular purpose (except only the extent prohibited under applicable law with any legally required warranty period the shorter thirty days from first use the minimum period required). without limiting the foregoing, none the onename global, inc. parties warrant that the process for purchasing ong will uninterrupted error-free. limitations waiver liability the purchaser acknowledges and agrees that, the fullest extent permitted any applicable law, the disclaimers liability contained herein apply any and all damages injury whatsoever caused related use of, inability use, ong the ong.social platform under any cause action whatsoever any kind any jurisdiction, including, without limitation, actions for breach warranty, breach contract tort (including negligence) and that none the onename global, inc. parties shall liable for any indirect, incidental, special, exemplary consequential damages, including for loss profits, goodwill data, any way whatsoever arising out the use of, inability use, purchase of, inability purchase, ong. the purchaser further specifically acknowledges that onename global, inc. parties are not liable for the conduct third parties, including other purchasers ong, and that the risk purchasing ong rests entirely with the purchaser. the extent permissible under applicable laws, under circumstances will any the onename global, inc. parties liable any purchaser for more than the amount the purchaser may have paid onename global, inc. for the purchase ong. some jurisdictions not allow the exclusion certain warranties the limitation exclusion liability for certain types damages. therefore, some the above limitations this section and elsewhere the terms may not apply purchaser. particular, nothing these terms shall affect the statutory rights any purchaser exclude injury arising from any wilful misconduct fraud onename global, inc. dispute resolution onename global, inc. and purchaser (the "parties") agree make good faith efforts resolve any dispute, controversy claim arising between them relating this pre-sale and their respective rights and obligations hereunder arising under this agreement "dispute"). the parties, their designated representatives, are unable resolve the dispute within ten business days after referral the matter them, the parties will submit the dispute for resolution pursuant paragraph this section. except with respect disputes concerning (i) the right either party apply court competent jurisdiction for interim interlocutory injunction other provisional remedy preserve the status quo prevent irreparable harm (ii) any disputes that may arise connection with breach party's obligations confidentiality hereunder, any dispute not resolved pursuant paragraphs and above, the parties will, acting reasonably, agree mutually the forum for resolution the dispute arbitration set out this section. after the completion the procedures set forth paragraph and agreement the parties enter into binding arbitration accordance with paragraph this section, either party may within thirty calendar days refer the dispute arbitration serving written notice its intention arbitrate the dispute the other party. the arbitration will conducted single arbitrator mutually agreed the parties within three business days following the date the referral the dispute arbitration. force majeure onename global, inc. not liable for failure perform solely caused by: unavoidable casualty, delays delivery materials, embargoes, government orders, acts civil military authorities, acts common carriers, emergency conditions (including weather conditions), any similar unforeseen event that renders performance commercially implausible. event force majeure occurs, the party injured the other's inability perform may elect suspend the agreement, whole part, for the duration the force majeure circumstances. the party experiencing the force majeure circumstances shall cooperate with and assist the injured party all reasonable ways minimize the impact force majeure the injured party. complete agreement these terms set forth the entire understanding between each purchaser and onename global, inc. with respect the purchase and sale ong. for facts relating the sale and purchase, the purchaser agrees rely only this document determining purchase decisions and understands that this document governs the sale ong and supersedes any public statements about the initial sale made third parties onename global, inc. individuals associated with any onename global, inc. parties, past and present and during the initial sale. there are warranties, representations, covenants, agreements, express implied, between the parties except those expressly set forth this agreement. this agreement may only amended written document duly executed the parties. severability the purchaser and onename global, inc. agree that any portion these terms found illegal unenforceable, whole part, such provision shall, such jurisdiction, ineffective solely the extent such determination invalidity unenforceability without affecting the validity enforceability thereof any other manner jurisdiction and without affecting the remaining provisions the terms, which shall continue full force and effect. waiver the failure onename global, inc. require enforce strict performance the purchaser any provision these terms onename global, inc failure exercise any right under these agreements shall not construed waiver relinquishment onename global, inc.'s right assert rely upon any such provision right that any other instance. the express waiver onename global, inc. any provision, condition, requirement these terms shall not constitute waiver any future obligation comply with such provision, condition requirement. except expressly and specifically set forth this these terms, representations, statements, consents, waivers, other acts omissions onename global, inc. shall deemed modification these terms nor legally binding, unless documented physical writing, hand signed the purchaser and duly appointed officer, employee, agent onename global, inc. updates the terms and conditions the ong initial sale onename global, inc. reserves the right, its sole discretion, change, modify, add, remove portions the terms any time during the sale posting the amended terms the onename global, inc. website (www.ongcoin.io). any purchaser will deemed have accepted such changes purchasing ong. the terms may not otherwise amended except signed writing executed both the purchaser and onename global, inc. for purposes this agreement, "writing" does not include e-mail message and signature does not include electronic signature. any point you not agree any portion the then-current version the terms, you should not purchase ong. cooperation with legal authorities onename global, inc. will cooperate with all law enforcement inquiries, subpoenas, requests provided they are fully supported and documented the law the relevant county jurisdictions. onename global, inc. will endeavor publish any legal inquiries upon receipt. for further information regarding the ong sale, please contact: success@ong.social