sophiatx whitepaper the blockchain for business date: author(s): jaroslav kacina, martyn harler, marian rajnic and team sophiatx disclaimer this document the property sophiatx, obcianske zdruzenie, with its registered seat rajska bratislava-stare mesto, the slovak republic, company id: registered with the register civil associations the ministry interior the slovak republic ("sophiatx"). all products and companies referenced this document are used for research and information purposes only and all referenced parties retain their respective intellectual property rights. contents abstract introduction about sophiatx and equidato technologies blockchain overview blockchain for business and space enterprise applications and blockchain challenges market and sap ecosystem solution and roadmap sophiatx blockchain- use cases use case one: one-to-one document exchange invoice customer market situation traceability solution use case two: multi-party information exchange market situation solution use case three: collaboration across entire value chains track and trace pharma challenges pharmaceutical supply chains counterfeit products compliance traceability and recalls how blockchain can address these key challenges supply chain process model supply chain pharma industry (figure technology and architecture overview sequence diagrams user authentication and authorisation application build and deploy transaction sent sophiatx blockchain from erp crm system transaction sent erp crm system from sophiatx blockchain user services certified backup authority user services sophiatx browser authentication engine logic engine encryption process description for encryption triggered users process description for decryption triggered users testing and publishing engine data store and analytics engine marketplace app store dev store application library blockchain sophiatx token and its usage go-to-market strategy and driving successful adoption defining the sophiatx blockchain approach and learning from other blockchains glossary references and sources abstract there lot enthusiasm the technology community about the recent advances blockchain use-cases which reach far beyond the financial industry. one area which offers significant value the use blockchain company's operational and management processes. effectively all companies run these operational processes enterprise resource planning software (erp) which often includes variety modules such accounting, controlling, procurement, logistics, warehousing, manufacturing, project management, quality management, and sales and distribution. advance blockchain into business operations, the blockchain must integrate with erp and other enterprise applications such sap. example, the world's transaction revenue touches sap systems. this sector has been relatively untouched until recently when sophiatx announced their first project open source blockchain platform and marketplace designed for businesses all sizes ("sophiatx blockchain"). sophiatx blockchain the first platform focusing integrating blockchain with sap and other major erp, crm, and scm systems aiming expand the possibilities enterprise applications with the trust and security that comes with blockchain technology. the sophiatx blockchain can thought three components: blockchain designed and built specifically for business environment, development platform with integration apis sap and other enterprise applications, and marketplace for both industrial companies and global community experts, consultants, and developers buy and sell apps. sophiatx blockchain public blockchain platform with focus use businesses all sizes, i.e. from large global enterprises small local businesses and eventually end consumers. allows for businesses join and participate across the entire value chain, enabling sophiatx blockchain the best possible drive for global adoption. this choice, over the alternative private blockchain, supports the goal creating truly holistic collaboration. the flexible and scalable solution will serve the foundation for new applications with specialized processes and modules for companies where peer peer architecture and decentralization desired and beneficial. the adoption the sophiatx blockchain supported marketplace which includes process flows, use case designs, apis and common building blocks, specifically developed for widely-used erp and crm systems and other business applications. the inter-connectivity with respective apis reinforced the blockchain network. the sophiatx blockchain fuelled the sophiatx token (sphtx) which used cover mining and transaction fees, allowing access and subscription the development platform, marketplace, and in-app purchases. designed for trading assets micro-assets and services, know how, process maps and blueprints, integration, and professional consulting services enable accelerated adoption and use. https://www.sap.com/corporate/en/documents///ecdd-bc--c-edaaffa.html sophiatx will hold token generation event (tge) later this year where the general public can the first obtain the sphtx before its release any major exchanges. chance for supporters the project directly involved. the token will used the marketplace for wide range engagements. the funding accrued from the tge will directly the development, marketing and ongoing management the project and overall platform. token owners can feel confident knowing that behind this project excellent team backed stellar experience and know-how blockchain and business application integration ("sophiatx team"). technology veterans and pioneers the area blockchain, the sophiatx team well positioned lead this space. the sophiatx team's ambition become the principal platform for blockchain adoption businesses all sizes. introduction businesses today face number challenges. amongst them the issue trust information exchange with other parties' and their respective agreements. the blockchain provides new capabilities with transparent, peer peer information exchange and establishes common ground disputable areas. such information exchanges are limited scope, fulfilled complex and expensive middleware interfacing products and not yet open true peer peer transparency and trust. the sophiatx blockchain, aimed such peer peer information exchanges, provides comprehensive set tools allowing developers build and publish applications which utilise the power the blockchain and distributed data integrated with erp and crm solutions. developers publish apps the marketplace, which are accessible both businesses and the end user community who purchase applications that integrate with their systems. developers earn revenue from apps which are downloaded and deployed. about sophiatx and equidato technologies sophiatx civil association aiming expand the possibilities enterprise applications with the trust and security that comes with blockchain technology and launch the world's first open source blockchain platform primarily integrate blockchain technology with enterprise applications. order secure the development respective software, sophiatx will engage equidato technologies ag, any its affiliates other developers. equidato technologies company focused the integration blockchain with enterprise applications, such sap, iot sensors, smart printing, and other advanced technologies forming the 'industries the future' eco-system. blockchain overview blockchain continuous list transactions which are being recorded into blocks. they are linked and secured using cryptography. blockchain serves distributed ledger that can efficiently record transactions between two parties and store them immutable manner. this means that given block cannot altered retroactively without the alteration all blocks that have followed. this creates chain blocks which are secure design and all transactions written inside them are irreversible. storing data across its network, blockchain eliminates risks that come with data being held centrally. every node miner has copy the blockchain which ensures data quality massive database replication and computational trust. since the time publication many variations and improvements have been developed. number existing blockchains proves that this technology has great potential. nowadays, blockchain technology can found wide range applications across many industries. blockchain types: public: anonymous, public 'open' access info, trust mutual transparency decentralized distributed peer peer network system private: permissioned knowing identity participants requirement for "proof work" business networks smaller closed systems lower costs and faster speeds consortium: hybrid between the 'open access' provided public blockchains and the 'centralised-trusted entity' model private blockchains https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blockchain https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf blockchain for business and space enterprise applications and blockchain many erp vendors and technology companies are investigating the usage blockchain multitude different areas. the approach offered often takes them either private consortium based approaches which not cater open holistic collaboration across industries and value chains. the approach sophiatx offers true and open public blockchain, which significantly more advantageous addressing the entire value chain allowing businesses all sizes participate and collaborate. sophiatx blochchain provides flexibility and allows accelerated adoption end users via standardized building blocks, process flows and use case designs. the overall adoption enabled establishing well-managed ecosystem players including technology partners, erp consultants, and blockchain engineers well internal company leaders who are responsible for adoption innovative technologies. the sophiatx blockchain provides various learning, development, and deployment tools for the entire community including: use case design, process flows, business scenarios integrated development environment (sdk and api) advanced encryption capabilities for protecting information held party end-to-end solution builder for business with requirement understand the inner workings blockchain the sophiatx blockchain and suite tools combined with meets-ups, trainings, and learning programs are designed bring the blockchain community closer the business space and vice versa. the sophiatx team has been established with overarching objective having the right mixture competencies technology enabled business transformation, enterprise applications and blockchain technology. challenges benefit from blockchain innovations across various industries, our belief that the end customer must recognize and address the following challenges blockchain technology for their business: applicability and use cases for blockchain technology data privacy, security and resilience impact and benefits business processes and operations compliance and regulations processing speed system availability data archival and retention compatibility and connectivity enterprise applications sap, leading erp software, fully compliant with regulations and business use, and thus any blockchain integration and extensions which connect must also provide the same compliance and features. the main challenge integrating enterprise applications with blockchain ensuring the privacy and encryption private information such way that only available the parties intended see it. the next challenge provide platform and its respective building blocks that the system integrators and developers are able build and deploy their own applications without extensive programming, leading reduction time market and eventual faster adoption sophiatx blockchain. believe that current blockchains such ethereum, bitcoin and others not provide sufficient privacy, speed, and features that are required for mainstream adoption businesses. the blockchain market for businesses, focused industrial use and not fintech, vast, and presents significant market opportunities presented the section market and sap ecosystem. however, building system which complies business and legal regulations, comprehensive allowing different use cases, and simple use both from the developer and end-user perspective, requires careful consideration. that the main reason why sophiatx has developed the technology roadmap presented later sections. market and sap ecosystem trend and market opportunity (figure prior describing sap, important highlight that sophiatx blochchain will allow integration all erps and enterprise applications with sophiatx blockchain, however initial stages focus sap major player the segment and wouldn't consider being successful until integration with sap place. parallel integration all other major applications will addressed required. now back sap, the world's largest provider and market leader erp business application software serving more than customers countries. sap customers include: the forbes global companies the most valued brands dow jones top scoring sustainability companies its customers are smes sap customers produce: the world's food the world's medical devices the world's transaction revenue touches sap system https://www.sap.com/documents///ae-dc--c-edaaffa.html https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wg-kqzhol https://www.sap.com/corporate/en/company.html#overview sap's position the market: sap leading the market in: applications analytics mobility solutions innovation business applications fastest growing database vendor (sap hana in-memory database) broadest portfolio modular and suite solutions available premise, the cloud and hybrid: customers have full choice consumption model. large amount software and consulting partners including large number consultants, developers, and advisory experts solution and roadmap the current blockchain technologies are not suitable for mainstream adoption businesses highlighted the previous section. therefore, the key success for blockchain technology have specific features required businesses. for example, data privacy and encryption must strengthened, while processing speed increased. also document retention, auditability and overall compliance must addressed. the analysis, which equidato technologies conducted throughout summer has provided key input the development the roadmap, which incorporates features ensuring the sophiatx blockchain compliant and suitable for business. also, important design this stage 'mission non-critical' system that fully acceptable enterprise risk and audit bodies. the following roadmap illustrates the most important features and timeline for building business suitable blockchain and respective applications: sophiatx blockchain and solution roadmap (figure the roadmap outlines the high-level initiatives and provides indicative timeframe for the delivery and readiness the sophiatx blockchain. sophiatx blockchain- use cases sophiatx blockchain enables large number use cases combined with individual variations across industries and segments. our initial efforts went through all standard modules erp (sap) including finance, controlling, procurement and logistics, sales and distribution, manufacturing, project management and others, and have detailed more than uses cases. this effort was followed identifying more than various business documents applicable for blockchain use. what became evident was that order adopt blockchain into enterprise applications space must take approach building platform which provides for common building blocks for use cases across all modules erp, scm, and crm systems. categorize our findings, have identified that there are three basic categories use cases for sophiatx blockchain: use case one: one-to-one document exchange this use case representative sending business document over blockchain such way that both the sending and receiving party properly acknowledge the transaction. this case applicable documents such invoices, purchase orders, delivery notices, quality inspections, timesheets, work orders and others. use case two: multi-party information exchange this use case primarily applicable where collaboration multiple parties required with objectives common and well aligned goal. the use blockchain allows transparent and efficient exchange information and the same time provides the transparency required for fair and trusted award bonuses and penalties related overall performance. this case good example collaboration multiple vendors project, where blockchain used synchronize delivery dates all project deliveries and overall schedule. another example collective maintenance effort power station outage where parties involved synchronize work schedules and share rewards for outcome. use case three: multi-party collaboration across value chain track and trace the most complex and yet most valuable cases address the entire value chain. such instances information travels from the beginning the end that allows full transparency from the manufacturer the end consumer. for instance, this comprises track and trace for pharmaceuticals, food, luxury goods and countless applications. addition such obvious cases also allows track and trace industrial products, spare parts, extended warranties and certification for installed equipment all manufacturers' rules are respected and enforced. based our initial analysis, these cases are highly desired current businesses protect their installed equipment and assets. use case one: one-to-one document exchange invoice customer market situation today's market, companies are evermore challenged and required exchange information help support and keep their businesses operational. although erp systems such sap are available they are mainly very insular without interfaces their customers and vendors systems. data such invoices requires third parties (mailing companies) integration and usage complex technologies for the delivery such documents. the european e-invoicing service providers association (eespa) reported significant growth and over billion processed einvoices traditional e-invoicing cumbersome adoption, relatively expensive implement, rather limited selected type document and peer-to-peer. this where blockchain technology offers faster adoption and true, peer-to-peer information exchange relatively unlimited types documentation. traceability the use blockchain technology provides secure and provable mechanism for the transfer the invoice information the end customer. the information can read directly the erp without the need for additional third-party system integration. the use blockchain provides guaranteed and provable method delivery, dispute situation there can argument that the invoice was not sent the transaction information stored the blockchain and can retained proof. solution the following solution description invoicing document, however the same principles and design are applicable for variety other business documents such purchase orders, delivery notifications and others: sophiatx blockchain will provide solution for customers allowing them send key information related sales invoice via the blockchain the end customer for agreement and approval. the solution will allow the end customer generate purchase invoice directly from the information which has been sent. the vendor will issue the invoice directly within the erp the blockchain with the following information example: https://eespa.eu/eespa-aggregated--volume-survey/ invoice no. purchase ref. no. line items item ref. no. description quantity unit price tax line total issue date due date down payment deduction payment terms document total vendor name vendor address ensure integrity, authenticity, originality and confidentiality the document, encrypted the publisher (vendor) using the sophiatx sdk. the essential data related document are then sent the blockchain verified and sent the receiver (customer). once the transaction verified blockchain, the platform will send the message the client system for processing. the data sent the client system from sophiatx blockchain encrypted and must decrypted into readable format using the sophiatx sdk. specified system user will notified that sophiatx transaction has been received their system. within the erp the user will able view the information which has been received. when the invoice information has been received the customer, the vendor will receive notification that the transaction complete and the customer has received the invoice information. the customer will able view the invoice information and can confirm the agreement the contract. the customer will able automatically generate purchase invoice from the received invoice information based delivery purchase order which already exists the system relating the purchase. use case two: multi-party information exchange market situation today's market, businesses various sizes within industries such engineering, construction, and mro services face many challenges when working collaboratively. the boom technology the past years has seen increase more complex and technologically advanced solutions being sold the end customer, requiring more robust collaboration among third party suppliers involved during the delivery such projects. today's customer expects value for money the early stages business relations. the rfp (request for proposal) process area which sophiatx blockchain will address providing the trust levels between parties. during the rfq (request for quotation) process not only relevant select the correct partner but the same time also drive the cost project. with many companies providing complex projects using emerging technologies more parties are involved the delivery, which turn increases the risk delivering time and within budget. traditional methods such team meetings and collaborative project plans not provide the necessary security means for the main supplier, proof for acceptance work delivered missing. the blockchain offers very effective solution for collaborative acceptance schedules and proof deliveries within the given timeframe. blockchain the enabler for true working collaboration providing complete transparency, allowing project managers and controllers track the progress and completion project milestones which return can shared within the many involved parties. blockchain and its peer peer technology provides the evidence that tasks were agreed upon case dispute between parties. solution the following solution description project scheduling, however the same principles and design will applied variety other collaboration cases which will released later stage. sophiatx will provide solution for customers allowing them share the project schedule data relevant the individual party. the information which relevant for information sharing with all the parties: work breakdown structure start date completion date baseline date/s delivery responsible delivery milestones scheduling man hours component deliverables support and maintenance schedule scheduling status delivery status every deliverable whether time and material support and maintenance will shared with the parties for clarification validation completion. when project initially created, the list relevant scheduled tasks will sent via the sophiatx blockchain the party for validation. the parties will validate the information provided and agree the schedule works completed. within sap, list tasks including start date, deliverable dates, etc will provided and notifications created for deliverable deadlines. the sophiatx blockchain will keep the original track schedules, including updates and further scheduling revisions. such transparency and synchronization allows for effective deliveries and cost savings resulting from elimination waiting times, more efficient use labour and low financing costs. collaboration tool this effect can applied across variety industries and business scenarios. use case three: collaboration across entire value chains track and trace pharma challenges pharmaceutical supply chains the pharmaceutical ecosystem evolves rapidly new, advanced technologies are being introduced and quickly adopted industry players. evolution and simplification processes enable and accelerate the entire pharmaceutical landscape. the overall landscape from when raw materials are being supplied manufacturer and the moment where the final pharmaceutical product being sold the patient very complex terms collaborating parties, manufacturing, quality assurance including the shipment processes involved, anticipated risks and other influencing factors. with well-known facts such the growing and aging population, new diseases being discovered, and people with inborn health conditions the pharmaceutical industry challenged address those trends safe and efficient and the ways. the pharmaceutical industry operating highly competitive market. market share, turnover volume, and r&d spends are being challenged smaller companies levering their fast and lean processes top overhaul the larger competition. nonetheless all the drug manufacturers face common issues which cannot resolved solely within centralized and isolated system. counterfeit products the pharmaceutical industry its own very profitable business. increased demand, supply shortage and other market factors open doors non-authentic drug manufacturers, issue observable both branded and generic products. counterfeit drugs products marketed with intent deceive: counterfeit active bulk ingredients, counterfeit finished products, unregulated diverted products, counterfeit labelling, mislabelled substances (e.g., generic antibiotics) pharmaceutical production represents one the most regulated sectors the global economy. counterfeits can made relatively cheaply and many countries, especially the developing world, lack adequate measurement and oversight regulations and enforcement the law. especially non-branded generics are very widely counterfeited (e.g., ampicillin paracetamol). customers are lacking information when buying product and patients often have rely doctors and pharmacists while advised about prescribed drug and the consequent purchase. counterfeiting can looked from two angles: threat public health and overall number deaths caused impact the pharmaceutical companies' revenues according the ito (international trade organisation) and other research, the global drug counterfeit market valued between usd billion usd billion, both developed and developing countries. recent global research projecting the worldwide pharmaceutical market grow from around trillion trillion the unwanted consequence the market that counterfeits will grow alongside the growing market. compliance pharmaceutical companies are often accountable store, distribute ship drugs. however, thanks outsourcing, accountability usually passed specialized logistics companies. storage and transportation conditions such temperature, humidity even air pressure are crucial factors whilst ensuring the appropriate drug handling the manufactures across the entire supply chain. for temperature sensitive products such vaccines, deviations outside specified temperature range may jeopardize and damage the quality particular product the entire shipment. temperature excursion deviation from the given temperature range. the world health organisation (who) guidance defines excursion event which time temperature sensitive pharmaceutical product (ttspp) exposed temperatures outside the range prescribed for storage and transport handling. the digital era, temperature excursions are often monitored and recorded iot other smart devices helping the transportation companies address these failures. temperature excursions during transport are not rare events. according information obtained from various sources, exceptions happen frequency all transport events. this places transportation one the least reliable processes the entire supply chain. what makes temperature excursions difficult handle that there often visibility predicting the next condition that the product will exposed to. natural disasters human-related events could interrupt the transport route any given time. deviation such temperature excursion product damage has occurred during transportation, this should reported the distributor and recipient the affected medicinal products, which not always the case due various reasons. https://www.trade.gov/topmarkets/pdf/pharmaceuticals_executive_summary.pdf http://www.who.int/medicines/areas/quality_safety/quality_assurance/modelguidanceforstoragetransporttrsannex.pdf; chapter: glossary http://www.pharmoutsourcing.com/featured-articles/-handling-temperature-excursions-and-therole-of-stability-data traceability and recalls drug traceability and recalls are one the biggest challenges the supply chain multiple partners are involved. partners operate transactional basis, for example orders, shipment notices, invoices. most the time these transactions are taking place between two partners. track trace pharmaceutical product, supply chain partners must either push the transaction from one partner another connect with other trading partners access the corresponding data. for example, november all prescription drugs the u.s. will required have serialisation code each individual unit. other words, shipping products without national drug code (ndc), serial number, lot number expiration date will prohibited. this information has readable format for both machines and humans. however, the serialization, data exchange and verification process adoption will take time and effort. considering the information systems: complexity number transactions processed diversity technology platforms used data mapping across the supply chain security requirements these factors represent major challenges addressed with regards tracking and tracing. how blockchain can address these key challenges the case study presents the use the distributed ledger technology (blockchain) combination with market leading enterprise systems such sap. well-known fact that sap software products are widely used across the pharma industry. the top prescription drugs are produced sap customers leveraging sap software products across their sourcing, manufacturing and supply chain processes (sap customer fact sheet). according igeahub pharmaceutical club, these top drugs are manufactured companies and account for total the global prescription drug market the total revenue generated these products was estimated usd billion. integrating blockchain and sap will allow pharmaceutical companies write their products into blockchain directly from their sap systems and prove their authenticity. propose the following information added the sophiatx blockchain example: iot and other smart devices https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wg-kqzhol https://igeahub.com////top--drugs-in-the-world-/ temperature exception humidity level change pressure level change and other manufactured drug drug name serialisation number batch number national drug code (us only) lot number expiration date and other shipping details route date loading expected delivery date start destination end destination and other providing the product authenticity the sophiatx blockchain enables pharmaceutical companies address counterfeit issues, helping decrease the number counterfeits the market, and consequently eliminating adverse effects the end user. logistics and distribution companies use various backbone systems collect the data from multitude sources. the most innovative companies have installed iot and other smart devices their fleets, collecting temperature, humidity and air pressure data help increase their competitiveness. this data, including all deviations from the parameters can easily transmitted sophiatx blockchain for each particular drug, lot shipment, and verified against the instructions provided the manufacturer while handling and transporting the product. resellers such hospitals and pharmacies can easily verify the trustworthiness information published shared distribution companies. sophiatx blockchain can also help address traceability and tracking challenges each individual product, with its serial number other identifiers when written into the sophiatx blockchain and shared with all parties across the entire supply chain. supply chain process model supply chain pharma industry (figure pharmaceutical manufacturers write ingredients (bill materials), serial and batch numbers and other regulatory data required into sophiatx blockchain distributors write tracking id, status, tracking info and other important data transportation companies and warehouses with their iot sensors confirm the compliant conditions, temperature exceptions other regulator manufacturer given conditions hospitals, clinics and pharmacies while taking over the drug can prove all product related information are true patients can verify the shipment and prove the authenticity, and shipment conditions throughout the entire lifecycle. technology and architecture overview sophia platform technology and architecture (figure sophiatx blockchain for based distributed server technology and will integrate the following components which are described detail the following chapters. marketplace including application store authentication engine sophia sdk test and publishing engine application library logic engine event handler data store and analytics engine user data store blockchain this architecture being designed ensure compliance with established international standards, guidelines, and legislation regarding data protection, privacy and security. the responsibility the developer implement their solution that data encrypted before sent the sophiatx blockchain. only the customer will have access their own private key, well know the public key their customers vendors. therefore, all encryption has handled the client application. part the api, sophiatx blockchain will provide the methods allowing developer encrypt and decrypt the data package, such way that the same implementation can used without having code encryption decryption methods each time application written. the sophiatx blockchain not designed for high throughput low latency and does not scale. therefore, sophiatx provides decentralized data backbone, which provides data store for the information which cannot passed through the sophiatx blockchain. sequence diagrams the following diagrams show the high-level interactions between the different engines. user authentication and authorisation user authorised system (figure) application build and deploy developer builds and deploys application (figure transaction sent sophiatx blockchain from erp crm system erp sends message sophiatx blockchain (figure transaction sent erp crm system from sophiatx blockchain message received from sophiatx blockchain (figure user services certified backup authority optional certified backup authority will available customers who wish store copy their sensitive user data off-site. user services the user services will store and manage all user data, comprising the following information: user access details (username, password) user private details (contact, address etc.) private key app license information user ssl certificate list secret keys with transid sophiatx browser browser based solution will provided which can embedded into the crm erp and available the marketplace for the customer view their live transaction information being processed the sophiatx blockchain. when the window open inside the erp crm system the user will see the data transaction real-time. when user accesses the view via the marketplace they will able select date range view transactions which have taken place within the selected timeframe. authentication engine the authentication engine handles all the authentication and authorisation the marketplace and the authorisation from applications which have been purchased and installed the external system (erp crm). the authorisation roles will grant privileges use the different functionalities and applications, and access modules sophiatx blockchain. the erp crm system will use vpn tunnelling, creating secure access point the sophiatx blockchain. whenever transaction message sent the sophiatx blockchain the authentication engine will request information from the user data store verify the endpoint. the endpoint cannot validated the transaction will not processed further. the authentication engine resides the de-militarized zone (dmz) and uses encrypted proprietary messaging protocol access the party private blockchain and the user data store. the authentication engine will allow deny the access based the outcome authentication. when unauthorised application user denied, the address will blocked the system and further requests from the address will denied. the authentication engine will expose messaging and event layer which the entry point into the system for external systems such sap. access the sophiatx blockchain can also direct, without the need validated the authentication engine. logic engine all transactional and business logic which necessary deploy into the blockchain will provided the logic engine. the logic engine interacts with the data store hold sensitive information which cannot placed the blockchain. the sophiatx transactions submitted the blockchain will have the following encrypted information embedded: transid (reference data stored data source) hashofdata shared key (used decrypt the data) encryption the sophiatx sdk contains encryption functions which allow the developers encrypt and decrypt data packets before they are being sent received from sophiatx blockchain. there will different encryption types available the future, the sdk develops. process description for encryption triggered users sophiatx blochchain will provide library functions which can called developer. the encryption method will the following: symmetric aes encryption based the data, with secret key generated client application symmetric encryption which includes sha hash, aes secret key and link data, encrypted with shared secret key. the shared secret key based shared secret, built with the sender's private key and the receiver's public key and the sender's public key and the receiver's private key. encryption process (figure process description for decryption triggered users calling the api dll decrypt will use the shared secret key decrypt the transaction data. the secret key, hash and link data are now available the user. using the secret key that systemically encrypts data can used for the decryption data records the application the hash function the decrypted data compare with the original hash thus ensuring that the data has not been modified. decryption process (figure testing and publishing engine the development platform provides private regression and testing environment, based the same setup the production blockchain, but available only the developer/s within one organisation. when developer satisfied that their application ready they must first test their application the testing environment. once fully tested, the application should submitted the automated testing system which will test and provide the pass failure results. when the testing process provides pass result, the application will approved and certified for use the sophiatx blockchain and the developer will provided with the license key which the identifier their application. the license key used later track purchases and usage the application. data store and analytics engine the data store holds the encrypted transactional information and documents which are too sensitive place onto the blockchain. the data store will comply with the company's local legal requirements for data capture and storage and will utilise the sap hana database technology, with the encrypted data being stored using multi-container, multi-tenant approach. sophiatx blockchain will provide eclipse (java based integrated development environment) plugin and the user will required enter their user details (username, password) and private key; once verified, clone their encrypted data will decrypted and provided. the user can use the calculation and analytical features build views which can then accessed within their own sap environment. users will able embed their information into the sap user experience fiori style dashboards cockpits. for auditing purposes, sophiatx blockchain going provide offline tool which only the end customer can access, allowing them decrypt the raw data (read only) that auditor can review the data being held the sophiatx blockchain. additional datastore technologies are being looked into, order provide complementary technologies suit end customer requirements. https://www.eclipse.org/ marketplace the marketplace web based solution and entry point for customers and solution developers and contains two primary areas app store and dev store (as per figure customers will able view and purchase applications developed for sophiatx blockchain, while developers are given the option download the api and submit their own applications for testing prior the release the app store. published application going contain unique license key used within the blockchain method remuneration for the developer. all customer and developer data the store encrypted and saved resilient off-site repository. app store the app store, embedded the marketplace, going provide catalogue applications which have been developed and certified the various solution integrators and developers. customers can download and install application into their erp system which will synchronise with the sophiatx blockchain and utilise the blockchain functionality. dev store the development store, another integral part the marketplace, integrates the testing environment and allows developers test their application within private testchain. all applications will undergo rigorous testing before being placed the app store. the license key only provided the developer once the testing for certification has successfully been completed. the dev store provides developers with the tools necessary integrate with the sophiatx blockchain. sophiatx blockchain will provide java and .net based interface for development integration. application library applications developed external and sophiatx blockchain developers are stored the application library once they have passed the certification process. the application library linked the marketplace app store where the end customer will able view the details the application, and will able purchase and install the application their system. the application store will hold the following details for each application: application name application description application sphtx value application logic for download and install other information relevant for categorization, industry, business scenario and usage blockchain transactions will stored encrypted format the public sophiatx blockchain. new independent platform differentiating from already existing blockchains like ethereum, chain core, hyperledger and others. starting point based the decent design and protocol which utilizes delegated proof stake (dpos). subsequently all features required and suitable for business applications will developed per the roadmap. dpos known the fastest, most efficient, most decentralized and most flexible consensus model. the high transaction rate (the number transactions per second) dpos allows handling and processing large volumes transactions generated sophiatx blockchain users. the main attribute dpos that stakeholders have the right elect miners democratic manner. every stakeholder able vote and express their opinion about who should responsible for block generation. candidates with the highest number votes are elected and have the right generate new blocks and fill them with unprocessed transactions. the number active miners limited, but anybody can apply miner. elected miners are paid for their willingness, services verifying transactions, and contribution the network. requires mentioning that irresponsible and untrustworthy miner can voted off and replaced new miner. dpos, chain parameters (for example block interval and size, maximum number miners, transaction fees) are not fixed. miners may propose changes the parameters, and approved the majority miners, changes are accepted. the contract stores necessary data for both the vendor and customers and will stored the blockchain. sensitive and confidential data will securely encrypted shared secret that only the vendor and consumer can decrypt it. unencrypted data will publicly available. provide privacy and security business transactions, the sdk allows for all selected data encrypted, for example with hash (sha), and signed with the issuer's private key. this signature appended the transaction. every attempt modify transaction will lead different hash and subsequently different signature, indicating that the original transaction has been modified someone else. such attempts are automatically recognized the sophiatx blockchain and rejected invalid. consequently, every transaction the sophiatx blockchain immutable, irreversible, and protected against any attempt tamper with it. sophiatx blockchain will provide private blockchain end customers who request such solution, which will enabled sphtx. https://docs.decent.ch/wikidecent/decent/technical/ http://docs.bitshares.eu/_downloads/bitshares-general.pdf; part distributed consensus mechanism sophiatx token and its usage once the sophiatx blockchain fully launched, will utilize its own proprietary token sphtx. sphtx will have multiple uses the blockchain, within the marketplace and will also included utility token many decentralised applications (dapps): transaction fee and reward for miners validating transactions and blocks the blockchain subscription access rights the sophiatx blockchain reward allocation for buying and selling assets the marketplace (app store and dev store) reward for the developers when end customer installs and uses sophiatx application (dapp license) transaction and data storage fee for document file server licensing for private blockchain go-to-market strategy and driving successful adoption sophiatx has been started with the full intention creating commercially viable product and platform. there are many factors impacting the overall success, however, have clearly understood the need for business viable product and subsequent need for driving adoption and widespread use. the sophiatx market strategy based the following principles: sophiatx blockchain must suitable for business from functionality, security, and compliance perspective use cases enabled the sophiatx blockchain must have positive business case and must add significant value the business and entire ecosystem e.g. increase revenue, customer trust and satisfaction, elimination waste, reduction time, cost savings the sophiatx blockchain must easy integrate with enterprise applications such sap, oracle, salesforce, microsoft dynamics, and many more the community business and system consultants must engaged, knowledgeable, supportive and skilled the adoption sophiatx blockchain end customers must knowledgeable and actively engaged our go-to market strategy has considered all key and relevant players the ecosystem regardless whether they are influencers have direct control over decisions and delivery. the following diagram illustrates such groups stakeholders which must knowledgeable and actively supportive for successful adoption. sophiatx ecosystem consultants, partners, and clients (figure example, there are over partners within the sap partner network, and the sap expert community has over million registered members. such target groups provide sizeable opportunity for building innovative dapps sophiatx blockchain, driving its adoption and usage. drive early adoption companies, several innovation programs have been established. the partnership programs not only support direct innovation clients but also allow for technology and consulting partners join sophiatx blockchain and directly benefit from the adoption either building dapps providing technology services. the following table describes programs that have developed for industrial clients all sizes and consulting and delivery partners. early adoption programmes for clients and partners (figure addition clients and consulting partner programs described above, there intent introduce 'technology partner' program primarily focused those companies that will provide complementary products and services. those programs will defined detail the early stages https://www.sap.com/corporate/en/documents///ecdd-bc--c-edaaffa.html https://www.berater-wiki.de/scn_(sap_community_network) defining the sophiatx blockchain approach and learning from other blockchains prior defining the strategy and approach for sophiatx blockchain, have assessed the technological capabilities other blockchains ensure can truly add value and define product that will not only suitable for business but also provide superior functionality and features. have scanned many blockchains however very few are focused business and enterprise applications. have considered the following blockchains and here are key findings: ethereum despite the fact this one the most dominant platforms currently use for ico/tge and many other uses, have concluded that using ethereum for integration with business applications has its limitations. possible use ethereum for some selective business contracts and transactions, however, providing holistic high performance blockchain, our view, would not attainable, partly due the use proof-of-work (pow). also, required that business suitable blockchain must have certain level privacy and encryption currently not used ethereum. sap blockchain-as-a-service the sap company has introduced very compelling offering under its sap leonardo innovation effort. sap's blockchain approach baas (blockchain-as-a-service) suitable for large and midsize organizations seeking rather private and consortium based setup. having said that, opening wider public participants may prove challenging and less trusted typical blockchain advocates. our view baas coming short being truly inclusive all participants across value chains, does not provide sufficient transparency, and has tendency relatively more expensive. hyperledger hyperledger, hosted the linux foundation, open source collaboration project developing many building blocks for business blockchains with outstanding line participants. some the most valuable research coming from the initiative. from the industrial company perspective, required that service provider comes with ready use solution suitable for business and such offerings are still not available. most the participants have plans that are similar private blockchain offerings, which again are mostly targeted large scale and mid-size organizations. this mostly consistent with the consulting and provider business models. the case sophiatx blockchain, similar premier members, hyperledger provides valuable input and collaboration, however taking the end product market directly the hands sophiatx team. https://ethereum.org https://www.sap.com/products/leonardo.html https://www.sap.com/products/leonardo/blockchain.html https://hyperledger.org other industry specific blockchains without naming individual projects, there are number initiatives focused creating industry specific blockchain solutions. very often they integrate not only blockchain but also iot sensors and other technologies required the business. our solution also integrates with iot, automation and other technologies, however contrast the industry specific approach, have adopted platform approach with cross industry capabilities. this allows companies and its partners establish holistic and open collaboration even outside their core industries. sophiatx blockchain directly targeted connectivity enterprise systems allowing for modular builds new collaboration models. its capabilities enable reshaping and developing new business models across entire value chains. conclusion, have build high-performance solution with technology features required businesses, fully compliant, secure, and its token value must directly tied value generated its own community (rather than generic use and trading alone, other indirect factors). the case sophiatx blockchain the value the token directly influenced the community itself. sophiatx token generation event (tge) and token distribution intended use proceeds (tge) (figure figure illustrates the intended use proceeds from the sophiatx token generation event (tge). the proceeds this event are intended used the following way: sophiatx core, interfaces r&d and operations outreach, integrations, partnerships, marketing and business development legislative and compliance support fund sophiatx innovation lab the tge will conducted sophiatx. during the tge the participants will receive erc- based sphtx for their donations. order secure the development respective software, sophiatx will engage equidato technologies ag, company focused the integration blockchain with enterprise applications, such sap, iot sensors, smart printing, and other advanced technologies forming the 'industries the future' eco-system; however, may also engage any its affiliates third party. proceeds received from the participants will used for this purpose. during the tge, sphtx are created erc- cryptographic tokens the ethereum protocol. later after the tge and once sophiatx blockchain launched, the erc- based sphtx will replaced final proprietary sphtx. the participants shall within period announced sophiatx remit/redeem their erc- based sphtx, otherwise they cease exist. that point the participants that received the erc- based sphtx shall receive the final proprietary tokens sphtx and the erc- based sphtx will burnt. the tge will last days. during these days there will rounds, based the current ethereum block times. erc- based sphtx going offered for accepted coins and tokens including btc, dct and eth sophiatx reserves the right further accept other alternative cryptographic coins and tokens subject individual assessment. solely eth values are determinant. there additional bonus for contributions dct. disclaimer: the details exact start tge and specific block times for each round will provided the sophiatx website before the start the tge. the tge principles: tge organized rounds tokens for each round new round starts when tokens generated current round, estimated hours (based the ethereum block time) from start the round each round the token value increases compared previous round's value last round includes all remaining tokens sphtx tokens value per token increase coefficient value per token (in eth) eth raised round round round round round total n/a n/a eth sphtx token generation event structure (figure all time intervals are approximate and are based the current block times the ethereum network during the tge. starting eth value erc- based sphtx is: sphtx eth. based the above data the hard cap the tge eth. not all erc- based sphtx are generated during the tge, the remaining tokens will redistributed the current tge participants according their sphtx stake. for example, one tge participant having sphtx will receive twice the amount the participant having sphtx, remaining tokens. sphtx token distribution (figure figure illustrates the sphtx token distribution the launch the sophiatx blockchain. the tokens will allocated the following way: tge future token generation event development, operations, marketing, team mining years) this results into: sphtx tge sphtx future token generation event sphtx development, operations, marketing, team sphtx mining years) the total number tokens ever generated sphtx. the tokens dedicated development, operations, marketing, and the team shall not disposed for months after initial sphtx generation. glossary term description aes advanced encryption standard api application programming interface business business baas blockchain-as-a-service crm customer relationship management dapp distributed application dmz demilitarized zone dpos delegated proof stake eclipse java based integrated development environment erp enterprise resource planning eespa the european e-invoicing service providers association iot internet things ito international trade organisation mro maintenance, repairs, overhaul ndc national drug code pow proof-of-work rfp request for proposal rfq request for quotation sap systems, applications, products: leading business software corporation sap hana in-memory, column-oriented, relational database management system scm supply chain management sdk software development kit sme small and mid-size enterprises sophiatx sophiatx, obcianske zdruzenie, with its registered seat rajska bratislava-stare mesto, the slovak republic, company id: registered with the register civil associations the ministry interior the slovak republic sophiatx blockchain open source blockchain platform and marketplace focusing integrating blockchain with sap and other major erp, crm, and scm systems aiming expand the possibilities enterprise applications with the trust and security that comes with blockchain technology. sophiatx team the group developers and other personnel, who are now, will be, engaged sophiatx order develop and secure ongoing operation the sophiatx blockchain. sphtx the token sophiatx blockchain tge token generation event ttspp time temperature sensitive pharmaceutical product vpn virtual private network who world health organization references and sources source link blockchain https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blockchain bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf international trade administration https://www.trade.gov/topmarkets/pdf/pharmaceuticals_executive_summary.pdf sap overview https://www.sap.com/corporate/en/company.html#overview pharmaoutsourcing.com http://www.pharmoutsourcing.com/featured-articles/-handling-temperature-excursions-and-the-role-of-stability-data igeahub pharmaceutical club https://igeahub.com////top--drugs-in-the-world-/ world health organization http://www.who.int/medicines/areas/quality_safety/quality_assurance/modelguidanceforstoragetransporttrsannex.pdf eclipse http://www.eclipse.org/ decent network technical information https://docs.decent.ch/wikidecent/decent/technical/ bitshares general overview http://docs.bitshares.eu/_downloads/bitshares-general.pdf facts about sap customers https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wg-kqzhol sap digital report https://www.sap.com/documents///ae-dc--cedaaffa.html sap global corporate affairs https://www.sap.com/corporate/en/documents///ecdd-bc-c-edaaffa.html european e-invoicing service providers association https://eespa.eu/eespa-aggregated--volume-survey/ sap community network https://www.berater-wiki.de/scn_(sap_community_network) ethereum https://ethereum.org sap leonardo https://www.sap.com/products/leonardo.html sap baas https://www.sap.com/products/leonardo/blockchain.html hyperledger https://hyperledger.org