spde white paper version october version december version february version february (c) spde. all rights reserved contents introduction industry overview the blockchain and the casino economics gambling: institutional perspective the mechanics and issues on-chain casinos competitors' review the mechanics spde the spde protocol token distribution token proceeds utilization team and advisors road map financial projections references appendix contents disclaimer the purpose the present white paper introduction spde project potential token holders view upcoming token sale. information proposed below does not constitute public offer. its only purpose provide relevant and sufficient information potential token holders. nothing this document must regarded advertising the product investment offer. nothing the document must regarded solicitation and proposal buy any securities any jurisdiction. this document does not follow any laws rights concerning investor protection any jurisdiction. some statements, evaluations, and financial information the document are judgments its authors. suggested judgments information may contain known and unknown risks inaccuracies, which may lead events outcomes with economic effects. the russian language version this document the primary official source information spx token. information the document can subject inaccuracies, grammatic and syntactic errors originated from translation other languages quoting its sections writing verbal form existing and potential clients, partners, etc. the accuracy such alternative communications can not guaranteed. the event doubt any inconsistency between translations, the russian language version this document has priority and the proper source official information. spde service cannot used acquire foreign assets and avoid consequences unlawful actions which are subject supervision financial regulators. the 'investment' term this document should understood acquisition token cryptocurrency offered tge (token generation event). the 'investor' term should understood real potential holder token cryptocurrency. you are citizen resident (tax other) the people's republic china the united states america, you not have the right purchase hold spx tokens. contents introduction welcome spde, blockchain-based platform capable supplying unbiased public randomness for developing and running distributed casino applications. spde designed suit the purposes all the actors comprising the online casino landscape and such represents the new breed digital institutions, distributed intermediary. the spark that lit this project and continues inspire now, that early blockchain and bitcoin casinos simply didn't get right. the blockchain community was younger and wilder, ideals distributed freedom were burning brighter... still, early adopters who applied blockchain technology gambling promoted the wrong ideals; those undermining the image decentralized casinos. instead promoting transparency and cost efficiency that characterize blockchain technology, they promoted anonymity and cyber anarchy. instead making the casino for everyone, they kept themselves. means are here judge. instead, are here change. not say that old ways are bad, but can prove that new ones are better. hold faith the decentralized future and appreciate the charm gambling. soon realized that there only fragile wall glass between the old centralized gambling and the future global distributed casino. this it, simple yet captivating idea. the future here: can run zero-house edge decentralized casino with close-to-zero transaction fees and provably fair random numbers feeding entropy into myriad smart-contract-based open source casino applications that can developed anyone who has worthy idea means state-of-the art application-specific well general-purpose programming languages. "we can" was the silent voice the idea. now the marching echo "we do". frequently happens, technological progress made massive leap forward that went unnoticed the majority human kind: people still prefer the traditional narrow-minded and boring online casinos that set draconian house edges and cannot proven fair. once again, one has the right judge: just existential business need, produced dilapidated business model and inch greed. worse than this, however, that even the enlightened ones, those chosen witness the dawn the distributed world have noticed perfect fit between distributed consensus protocols and gambling applications, have synthesized them and... nothing. some these projects got infamous due money laundering accusations, some have spoiled the beauty the idea running centralized online casinos and simply allowing for cryptocurrency deposits, others got their moments fame during tgas, today, however, few can recall even the names these projects. course, there are some notable exceptions this rule, but while succeeding locally all these projects have failed create awareness. none them has broadcasted the essential message: "there glass wall; the future gambling now; are better every single quantifiable aspect; quantifiable not enough, also have the powerful idea the distributed future, while those who are stuck the past have only couple servers and unaudited poker protocol". will what one has done before. spde blockchain-based platform for developing distributed gambling applications. platform for gambling applications with self-respect, are equipped with the protocol for generating fresh unbiased public randomness. team with some aspirations have provably fair and completely decentralized. feel that important true the spirit the venture embark upon: blockchain the universal and undisputed source truth then should also the broadcast channel for randomness. think that single points failure should perceived anyone just relic the past. contents this feature, while setting aside most starkly, only part what have offer terms technological stack. what follows will dive deeper into the revolution all are part and will explain detail the best igaming protocol the world has ever seen. industry overview the european union the online gambling industry grew nearly from the first half until the first half the casino industry particular generated over us$ billion revenues during this period. expected that until this number will reach us$. billion per year representing about revenue growth []. the for the period until online casino revenues increased and are expected reach us$ billion []. the and the are just small part the worldwide casino industry. globally, the projections the online casino show that for the period the market will experience growth about reaching us$ billion with cumulative annual growth rate nearly currently over million adults are officially participating gambling activities around the world with projections reaching million []. since inception, the blockchain technology was the subject close attention gambling enthusiasts. recent news from the merkle show how popular online bitcoin betting has become. aggregate the wagers put online bitcoin casinos february have reached nearly bitcoin per minute. the price bitcoin the end february was about us$, while now us$, (approximately growth) which means that today almost us$ million worth bitcoin was gambled february alone. value us$ invested major gambling stocks value us$ invested bitcon bitcoin the online gambling industry jul nov mar jul nov mar jul nov mar jul nov mar jul nov mar jul nov mar jul nov mar jul indicator bitcoin major gambling stocks figure the online gambling companies and bitcoin; sources: yahoo finance and coindesk. contents "bitcoin casino" google search trends index "online casino" google search trends index "bitcoin casino" "online casino" popularity jan okt jul apr jan okt jul apr jan okt bitcoin casino jul apr jan okt jul apr jan okt jul online casino figure google trends "bitcoin casino" "online casino" figure show how investment us$ would have developed from until was invested into the giants the online gambling industry compared the same dollar being invested bitcoin. apart from the fact that this investment btc would have provided us$, compared only $us. when invested the index, one major observation can made: the shaded areas show that the bitcoin blockchain technology was becoming more and more popular (that the price bitcoin was rising) the traditional online casinos have also gained steam. however, when look further figure (google trends search for "bitcoin casino" and "online casino") see that the popularity online casinos has been relatively stable and slowly declining since only since the beginning when the bitcoin casinos have started gain wide popularity did the online casinos see slight increase interest. addition, the search "bitcoin casino" has skyrocketed since may when surpassed the search term "online casinos". furthermore, know the existence least ten relatively sound blockchain-driven casino projects that have entered the industry through successful tge and are still being developed. although somewhat broad, this overview points out important pattern which holds lot relevance for the future the gambling industry. currently, online casinos seem only weakly affected the growth the interest bitcoin gambling and the blockchain-based casinos that the moment appear least complement traditional online gambling. however, this happening staggering pace and the tendency shows possibility blockchain-based gambling taking over online casinos. the current pace technological advancement the blockchain industry sustained, soon there will benefits left for the consumers the more traditional online casinos. form this index, create equally-weighted portfolio holdings, bet-at-home.com, gvc holdings, ladbrokes coral group, and mgm resorts (although bitcoin traded during the weekends and holidays only consider trading days). when replacing "online casino" with "online gambling" the results are similar. also replacing "bitcoin casino" with "blockchain casino" does not alter our results significantly. the results searching "ethereum casino" are also similar those searching "blockchain casino". nevertheless, one has consider that possible that people searching these keywords did not look for actual blockchain-based casino but rather that they want gamble cryptocurrency such bitcoin. contents the blockchain and the casino what follows describe protocol for decentralized blockchain platform for developing casino applications with multiple unique features whose solid implementation lacking any the currently existing projects this space. the concept decentralized consensus that lies the heart blockchain based the smart application cryptography and game-theory. combined, they create the economics trust and hold immense potential for revolutionizing many classic industries. this backbone blockchain technology renders obvious candidate consider developing online gambling applications as, arguably, trust considerations and the need for transparency are and always used two major cornerstones the gambling industry [], [], [], []. particular, blockchain has the potential provide transparency all transactions, drastically reduce the house edge, nearly eliminate transaction costs, ensure anonymity participants and ultimately, create the trust among players and other industry participants. this rapidly evolving technological stack offers immense potential for improvements the online gambling space, however, also carries multiple new pitfalls that are scarcely (if all) researched and poorly understood. understand the benefits the blockchain brings, one needs delve deep the economics casinos (the institutional viewpoint). appreciating the challenges requires overview the mechanics the blockchain technology. so, why would applying blockchain online gambling appeal average person? economics gambling: institutional perspective while being driven throughout its long history complex economic and sociological changes, the gambling industry has dramatically changed its competitive and institutional landscape the supply side has changed remarkably little from the perspective person who wishes try one's luck. indeed, still the same set games that dominates the casino landscape, still the chance that defines one's faith and these are still the classic transaction costs that interfere into the process, owing the fact that the world live not frictionless. follows that can view the casinos from the perspective institutional economics, branch economics studying the impact institutions the behavior economic actors. one the major roles the financial institutions play, modern economics, economizing transaction costs, thereby facilitating financial transactions that would otherwise unfeasible. they also serve escrows, notorious trusted third parties, who facilitate trust among the participants allowing them enter into exchange more efficiently than would otherwise the case []. this vein, casinos act "gambling" intermediaries realizing the economies scale, maintaining order and quality service, thereby facilitating the "conditional" transactions bets. let's imagine the evolution the gambling industry path towards reducing the transaction costs where innovative industry newcomers attempt take piece the overall pie from the old incumbents bringing gambling closer the frictionless ideal. this vein, classic casinos reduce security and search costs, facilitate standardization using chips and having house rules and, most importantly, realize economies scale bringing together people united the shared desire gamble. following this line reasoning, online casinos while performing the same functions their classic brick-and-mortar counterparts, also facilitate convenience and economize the travel costs the contents side players. the major reason for their existence, however, stems from their more lightweight cost structure that characterized with virtually zero marginal cost adding new client. this translates into significantly lower overhead costs, results smaller house edge and, therefore, smaller average wagers and larger average net gains the side the clients [], []. the advent the cryptocurrency casinos came result their anonymity feature well absence any regulatory oversight. many other applications the blockchain technology its early days, the major considerations behind setting casinos the blockchain were idealistic, impractical outright shady nature. the anonymity and laissez-faire regime, however, are not the features that fit best into our line reasoning: indeed, the decentralized infrastructure does not imply any server maintenance costs: the protocol autonomous; the bets are fair: the protocol code public; its workings are imprinted into the immutable ledger forever and can always verified anyone. rule, once something new offers better ways for solving old problems, there always catch []. the mechanics and issues on-chain casinos summarizing, the blockchain revolution allows for greatly enhanced transparency and efficiency transactions, levels the playing field for online game development and greatly reduces overhead costs erasing the necessity maintaining relationships with trusted third parties, bringing the concept online casinos completely new level. while being clearly beneficial some aspects, the net benefits blockchain the general public willing put their hard-earned funds stake are less clear-cut. the reason that, unfortunately, while being secure and trustless, not single blockchain protocol can compete terms efficiency with centralized systems, such those that are used the off-chain online casinos nowadays. this imposes heavy burden the user experience: one can imagine the winner's frustration caused the necessity wait for minutes before knowing the roulette round actually settled the blockchain. even -second delay can detrimental user experience once certain types online gambling applications are concerned. ordering transactions paramount importance distributed ledger (the root the double-spend problem). unfortunately, simple time stamping cannot used achieve distributed consensus the ordering transactions decentralized peer-to-peer network. the blockchain protocols were created instead, offering successful solution the issue. however, decentralization always comes cost. each block needs time mined and this creates inherent delays that are detrimental user experience far casino applications are concerned. therefore, the first problem that needs resolved efficiently possible before online casinos can migrate on-chain transaction settlement times. the second inherent problems lie around transaction fees. indeed, all the praised benefits the decentralized payment networks, such instant settlement and virtually absent transaction fees turn their back those daring employ them for micro-transactions. for example, currently the transaction fee send ether the for example, online casino (netent) has been heavily criticized its community for having delay less than milliseconds seconds) knowing whether they won lost; and delaying the withdrawal big winnings (e.g. jackpot) has been famous the industry. simple search google "online casino delay" yields nearly results, indicating how prevalent delays online casinos are and how frustrated the online gambling community with them. this, course, only applies once there fundamental limitation the amount games that can played every block. currently existing applications, there indeed such limitation and it's for far the block content required input for generating randomness, one game outcome produced for every block. contents native ethereum blockchain about us$. and sometimes over us$. such fees are game stoppers literal sense when comes for example, -dollar bets [], []. one would accept brute transaction fees for us$ online bet. this problem further exacerbated the fact that most the popular blockchains currently existence are based proof-of-work consensus protocols that are infamous for not scaling too well. this implies that soon can and will witness situations where gambler would have either pay even higher transaction fees experience large delays settlement (see problem also not clear, how incorporate such choices the level the gaming application with more than one party involved. furthermore, given that transaction fees ethereum bitcoin blockchains are paid the underlying virtual currency, the cost transaction actually directly tied the price this currency. this translates into proportional increase transaction costs. therefore, ideal solution for on-chain casino would necessitate protocol that can scale seamlessly and that would have low transaction fees. this is, however, far from being the end the wish list when comes blockchain casino applications. here have approached the cornerstone topic on-chain casino design. the immanent importance this topic can only matched the extent controversy associated with it. before delving deep into complexities probability theory, let's summarize what has been said far the uprising the casino industry from the early days humanity until the very end the century can portrayed standard outlines economic theory: has been long quest towards erasing the transaction costs the means centralization and institutionalization the gambling process. the problems that have remained unresolved included poor transparency, high overheads incurred casinos maintain lucrative buildings and other required infrastructure that translated into high house edges; and, finally, the need travel "physical" location. additional problem was that inclusion: indeed, not everyone could participate the development new games. some these problems have been partially resolved the slow migration casinos online. nevertheless, those poor transparency and large house edges have also remained. general, these are the problems that are inherent the legacy financial system; the one based intermediation and trust. therefore, comes surprise that numerous projects have embraced the challenge move the gambling process on-chain. this, however, turned out ambitious aspiration with numerous pitfalls and seemingly unsurpassable technological barriers. while resolving the issue inclusion, transparency (from the gambler's perspective) and excessive house edges, blockchain gambling exacerbated those high transaction fees and anonymity. also brought new challenges along with it: how resolve the issue slow settlement? finally, addressed the sinle most important problem: the generation the distributed randomness. indeed, how does one generate provably random numbers on-chain? overall, how one achieves provable randomness applications where multiple parties are involved and the random number generated determines the distribution the monetary gains and losses for those involved? easy solution would use local source randomness, such rand() function microsoft excel(c). however, there problem with this approach that renders inefficient: local sources randomness can easily subverted and thus, there easy way for all the parties verify that the number provided party the number actually generated. what about public sources randomness? for example, random.org, nsa nist all serve provide "pure" randomness which sampled from various natural sources, such quantum physics processes. while indeed being public and random, these sources random numbers suffer from all those problems inherit from the 'centralized' yesterday: any application, however distributed, relying them automatically raises the 'single contents point failure' red flag. their outputs are susceptible human errors, present adversary with incentives undermine their workings and finally, give malicious incentives those running these protocols. always, when one stuck being unable find theoretically convincing and practically appealing answer the domain centralized applications, the world distributed consensus the place search for answers. there easy way get distributed randomness: blockchain protocols are deterministic nature and, not have implementations random number generation the protocol level. but wouldn't blockchain this was the final answer. the following 'solutions" have been proposed and implemented: most the attempts circumvent this limitation the end still rely fresh entropy provided either the users themselves random oracles that turn can either manipulated have malicious incentives their own. so, random oracles off-chain single point failure red flag. others opted for different path and proposed using the block hash. while such protocol design much more appealing from theoretical viewpoint generates random numbers on-chain (no red flag), has another major flaw: given sufficiently large monetary incentive miners with sizeable hashing power can manipulate the game outcome not submitting the freshly mined block. using timestamps and virtually any other block content falls victim the same issue. commitment schemes: the most promising solution with two major drawbacks: huge computational overhead and possibility that malicious player will not open the secret after learning the outcome the game. other words, these schemes lack guaranteed output delivery. monetary disincentives can introduced punish malicious actors basically collateralizing the smart contract thereby forcing the output delivery. theory works just fine. practice one ends with slow and terribly expensive working protocol with limited applicability. will show, something that effective but inefficient can always improved, but not the other way around. points and unfortunately belong the latter category, but the situation with the commitment schemes different. the discussion far has been quite abstract. legitimate question what does all mean for the distributed gambling applications? let's review the recent projects this sphere that have received their part public attention. competitors' review number other projects utilizing the blockchain are entering the gambling industry either aiming create platform for online casinos simply placing specific game variety thereof on-chain. noted above, among the issues which are solved simply creating blockchain-powered versions the games, three main problems remain yet unaddressed: transaction settlement time: takes significantly longer settle transaction on-chain than off each block requires time mined. transaction fees: the fee for each transaction can become prohibitively high and preclude small bet sizes. provably random: the generation randomness on-chain challenging miners can see and modify block headers before everyone else. contents dao.casino introduces decentralized system for the online gambling industry which consists automated value distribution protocol acting mechanism incentives based ethereum. the team has recently began developing payment channels address the first two problems while addressing number three the introduction the signidice algorithm (which suitable only for two parties" games). goes without saying that any casino protocol lacking good quality randomness that can extended any number parties cannot serve backbone for the decentralized gambling industry. bitpoker propose peer-to-peer protocol where central actor has influence over the outcome the game. they use bitcoin and lightning network for transaction settling and blockchain for game state persistence. the white paper bitpoker (which project solely aimed poker games) none the aforementioned issues explicitly addressed. edgeless built the ethereum blockchain and claim the first create fully transparent and zerohouse-edge decentralized casino. edgeless" aspiring team aims introduce number innovations the industry online casinos; however, their white paper also does not address the three notorious predicaments. bitdice also based ethereum but aim implement iota the future provide costless transactions. for now, the developers bitdice claim that the move from ruby elixir would reduce the betting latency from -ms -ms, nevertheless, for now, transaction fees and the generation randomness are not addressed any meaningful way. funfair ethereum based, can launch limitless number online casinos, instant, claim ten times cheaper terms gas cost than other casinos, and propose innovative way rng. funfair's ambitious project aims achieve zero latency between the time user's interaction with the interface and the result, effectively eliminating the first issue. addition, they pay attention also both transaction fees and specifically target on-chain provably random number generation through the development fate channels. table below summarizes whether each the projects addresses one more the three problems novel and effective way. settlement time transaction fees randomness dao.casino payment channels payment channels not addressed bitpoker not addressed not addressed not addressed edgeless not addressed not addressed not addressed bitdice move from ruby elixir iota (not implemented) not addressed funfair fate channels (not proven) fate channels (not proven) fate channels (not proven) spde ouroboros (proven) ouroboros (proven) ouroboros (proven) table the solution the three problems the table above highlights that now never one needs appreciate the wisdom embedded "devil's the detail" idiom: multimillion dollar casino projects who claim revolutionize the multibillion dollar gambling industry not appear address the most fundamental problems this revolution creates. any inquiring mind recommended briefly look the history the last century see what disaster any unplanned revolution is. spde different: details are our passion. contents the mechanics spde spde the new-generation blockchain-based gaming platform aimed all the participants contemporary casino ecosystem. call "new-generation" spde satisfies all the aforementioned conditions 'proper' blockchain casino. build spde top the blockchain called cardano []. the cardano project itself monumental work that embraced the best practices and most far reaching innovations the area cryptocurrencies and packed them into single state-of-art system. being developed and maintained large team comprised solely phds the field programming and cryptography, and experienced engineers. what follows will illustrate how spde provides environment for the design gambling applications which are characterized with: close-to-absent transaction fees and proof-of-stake powered scalability that beyond the reach any other on-chain casino protocol currently existence; mechanism generate decentralized provenly uniform randomness arbitrary time-spans; provides rich smart contract functionality that allows for creativity game design that bounded solely the fantasy the developer (and the demand for the resulting product course); fairness the outcome essential for gambling; the core. spde utilizes cardano design its ecosystem and thereby solves the problems normally associated with the on-chain casinos described above. here how: transaction fees and scalability: the size transaction fees normally function the degree which given distributed system scales. scalability can defined the relation between system resources and the number nodes. scalable systems gain efficiency new nodes join the network: bittorrent and iota protocols are two prominent examples. proof-of-work based blockchain systems not scale construction: indeed, maintaining common ledger implies every node possessing full copy this ledger. without this condition, the security most important property such systems compromised. therefore, there gain efficiency when new node joins the network. ouroboros proof-of-stake protocol, meaning that any given time, trusted set nodes maintain the integrity the system. this protocol was shown experimental setting resistant handful attacks that are known plague other systems and are directly relevant gambling protocols. random number generation: finally, ouroboros, the pos protocol underlying cardano blockchain its workings fully relies upon generating unbiased (i.e. uniformly distributed) entropy. the beauty the idea that the blockchain itself serves broadcast channel: the uniform randomness generated on-chain! for us, this the crucial point, let's elaborate further. pos systems are heavily dependent the ability generate good-quality randomness "to inject pure entropy into the system". without it, the integrity the protocol can interrupted. this stems from the fact that there way manipulate the process selecting agent who chosen validate the next block, adversary can bias the election process. this the root the infamous "nothing-at-stake" problem and invalidates the whole concept pos-based distributed consensus protocols. apart from provably random number generation, another pre-condition for the plausibility pos protocols that these numbers are actually delivered everyone participating the protocol. other words, the delivery uniform randomness has guaranteed the protocol level. hence, contents valid concept, especially from formal academic viewpoint, ouroboros must have mechanism for generating and broadcasting "good" randomness. furthermore, scalable, the generation and verification processes must computationally inexpensive. ouroboros solves these problems embracing two well-known protocols from the field distributed consensus: coin-tossing application commitment schemes and verifiable secret sharing. blending these two together produces miracle: creates protocol for creating unbiased public randomness distributed adversarial setting with guaranteed output delivery. layman terms, this means that ouroboros: generates provably random numbers; guarantees that everyone will get them. unchanged. will touch upon the topic randomness again the technical deep-dive below. apart from providing elegant solutions the existential problems on-chain casino protocols, cardano offers rich toolbox for solving several less critical issues: flexible and finance application-tailored scripting language: those who have experience with the bitcoin scripting language know how draconian and inflexible is, those who spent thousands hours grinding through solidity (the ethereum scripting language), know how quickly might become overly complex. rigidity limits the number applications; complexity limits the set actors who are capable work with the language and introduces larger scope for unintended errors and unnoticed bugs. create truly universal platform where those with bright ideas can compete for their share the overall pie, one needs simpler language whereby, simplicity would not come the expense the scope application. plutus general purpose smart contract language developed iohk and implemented cardano. the core idea that any type financial transaction can decomposed into simpler ones. therefore, all the wide variety complex financial instruments comprised much smaller set "foundational elements" that create the entire transactional logic. cardano designed matters code and set follow best practices; its scripting language tailored for financial applications: security and execution can "extremely well understood". with certain degree abstraction, one can observe strong parallels between any financial derivative and most the gambling applications: essence these are just contracts between one more parties where outcome conditioned, part, realization random variable. this leads conclude that plutus the best kind natural fit for writing casino applications. cardano scalable, secure, and complex yet elegant. the major takeaway that designing successful pos protocol requires solving the same problems that constrain the creation provably fair on-chain casinos. with cardano backbone, spde set become the best its kind. our claims don't require you blindly trust us: all the results rely are proven with academic rigor and can accessed anyone the ever-growing library academic papers maintained the iohk foundation. our competitors can appeal the crowd stating that their protocol unique, efficient and practically difficult manipulate. believing this implies having faith their team: all the existing projects are either work-inprogress completed, but centralized. all the results rely upon are established with mathematical rigor and academic formalism those for whom developing cryptography science profession, and state the art code everyday tool. contents the spde protocol before delving deeper into the mechanics the spde protocol itself, opt give brief overview the cardano blockchain and, particular, the ouroboros protocol that underpins it. mentioned above, ouroboros the first provably secure pos protocol. all pos protocols rely heavily the miner selection process whereby participant selected random sign block transactions. essence pow system without the anchor the real world that processing power. precondition for effective pos protocol the ability select the next 'miner' (or minter using the pos jargon) randomly with the uniform probability which proportional one's stake the system. the uniform nature the probability distribution essential element: can skewed biased any protocol participant, the security compromised rendering the protocol useless. the heart ouroboros the so-called follow-the-satoshi (fts) procedure. its essence simple: assuming input the uniform randomness, fts guaranteed select stakeholder with the uniform probability proportional the number coins (or satoshis) one possess relative the total number coins the system. short, fts does the job: possess the qualities required make effective pos protocol. but, always, there catch: fts assumes input 'proper' randomness. but where does come from? before answering this question, let lead your through the mechanics fts procedure itself: will prove useful later on. the fts proceeds along the following steps: the fresh randomness injected into the system; used 'pick' single satoshi, the smallest unit account the system, analogy cent for dollars; all satoshis have ids. the state the protocol determines which user (determined the wallet id) was the last one hold the satoshi selected; this user becomes the 'leader' other words entitled sign block; this simple procedure satisfied the required qualities the protocol: assuming the input unbiased randomness, will select stakeholder with the probability proportional one's stake the system. injecting 'good' randomness into the protocol another important concern. fts assumes input good randomness, but order for the protocol work this randomness needs generated on-chain. this point important highlight the similarity the design challenge that faces the pos protocols and onchain gambling applications: both them require on-going inputs unbiased distributed randomness. ouroboros employs the fair coin tossing (fct) procedure generate randomness. this procedure known result the field academic and applied cryptography. was first coined over years ago and its mechanism well studied and understood and is, thus, very efficient. the idea that multiple entities participating the protocol exchange 'messages' (the so-called commitments) that are encrypted the sender and therefore are not known up-front the receiver. when opened (by exchanging the keys) and combined, these messages produce output that cannot known priori and neither can manipulated those participating. one problem that remains the possibility one the parties aborting the protocol not sending the key one's message. the ouroboros protocol this issue solved employing yet another protocol that called publicly verifiable secret sharing (pvss) pvss basically ensures that (given the honest majority) the message delivered everyone participating even malicious party chooses not contents share one's key. the combined procedure called the fair coin tossing protocol with guaranteed output delivery (fct god). armed with the pvss and fct machinery, ouroboros protocol proceeds steps: the minor steps are called slots and represent spot the protocol time whereby elected leader has chance signing block transactions receiving the fee reward. the major steps are called epochs: these contain multiple slots and end with running the fts procedure. stylized illustration single epoch given figure user amount funds (cum number satoshis) random string for epoch (prime user determine the epoch) user selected sign the block given slot transactoins given block (block content) stn state the chain block fts follow the satoshi god guaranteed output delievery sig signed the protocol broken down into slots, slots contain blocks, and blocks contain transactions. the outcome the fts procedure determines all the slot leaders (those entitled sign block) for the following epoch. stylized version the multi-epoch protocol illustrated below: user stn state the chain amount funds (cum number satoshis) block random string for epoch (prime user determine the epoch) fts follow the satoshi user selected sign the block given slot sig signed god guaranteed output delievery transactoins given block (block content) contents the beginning every epoch the new distribution stakes determined from the blockchain state (the previous distribution along with all the signed transactions the past epoch). given that the distribution tokens among stakeholders taken from the past transaction history once set stone the end every epoch, impossible know upfront which satoshi will chosen. the fct god procedure run parallel with the protocol and used generate randomness for the next fst. being designed along these lines, ouroboros blockchain protocol that makes the blockchain itself serve broadcast channel for randomness. solving the problem the pos protocols, ouroboros simultaneously offers unique toolbox for developing and running decentralized casino applications efficient and provably secure manner. the key words that are scattered over countless pages academic papers written the iohk foundation are: 'guaranteed', 'provably' and 'secure'. what else can one wish for when comes online gaming? the heart spde the protocol that generates unbiased randomness arbitrary frequencies: synthesizes the workings ouroboros and spde blockchain itself generate entropy. all the gambling applications the spde blockchain represent complex smart contracts that use spx their native currency. the outcomes all the games the spde blockchain are conditioned upon the realizations the coin tossing procedure that drives the ouroboros protocol. the entire spde ecosystem will flourish around these injections entropy. the use the seed will application-specific. the mechanism will work follows: cardano epoch begins with fresh seed that derives from the distribution coins among holders the end the previous epoch. this information rests the public cardano blockchain and is, thus verifiable any interested party. for every slot the current epoch coin tossing protocol with guaranteed output delivery run facilitating the election slot leader. this protocol has the name: "follow-the-satoshi" fts for short. the essence fts that, given distribution all the coins among all the coin holders, that fixed the beginning epoch and injection fresh randomness the means coin tossing routine, the protocol selects one leader for every slot the current epoch. the random string that used the selection process provided independently the participants the network through running the coin tossing protocol. this point issue becomes apparent: fresh randomness injected into the protocol only once for every epoch. means that limiting ourselves using only this randomness for determining the outcomes spde-based casino applications constrains running only one provably fair round every epoch. this highly infrequent. this issue, left unresolved, renders the whole concept spde obsolete. can't afford it. therefore, here our plan: create smart contract that constantly runs the cardano native coin tossing protocol with guaranteed output delivery. every time particular block "minted" the native cardano blockchain, the smart contract emits random string that inherits all the "good" qualities the cardano's native coin tossing protocol. the nodes participating the protocol (those who actually commit and then open) represent all the online nodes having stake the spde blockchain. this ensures that computational overhead running (already very efficient) scrape protocol significantly reduced: the number shares that have verified limited spde nodes only. this way, detach the leader selection process from the process generating random numbers that actually need: the coin distribution evolves cardano, while entropy being created spde. contents user user selected sign the block given slot fts follow the satoshi amount funds (cum number satoshis) transactoins given block (block content) god guaranteed output delievery random string for epoch (prime user determine the epoch) stn state the chain sig signed block contents implementing this modification, we, however, expose spde other risks: very short time intervals while new blocks cardano blockchain are not 'stable" adversary can fork the chain one selected slot leader. while the presence honest majority, such actions can benefit adversary only with negligible probability the native cardano blockchain, the spde chain much more susceptible these attacks relies relatively smaller amounts aggregated onchain entropy (one block against one epoch). resolve this issue employing verifiable random function (vrf) developed iohk team their work ouroboros praos. nutshell, given sufficient input entropy, vrf outputs unpredictable value. now, even assume that determined and highly sophisticated adversary being present both chains (cardano and spde) and being elected slot leader the cardano chain, wishes make malicious fork that would affect the results the coin tossing procedure, the application vrf, makes the results any such manipulation unpredictable, thus useless. once the settlement issue resolved, there remains nothing else that can subverted adversary spde chain without the need manipulate the overarching ouroboros protocol that drives the cardano blockchain. indeed, the settlement spde transaction done cardano, the randomness provided the changing cardano stake distribution and local scrape protocol that run spde nodes. any potential incentive manipulate both chains mitigated the use vrf. with the spde protocol set and running, can start actually deploying the applications that represent some gaming logic implemented using cardano's smart contract scripting language. these applications run spde blockchain and get settled with every new heartbeat the protocol less frequently depending the actual application. the efficiency constraints are, course, inevitable when comes application that would require extremely high-frequency outputs (such once every seconds). cannot claim that all the issues with such applications will resolved before the protocol deployed. can state, however, that spde the best position solve them. token distribution sale the entire token distribution will ,,, which ,,,. (.%) will the form token sale and ,,, (.%) will given jackpot those who have participated the "token sale" rounds. the remainder the tokens ,,, (%) will vested with the team for the purposes marketing, advisory, and further development the project (see the token proceeds utilization section for further details the use the proceeds from the token distribution). there one year vesting period that applies these tokens. from table becomes clear that the spx tokens received per eth are decreasing after each sale while the tokens distributed are increasing following the pre-sale stage. contents the token sale will take place four rounds and the amounts each round are follows: phase tokens distributed spx per eth eth pre-sale sale sale sale iii sale total ,,, table token sale phases jackpots everyone who participated the token sale will eligible receive tokens during the jackpots. table outlines the jackpot distribution schedule: phase tokens distributed jackpot jackpot jackpot iii jackpot ,,, total ,,, table jackpot phases contents distribution schedule the token distribution begins monday, january and ends sunday, march and scheduled the manner illustrated table below. the pre-sale lasts for days while each sale phase will seven days followed jackpot that distributed entirely within single day after every sale. graphical illustration the entire spx distribution can seen figure below. phase begins ends spx pre-sale monday, january thursday, february sale thursday, february wednesday, february jackpot thursday, february thursday, february sale friday, february thursday, february jackpot friday, february friday, february sale iii saturday, february friday, march jackpot iii saturday, march saturday, march sale sunday, march saturday, march jackpot sunday, march sunday, march ,,, table distribution schedule contents token distribution figure token distribution schedule figure token distribution schedule the number lots and the amount tokens each them shown above the bars and are also separately depicted the figure below. contents jackpots: number lots and per lot reward participants the earlier jackpot rounds have small chance winning large lot, while those participating later have higher hance winning, but are rewarded with smaller lots. this shouldn't discourage late participation: the largest combined pool prize tokens played during the fourth jackpot round. addition, earlier contributors participate more jackpot rounds. figure jackpots: number lots and per lot reward so, those participating the earlier jackpot rounds have small chance winning large lot, while those participating later have larger chance winning, but are rewarded with smaller lots. addition, earlier contributors participate more jackpot rounds: e.g. sale investors try their luck four times, while those entering sale iii can only participate two jackpots. this shouldn't discourage late participation: the largest combined pool prize tokens played during the fourth jackpot round. for every lot run procedure which randomly selects one token out those already issued. the holder this token becomes the winner the lot. each token being sold has specific factor attached it, the jackpot factor. the likelihood win lot proportional this factor. mind, that jackpot factors are ordered: even within one sale round, earlier contribution rewarded with more 'powerful' tokens. the distribution these factors for every round shown the table below. contents how the jackpots work? essence, every jackpot airdrop tokens, however, with major modifications. every token sold during the preceding sale rounds has chance winning jackpot during the subsequent jackpot phases. for example, you participated the pre-sale then you have chance participate all four jackpot phases, but you participated sale then you get participate only jackpot iv. jackpots are large lots spx tokens that will granted "lucky guy" the owner the token that will chosen winner. so, any winner will get the entire lot. for example, there will only wallets (or less) who will win spx tokens during jackpot jackpot tokens not participate the subsequent jackpots, winning jackpot does not increase one's chances winning another one. important aspect the jackpot campaign the presence jackpot factors attached every token. this makes the game much more interesting and allows anyone actually influence one's odds win the jackpot. the factor the probability multiplier. without these factors, every token would have probability winning one jackpot particular jackpot phase; where the total number tokens and constant equal the number jackpots within every particular jackpot phase. with factors, the formula changes where the factor token, the group tokens, the number tokens the group. every group defined having some factor that every token within this group holds and number tokens that belong this group. for example, you participated the pre-sale getting spx and you got multiplier (the maximum), then every single token that you hold has times higher chance winning one multiple the jackpots during jackpot phases until iv, compared someone holding the same amount tokens but with factor the total probability you winning the jackpot during jackpot phases until calculated follows: where group tokens that you hold, the number within each group therefore, simple weighted probability. course, these numbers are different for every sale and jackpot round depending how many tokens remain the pools. following the logic from the previous example, the chance winning jackpot jackpot with these parameters equal ~.%. (,,*.)/(* ,,+...+.* ,,+* ,,+...+.* ,,)* contents how jackpots work? the reader referred the jackpots mechanics paper for overview the jackpots process. table token sales' power (eligibility) for every jackpot table token sales' power (eligibility) for every jackpot let the game chance begin. contents how jackpots work practice? current jackpot phase (e.g. sale ends (--) utc. additional half hour (until am) given for all the 'late' transactions settle. new spx tokens are generated and distributed among the investors.jackpots are large lots spx tokens that will granted "lucky guy" the owner the token that will chosen winner. so, any winner will get the entire lot. for example, there will only wallets (or less) who will win spx tokens during jackpot list transactions along with the factors and wallets participating users generated. the 'win' intervals are constructed taking into account the stake the system and the factors. additionally, include the following variables: eth addresses participants, start, end the tokens participating the jackpot. calculate the start, end for every user transaction. for example: ii. now, relate the intervals (i) the user id's, effectively creating list the thereafter this list along with other relevant information made public. during the day the jackpot (in this example, --), utc the seed for generating random numbers generated the following way: take the hash the first slot with block (not empty slot) confirmed after utc; wait for the first block issued the bitcoin blockchain after the ada block 'a' confirmed and take its hash; determine the number the eth block confirmed after the btc block 'b' and take the hash the eth block confirmed two blocks earlier; concatenate the three hashes into one string: where the hash, the number the last block. calculate the sha- using the string 'e' the seed; take the resulting -byte hash and turn into array integers which will later use the actual seed for generating random numbers contents put this seed into mtgenerator and generate random numbers the range max range, where the number jackpots, max range the weighted sum the coins participating and their respective factors basically the end parameter for the last participating id. the prize distribution made public, spx are sent the happy winners. unpurchased tokens allocation there possibility that some part every token sale will remain unpurchased. illustrated the table below the majority the tokens that remain unsold will automatically distributed among the jackpots, increasing the number tokens received the participants every sale. any tokens are allocated the spde foundation they will used for further development and promotion the project. distribution unpurchased tokens phase foundation jackpot jackpot jackpot iii pre-sale sale sale ii* sale iii* sale iv* jackpot table unpurchased tokens' distribution the jackpots for example, spx has not been purchased during the pre-sale phase then spx will allocated the spde foundation, another spx will attributed towards jackpot phase spx for jackpot phase ii; and the last spx for jackpot phase iii. these attributions will made equal amounts towards every the jackpots within each the jackpot phases i.e. during jackpot all the jackpots will increased spx resulting ,,. spx per jackpot. the same logic applies the rest the jackpots and all unsold tokens. the soft cap the project eth and hard cap eth. reward everyone reasonable manner will distribute unsold tokens follows: all unsold tokens during sale ii, all unsold tokens during sale iii, and all unsold tokens during sale all participants the spde pre-sale and ico. this will done proportion the amount their investment percent the total invesment amount fromall participants. all the tokens will distributed after the ico (march contents token proceeds utilization the proceeds the token sales well the tokens that remain possession the team will used promote and develop the project outlined the road map section this paper. the figure below, show how the proceeds will utilized. have shown earlier spde development intense, therefore allocate the majority the proceeds development and operations believe that proper management and highly skilled developers are the core the success this project. furthermore, when needed the tokens allocated the spde foundation and the team might used for further promotion and part incentives scheme. token utiltization development operations legal marketing advisory figure token utilization crowdsale proceeds management the funds raised during the pre-sale and the ico will held the following cryptocurrencies and the following proportions the time the conclusion the ico (march name ticker proportion bitcoin btc ethereum eth cardano ada ethereum classic etc ripple xrp table allocation the funds collected the distribution the funds for development, marketing, operations, etc. will done these cryptocurrencies the discretion the team and these weights may not necessarily hold during the later stages the spde development. contents team board alexey kashirsky ceo co-founder mining engineer graduate the moscow state mining university. mba program mining nitu adviser the general director and adviser the russian academy natural sciences, the association assistant the president. https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexey-kashirsky-b/ mikhail krapivnoi cio co-founder cio co-founder ceo man machine. robotics research company multi entrepreneur champion online poker and chess member the research association blockchain evangelist and just cool guy. https://www.linkedin.com/in/mikhail-krapivnoi-a/ evgeny borchers cvo co-founder visionary, experienced business expert focused cryptocurrency investing, fin-tech, and affiliate marketing since co-founder number fin-tech projects, the most recent one which dcex, digital currency exchange. https://www.linkedin.com/in/evgeny-borchers-/ alexander baykiev cmo co-founder responsible for the digital marketing, media communications, and creative content development develop and sustain the brands number businesses.. https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexander-baykiev-b/ lyubomir serafimov chief operating officer lyubomir headed the development multiple cryptocurrency exchanges across europe and us. his knowledge the academic literature market microstructure and its applications liquidity provision are integral spde's token market availability while his knowledge financial mathematics essential the technical design the protocol. https://www.linkedin.com/in/lserafimov/ contents mikhail vakhrin chief business development officer mikhail's experience financial engineering and devising complex algorithms are now fundamental the technical design the spde protocol. having raised funds and europe, also experienced entrepreneur and passionate speaker and now strengthening the business relations for spde. https://www.linkedin.com/in/mikhail-vakhrin-ab/ advisory board konstantin katsev blockchain gambling adviser konstantin has over decade experience marketing, web-development and entrepreneurship, well years productive work with blockchainrelated infrastructure. currently involved marketing and promoting the world's largest blockchain lottery platform, true flip https://www.linkedin.com/in/konstantin-katsev-b/ david wainwright blockchain gambling adviser active investor platform builder for over years. built and sold companies over countries including netplaytv (playtech), telecomstv (oxygen), hollywoodtv (golden race) and who studios. co-founder cryptopad and founder realcasino and theredbox. https://www.linkedin.com/in/davidwainwrightprofile/ artemy zorin graphics design adviser interactive designer user interface and visual style for web and mobile applications. visual design and branding manager, head design department, studio. https://www.linkedin.com/in/temazorin/ alexandr uglov marketing adviser blockchain-evangelist and visionary. has experience staging several projects (sonm, humaniq, etc). ceo the russian media digital agency. possesses years experience internet marketing and creating web services. https://www.linkedin.com/in/uglovs/ contents advisory board norman chou strategic business adviser norman chou blockchain expert that brings years plus experience from the industry silicon valley developing business partnerships globally. not only has surpassed his goals enterprise sales year over year, thought leader blockchain technologies. has numerous engineering accreditations specializing business marketing and communications. https://www.linkedin.com/in/normchou/ viv anand strategic business adviser viv big believer blockchain technology and expects fundamentally change the way live. has wealth diverse work experiences including corporate america (ge mckinsey) and technology sales (datalink, nimble storage hpe). https://www.linkedin.com/in/vivsf/ daniel montaner gambling adviser world champion pro gamer and management/consultant esports for teams such complexity, evil geniuses, and faze clan. voted best counterstrike player and north american player decade. https://www.linkedin.com/in/danielmontaner/ lantz litchfield, ph.d. gaming security advisor dr. litchfield company executive and principal myriad diverse professional service groups having extensive experience with variety organizations including fortune- companies, government agencies, and military projects the highest level security covering industries such gaming, internet e-commerce and dot-com start-ups. holds ph.d. information technology management well the following computer security and certifications: cissp, csge, csga, csgi, ccse+, cse, ccsa, ccsi ng, nsi and nsa al. alexandr malkov legal adviser aleksandr co-founder and ceo arbi (legal and escrow services for ico), member top blockchain legal advisors cis, member expert council digital economy the state duma the russian federation. http://www.linkedin.com/in/aleksandr-mal'kov/ contents advisory board dominikas shpota legal adviser dominikas co-founder and cfo arbi (legal and escrow services for ico), serial entrepreneur with wide range expertise: cryptotrader, financial director kpa.ru and managing partner burgers. https://www.linkedin.com/in/dominikas-shpota-b/ brian krug tech business development advisor brian brings immense experience from number tech companies california was for over half decade cisco, the founder and cio itapp and currently senior director servicenow. https://www.linkedin.com/in/krugone/ andy smith tech entrepreneurship advisor tech marketer experience, geek destiny, andy general partner center electric, llc where invests and helps grow early-stage companies they build the internet things (iot). for the past years has served executive the high-tech industry leading teams intel, dolby labs, bigwords, liquidwit, analysis group, polaroid, integral inc. and pricewaterhousecoopers. https://www.linkedin.com/in/andysmithlinkedin/ contents road map the long-term vision the one-year-ahead road map table road map contents january march conclusion the ico the spde ico will concluded march and spde tokens will moved the respective wallets march intend hold the funds multiple currencies protect the project's funds against adverse idiosyncratic price movements (see the section the ico proceeds management). listing exchanges until the end march, collaboration with cryptocurrency exchanges will initiated order list the spde token many large exchanges possible. will try avoid spx being listed small exchanges exchanges with notorious reputation. official announcement will made the spde website with regard the exchange which the token listed five business days prior the listing event itself. listing exchanges will not end this stage continuous process. april july minimum viable product during the major developments the cardano blockchain and fundamental expansions the project's ecosystem are expected. particular, the end that quarter will see the release most the shelley phase planned functionality enhancements and other related protocol improvements. for us, however, this will only small step towards realizing the ultimate potential the khronos protocol. the problem that the delivery promised khronos functionality contingent upon the completion the goguen phase cardano roadmap: iele, plutus and associated compilers are essential for building khronos. therefore, instead sitting and waiting for the required releases will develop all the core functionality solidity using etc blockchain the base. there are multiple good reasons behind preferring etc blockchain over any other solution existing the market. the three major reasons are that: cardano and etc have (at least partially) same user base, founders and community general; one the priorities cardano's goguen phase roadmap develop translators/compilers from solidity and plutus core for iele, the new-generation virtual machine that underpins the smart contract functionality. solidity seems like obvious candidate given this native support. etc average much less congested and thus significantly faster than the eth network. the sidechain functionality that being developed callisto initiative will also prove important for scalability that essential for the spde platform. using solidity spde team will develop the product with the minimum required functionality: fair coin tossing protocol with guaranteed output delivery (fct god) that capable output random numbers high (not arbitrary) frequencies. other significant functionality enhancements will postponed until the next roadmap stage. summarizing, the end the mvp (ii) stage our roadmap, spde will have version the spde protocol implemented solidity with narrower functionality and limited scalability. yet, this version the protocol will ready compiled iele due certain degree compatibility between the systems. contents furthermore, this stage our roadmap will see spde exploring the design the general decentralized house casino dapps. particular, will model the economic incentives the decentralized house design. the decentralized house among the most challenging and exciting theoretical and practical issues resolved the spde team. will having entire blog thread dedicated solely the game-theory and implementation challenges will encounter. fact, the decentralized house design implies having novel market currently non-existent the real world: the market for the gambling risk. the house edge serves the 'price' the risk allowing passive execution the bets. so, it's the price betting against the average skill gamers. this line reasoning illustrates, the potential for economic analysis the incentive structure design decentralized house applications immense. during this stage the roadmap will concerned exactly with this. the community involvement high importance for us: are excited hear feedback/ consider proposals, etc. will expand our team include one several professionals with economic/mathematical background(s) prior getting started. swap the erc token the native spde token hope that the end july, cardano will sufficiently developed incorporate the uia functionality. once this done, will issue our spx tokens cardano and implement swap. from this moment onwards, the entire spde infrastructure will based the cardano blockchain. parallel development cardano all along the way, will have entire task force dedicated solely exploring the progress the cardano project. will develop spde parallel with cardano utilizing all the pieces functionality available. debit cards cardano planning introducing the debit cards that would make ada, the native cardano coin, spendable seamlessly anywhere. will work getting all the regulatory approvals and other compliance matters right the same for the spx token. allowing for the instant payments with spx would make truly universal betting chip. we, however, expect severe regulatory issues the payment processing industry quite hostile terms compliance. yet, will our best make the spx debit card dream come true soon possible. contents august december deploying spde cardano this period will marked with major developments cardano, basically making fully functional blockchain with smart contracts live and ready for deployment. the major milestones the goguen phase (the third phase cardano development timeline) are the development plutus core, ccl (cardano computational layer) and iele, the cardano virtual machine. basically, this point, the functionality for implementing spde cardano will ready the cardano side. this moment, will migrate our code from solidity plutus and deploy the mvp developed earlier cardano. this will mark the beginning the development the most complex and intricate parts the spde protocol, those that have with increasing the efficiency (i.e. increasing the output frequencies) beyond that the underlying blockchain itself. our aim able output thousands random strings per second needed. this similar essence the problem faced the decentralized exchanges: the decentralized order book can only efficient the underlying blockchain itself. will beyond that. using etc blockchain and solidity build the decentralized house mvp this point, will have the theoretical foundation for the economics for the decentralized house applications ready turn into working solidity code. assume that will stick solidity deploy the mvp. this, however, does not need hold true and might change subject the degree which cardano will ready accommodate the desired extent smart contract flexibility. so, basically, the aim this would design application (say, black jack) whereby anyone participating could become part the house. diversifying (i.e. pooling the funds) the risk every backer and allowing the house edge determined purely the market, our goal find the equilibrium level the house edge. such design actually possible, hope arrive product superior any currently existing centralized solutions: the world gambling without economic frictions. december and beyond going forward, our major goals will perfect the protocol and put all the connections that will have established their best use: the widespread adoption the spde protocol throughout the entire gaming (and other) industry. this adoption will inevitably lead spde become the quality standard, hopefully making any application that does not use suspicious best. contents financial projections the spde venture itself bvi (british virgin islands)-incorporated entity with the classic set features from the corporate world: while being crypto-powered and driven and still have balance sheet, income statement, strategic goals, banking relationships, and etc. but don't judge too quickly for being not sincere: our priority witnessing how the spde protocol thrives and receives mass adoption and today still haven't figured out way dao can e.g. get license. classic nature business organization implies having answer the classic set questions that every start-up (that essentially are) has address, one them being "what's your business model?" narrowing down this question end having lay down the revenue model and the cost structure our venture. intelligent management these variables defines the venture success the long-run. revenue sources the ico campaign: essentially token sale event way crowd funding whereby the product being distributed represents claim future use software: token the right use the blockchain, making use the blockchain holds only much utility the functions that provides, the problems that solves just like utility using regular software. this why from the accounting standpoint; money raised during the ico can classified revenue (with some liability component it). after subtracting all relevant expenses, the remainder retained inside and used develop the venture. the transaction fees: envision the spde protocol being platform hosting myriad dapps (decentralized applications) various nature and feeding entropy inside them via api-like interface. our design every transaction within the dapp (e.g. betting zero roulette) part the transactional logic the smart contract powering the dapp, there will fees that need paid. the fees are only paid for transferring funds from dapp another dapp other words, every time when the actual settlement takes place the blockchain itself. every such fee will distributed follows: other words, every transaction fee divided between the miner's fee and premium, the fee for the developer who built the dapp and small part that goes the foundation for sustaining the spde project. this latter part will our major revenue driver the long run and obviously scales proportionately with the popularity the platform. the marketing revenue: while being open-source, spde will have all the attributes classic software developing startup: course, will have website, blog, wiki, etc. will monetize the traffic these resources advertising. yet, will abstain all times from interrupting any way the popularity equilibrium within our ecosystem: dapps will get priority over others only the crowd decides who thrives and prospers and who left the backwaters history. contents the spx tokens: large number spx tokens remain our disposal. will dispose these whenever see fit (after the -year founders' vesting period) thereby generating additional revenue streams. commissions for betting: will disclose the nature this revenue stream separate white paper released soon. cost structure the development spde not standalone task that simply implies having team developers and lead that would produce the protocol that will then magically create the revenue streams. the contrary, while the expenses towards development are substantial, they will not materialize value producing assets unless supported proper advisory board that would serve alleviate the penetration into the gambling market; marketing well listing exchanges which will help the wide adoption the protocol popularizing and making available the spx token; licensing and legal advice; and operations' department that would serve guiding force behind the allocation and structure all expenses making sure that even penny not spent unwisely classic nature business organization implies having answer the classic set questions that every start-up (that essentially are) has address, one them being "what's your business model?" narrowing down this question end having lay down the revenue model and the cost structure our venture. intelligent management these variables defines the venture success the long-run. cost structure the development team: here, the costs the beginning the project are negligible none, nevertheless the revenue streams the spde project are driven, first and foremost, the development the platform for esports betting and the spde protocol, these costs will begin rising sharply once these activities begin. the objective begin with small development team which will have encompassing knowledge all spde products, which later will grow much larger and more segmented, specializing the development each the spde revenue drivers. the advisory board: the spending advisory are large the beginning, this due the fact that the spde project has placed properly within the market niches where the expenses for the development the project will most efficiently utilized serve and/or create the customer needs. marketing team: the marketing team will work closely with the advisors order reach the markets for which the spde development team creating products, but also will work towards creation new markets which relatively marketing-heavy task legal counsel: both the crypto space and its integration within the current online betting environment are both relatively young and weakly regulated. nevertheless, these industries mature and more sub-industries are created from their interconnections also the regulatory burden all businesses this sector will exacerbate. contents operations department: this department will take care the day-to-day operations the company but also the medium long-term cost planning and revenue projections. the company grows this department will become larger and more complex terms employees and their location and their management. what follows will visualize and describe briefly the incurred and projected revenues and expenses for the period december january breakdown expenses type and percent total figure expenses type percent total while marketing expenses are relatively large until may they will gradually decrease and the operating and development expenditures will continue grow spde focuses the development the core product and the management the company whole. legal expenses rise and then gradually fall the main licenses are obtained, nevertheless these expenses may grow during along with those allocated for advisory. the other hand, the allocation funds towards marketing expected fall time stronger ties the industry are established. contents number employees function the headcount will grow rapidly the project enters the development phase march, when the operations department will add four new members specialists for marketing, accounting, administration, and one support. addition, the development team will also grow both headcount but also expenses larger part the budged allocated for salaries for the developers reflected the previous figure. figure number employees function the figures the right, show the net income spde when considering that and the ico complete. these graphs exclude the proceeds from the ico these "revenues" are one-time and not represent the income generated the operations the company. the first revenue driver that the developed platform for esports betting which expected become functional starting june, the reason for the slow growth the revenues that the market reach will relatively weaker caused weaker proportionately lower marketing and advisory expenses thought the period which. break-even expected reached january, given that the funds are collected. figure scenarios the projected net income spde dependence with the amount collected during the pre-sale and the ico contents references gambling industry report egr global can found at: http://egr.global/wp-content/ uploads///_egrwhitepaper_.pdf gambling industry news best casinos: https://www.bestuscasinos.org/real-money/ global gambling industry trends report: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/online-gamblingbetting.html online bitcoin casinos gambling: https://themerkle.com/bitcoin-casinos-recorded-us-worth-ofbtc-being-wagered-every-minute-in-february-of-/ the top online casinos: http://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/global-online-gamblingmarket--- sfetcu (). gaming online casinos ethereum and casinos: https://cointelegraph.com/news/gaming-meets-ethereum-to-deliver-zero-houseedge-trust-to-online-casinos are online casinos rigged? https://www.casino.org/rigged-casino-guide/ can blockchain technology improve online gambling transparency? http://www.osborneclarke.com/ insights/can-blockchain-technology-improve-online-gambling-transparency/ levine, ross. "finance and growth: theory and evidence." handbook economic growth (): lucy dewar, "regulating internet gambling: the net tightens online casinos and bookmakers", aslib proceedings, vol. issue: pp.- wood, robert t., robert williams, and paul lawton. "why internet gamblers prefer online versus land-based venues? some preliminary findings and implications." (). gainsbury sally and blaszczynski alex. gaming law review. september (): https:// doi.org/./glr.. can ethereum casino games disrupt the online gaming industry? https://proofofsteak.com/canethereum-casino-games-disrupt-the-online-gaming-industry-fffabfa the average transaction cost ethereum: www.bitinfocharts.com bitcoin washing and casinos for high rollers. http://structural-geology.org/bitcoin-casinos-andcryptocurrency-laundering/ using bitcoin casinos launder cash: https://www.casinopedia.org/news/the-mafias-latest-game-usingbitcoin-casinos-to-launder-cash dao. casino white paper: https://github.com/daocasino/whitepaper/blob/master/dao.casino%wp. bitpoker white paper: http://www.bitpoker.io/pdf/white%paper_bitpoker.pdf edgeless white paper: https://coss.io/documents/white-papers/edgeless.pdf contents bitdice white paper: https://ico.bitdice.me/prospectus_en.pdf funfair technical and commercial white paper respectively: https://funfair.io/wp-content/ uploads///funfair-technical-white-paper.pdf; https://funfair.io/wp-content/uploads/// funfair-commercial-white-paper.pdf blum coin flipping telephone: https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~mblum/research/pdf/coin/ about cardano: overview: https://whycardano.com/; academic research: https://www.cardanohub.org/en/ academic-papers/; all iohk papers: https://iohk.io/research/papers/ appendix the (partial) solution the distributed randomness that commonly used today was inspired problem posed and resolved blum how can one ensure common uniformly distributed randomness multiparty applications? other words: how can, say, two people being geographically distant and using only phone, toss coin and sure that the outcome fair? the answer this question quite technical (albeit intuitive) and beyond the scope this paper. the solution originally proposed bloom while being elegant, relies the honest majority assumption. therefore susceptible the attack whereby adversary can bias the output even prevent the honest parties from receiving any output all. relying verifiable secret sharing (vss) assuming honest majority, random beacon capable providing reliable source good randomness and yet suffers from two main issues: firstly, the necessity dealer-party interaction impedes scalability and secondly, only the actively participating parties can verify that the protocol was actually performed fairly (in the context today's real-world, say blockchain, applications, this implies that off-line nodes, once online, cannot update their version the chain trivial manner). the former issue can resolved applying non-interactive vss, the latter, using pvss publicly verifiable secrete sharing protocols. the end, one needs balance the scalability and security. while for the majority applications the latter preferred, for gambling applications where both, security and speed are important, less clear cut. the major issue with the pvss lies the way handles the computational overhead: the number computations required verify shares grows exponentially all about the scientific work carried out input-output hong kong can found the urls provided []. deem, however, the possibility the attack negligible common the blockchain applications.