spankchain cryptoeconomic powered adult entertainment ecosystem built the ethereum network pink paper october rd, ameen soleimani ameen@spankchain.com william bentley vogelaere wills@spankchain.com abstract this paper, present spankchain, adult entertainment ecosystem powered blockchain technology. the spankchain ecosystem possesses tiered architecture featuring three layers: spankchain core, spankchain services, and spankchain applications. spankchain core comprised smart contracts and tooling which provide the foundational functionalities necessary operate streaming static content distribution application, namely user profile system and payment capabilities. the spankchain services layer contains suite ancillary services which add enhanced functionality applications built upon spankchain core, including payment channel hubs, age verification, live video, network, affiliate network, indexing/search, and interface builder. spankchain applications exist top spankchain core, leveraging various spankchain services. the applications layer collection branded interfaces that tie together underlying pieces the ecosystem attract paying audiences. the spankchain team will develop the ecosystem's first application, live cam site aptly named spankchain. spankchain utilizes multi-token economic model, beginning with the spank token. spank staking token which can utilized mint alternative tokens, offering specific payment and governance rights throughout the spankchain ecosystem. the multi-token model designed abstract away ecosystem-wide coordination processes from mechanisms which meter platform usage rights. also introduce novel verification game called proof-of-spank address underage model swapping and simultaneously incentivize active participation the spankchain ecosystem. table contents the adult entertainment industry the spankchain ecosystem spankchain core spankchain services spankchain applications market opportunity and strategy token model token auction token distribution roadmap management funds team introduction the adult entertainment industry has faced routine discrimination the hands banks, payment processors, and financial institutions. these service providers simply refuse service those the adult industry. jpmorgan chase closed the bank accounts several high profile porn stars and their families without justification. visa and mastercard stopped processing payments for advertising ackpage.com. paypal notorious for closing the accounts performers and seizing their funds. this discrimination and censorship has persisted despite the fdic declaring unconstitutional and violation the first amendment. making matters worse, middlemen the adult entertainment industry have historically extracted exorbitant fees due lack competition the space. the popular adult-friendly payment processor ccbill takes .-.% cut payments and charges 'high-risk' registration fee annually, pricing out many potential entrepreneurs. most adult camsites take between cut performer earnings, and adult content marketplaces such manyvids take cut more. blockchains represent viable alternative the discrimination and inefficiencies legacy financial institutions. public blockchains are globally distributed systems record that provide permissionless access anyone with internet connection. anyone, regardless their profession, can use public blockchain store their funds and transact without fear having their accounts shut down. blockchain transactions also have strong finality guarantees, the fraudulent chargebacks used justification for classifying adult entertainment businesses 'high-risk' are effectively impossible. further, blockchains such ethereum, which support smart contracts, can used decentralize the business processes expensive middlemen and render them obsolete. https://www.nbcnews.com/business/business-news/things-are-looking-americas-porn-industry-n http://www.businessinsider.com/porn-star-chase-bank-accounts-- http://reason.com/archives////visa-mastercard-refuse-backpage-payments https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/wjg/how-the-financial-sector-is-making-life-miserable-for-sex-workers- https://www.engadget.com////paypal-square-and-big-bankings-war-on-the-sex-industry/ the adult entertainment industry adult entertainment historically historically, the adult entertainment industry has consistently driven the mainstream adoption new technologies. the printing press was propelled glory the publication the famous modi (the ways) modi, which consisted graphic sexual illustrations and explicit sonnets, became one the most widely distributed books the italian renaissance and compelled many italians learn how read. much the internet's early value was captured way helping people find pornography. jimmy wales, founder wikipedia, funded the collaborative encyclopedia's early development with revenue from his adult site bomis. from the printing press the super film, from pay-per-view vcrs, adult entertainment has accelerated technology for decades. the vast demand for porn the internet has led the creation streaming video, credit-card verification sites, web referral rings and video technologies like flash adult entertainment today today, porn driving innovation the internet-of-things (iot) with teledildonics, and there are physicists implementing advanced fluid dynamics virtual reality (vr) graphics engines perfect the "jiggle". currently, the dominant forms online adult entertainment businesses are paid membership sites, free tube sites, and live camsites. paid sites are typically operated studio and charge monthly subscription fee for access their full content library. free tube sites offer unlimited access collection full-length videos, clips, photos and mashups. they earn revenue from video and display advertising, primarily supporting dating apps, adult toys and other porn sites. the most popular free tube site ornhub which according alexa the most visited site the us. camsites typically fall into one two categories: public tipping sites pay-per-second private/group sites. most camsites sell site-specific "tokens" their viewers which they can use tip models pay for private shows. the most popular camsite ivejasmin which offers private shows and ranked alexa. close behind are chaturbate and bonga cams which offer public tipping shows and are ranked and alexa, respectively. https://www.wikiwand.com/en/i_modi https://www.wikiwand.com/en/bomis adult entertainment trends the last decade, few notable adult industry trends have emerged. first, viewers are migrating from paid membership sites free tube sites and live cam sites. presumably, viewers prefer the range free options they can find tube sites and the engagement they can experience joining live cam shows relative purchasing memberships individual sites. second, social media distribution channels are becoming increasingly important. studios, porn stars, and cam models are marketing their new videos and upcoming cam sessions their followers social networks like twitter, instagram, and snapchat. few tube sites have begun build their own social networks that users can follow their favorite performers, track their favorite videos, and get personalized recommendations. new marketplaces have emerged allow performers upload their content and sell access their fans directly. manyvids, for example, allows models charge for access their videos, and some performers use the platform offer paid skype and texting sessions. third trend the new status quo rampant piracy perpetrated free tube sites. generally speaking, tube sites are not content creators, all their content can reasonably expected pirated. only rare cases will tube sites partner with content creators obtain distribution rights and offer them share the advertising revenue. content creators have little power defend themselves because the u.s. complacent about enforcing dmca (the digital millennium copyright act) takedown notices for adult content. further complication that most major tube sites are owned indgeek the same porn conglomerate that owns most the studios producing porn the first place. performers are afraid speaking out against tube site piracy for fear being blacklisted from the studios. the spankchain ecosystem spankchain has received significant support from those who recognize the adult entertainment industry driver innovation and those who understand that the communities most motivated switch new economic platform are those marginalized the existing one. the spankchain mission bring the core benefits blockchain technologies privacy, security, self-sovereign identity, and economic efficiency the adult entertainment industry. our goal this while remaining maximally compliant with legal codes. execute this mission, will deploy framework which provides the core functionalities necessary create and operate streaming static content distribution application, while offering range services that provide enhanced functionality for these applications. the spankchain ecosystem will composed three layers: core, services, and applications. spankchain core the spankchain core layer provides the foundational smart contracts and infrastructure for the ecosystem: performer registry contract, payment channel contract, and the vynos payment channels wallet. these will open source and free use. performer registry the performer registry smart contract the basis for identity the spankchain ecosystem. performers will use create their performer profiles, which will connect their ethereum addresses with their existing profiles social media sites, allow them receive identity attestations (e.g. age verification), and allow them link any off-chain profile data they have pfs simply having the performer registry connect performer ethereum addresses their social media profiles will allow anyone look performer and send them gifts eth tokens without any intermediaries. more importantly, moving performer identity ethereum and storing their profile data ipfs represents paradigm shift self-sovereign identity, moving away from centrally owned identity traditional web platforms. the end result that performers have more freedom switch between sites and applications they prefer since there total freedom the blockchain. payment channel contract the payment channel contract allows for secure, instant off-chain payments that cost gas. manages the secure opening, closing, and settlement peer-to-peer payment channels. spankchain currently uses the achinomy payment channel library and its 'broker.sol' smart contract which allows for unidirectional ether-only payment channels. the future, plan iterate the payment channel contract with new features including token transfers and trustless hash-locked atomic multi-hop payments. vynos the vynos wallet the irst ethereum wallet with support for payment channels. allows users interact with our payment channel contract and make signed off-chain payments our spankchain hub. the current implementation browser-based and lives iframe, allowing users use all devices and without needing download browser extension. similar metamask stores private keys encrypted the browser's local storage. vynos will open sourced conjunction with the first production release the spankchain camsite. after, will release sdk allowing partner sites easily integrate vynos for their viewers and performers use. the future, plan add support for connecting bounty hunter network (to protect against replay attacks), well support for multi-hop payments. vynos critical infrastructure component because fundamentally changes the user experience interacting with adult sites. place the status quo usernames, passwords, email addresses, and credit cards for each website, users with vynos wallets will able immediately start using and making payments the spankchain platform without any setup. the user's ethereum address their identity, and vynos acts passport the entire spankchain ecosystem. spankchain services the spankchain services layer will offer additional paid services applications built top spankchain core. these services will include payment channel hubs, age verification, live video streaming, network, affiliate network, indexing/search, interface builder, and more. these services are intended modular and interoperable, allowing businesses pay only for what they require. other words, intend develop the amazon web services the adult entertainment industry. payment channel hubs the spankchain payment channel hub the primary economic vector the spankchain ecosystem, allowing users process payments for fraction the cost traditional payment processors. payment channels allow you group series payments into single blockchain transaction order avoid paying fees each transaction and waiting for each transaction get mined. payment channels function similar bar tabs. for example, customer bar opens tab upon arriving, orders some number drinks, and then settles the final balance with the bartender when they are ready leave. similarly, someone who wants make repeated payments for service (e.g. live cam show) can open payment channel with the service provider depositing eth erc tokens escrow smart contract, make numerous payments offchain (e.g. tips), then settle the final balance the smart contract when they are finished receiving services. our current implementation, users open payment channels with the spankchain hub via the vynos interface, deposit funds the channel, send tips performers, and make payments the minute for private shows. the spankchain hub responsible for verifying payments, monitoring for replay attacks, tracking performer earnings, and providing payouts upon request. the second iteration the spankchain hub will include support for trustless multi-hop payments, allowing performers and partner sites receive payouts instantly. the future, plan open source the spankchain hub code and help grow decentralized network payment hubs with the goal connecting all viewers, performers, and platforms within the adult industry. age verification spankchain will comply with all age verification laws the jurisdictions serve. performers our platform will need provide valid form government issued identification prove they meet the age requirements for adult entertainment industry work. spankchain will responsible for keeping this sensitive information private and secure for platform businesses that wish list and promote consenting performers, will share verification information through api. the future, plan create open platform via which performers can receive age verification attestations their performer registry profiles. live video the spankchain team developing high-quality live video streaming infrastructure that supports the entire range mobile devices. platform businesses will able leverage our video player sdk seamlessly connect performers with viewers. the video player will interoperate with the vynos wallet, allowing users join private shows and pay per second. the future, plan upgrade our video player censorship resistant supporting connections over webrtc and fully decentralized video streaming protocols like livepeer network outside payment processing, advertising represents the largest opportunity for monetization the spankchain ecosystem. the spankchain team plans develop advertising network for display ads, video ads, and native ads (e.g. cam models reading sponsor messages). our goal maximize revenue share with the entertainers whose audiences target. believe this will motivate many performers and studios make the spankchain ecosystem the primary distribution channel for their free content. the first version our network will only serve spankchain applications, but plan release sdk for platform businesses use well. the network architecture will use state channels track impressions and conversions real-time and eventually move per-ad micropayment model. the future, plan use token curated registry mechanism, similar dchain verify that sites and apps selling their advertising opportunities are not fraudulent. affiliate network place rigid, exclusive promotional agreements with centralized camsites, plan create open market for promotional revenue-sharing agreements through our affiliate network. performers and platform businesses who wish promote their live cam sessions and paid content can join our affiliate network connect with distribution partners, give them unique referral links, and reward them with share the spend from viewers that followed their links. just like our network, the affiliate network will only available spankchain applications first, made available later platform businesses through sdk. the affiliate network will interoperate with vynos manage affiliate payouts via payment channels. indexing/search spankchain will expose indexing/search api and sdk for platform businesses that want help promote performers connected the spankchain platform their own sites and apps. this api will allow them access list live entertainers, search for entertainers name and keywords, and search for content keyword. plan integrate payment channels with the api and use metered access pay-per-query model. interface builder the interface builder will help non-technical performers and businesses easily set their own applications display their profiles, sell their content, and stream their cam sessions. will integrate with the sdks for all our services and provide wysiwyg (what you see what you get) interface for site creation. the wysiwyg editor will feature set standard template options and offer tools allowing for the rearranging and alteration elements interface real time. https://github.com/adchain/admarket spankchain applications the spankchain applications layer composed user interfaces that target various adult industry audiences. these applications can specific performers (e.g. kayden kross) launch partners (e.g. amversity language specific, interest based (e.g. fetish), device specific (e.g. virtual reality). bootstrap the spankchain ecosystem, will launch live camsite named spankchain, followed adult content marketplace developed collaboration with istrictx the red light district. anticipate our efforts paving the way for third party platform developers join building apps our platform. our vision for the spankchain ecosystem have wide variety adult sites and apps built top the same infrastructure, spankchain core, allowing users and performers seamlessly switch between any applications our ecosystem. spankchain camsite bootstrap adoption our platform, will build and operate our own adult camsite. large, will function like most existing camsites. users will able join public shows for free and pay tips, they can pay per second get access private and group shows. differentiating ourselves from the current industry options, plan charge fee model earnings, stark contrast the charged traditional camsites today. the red light district the red light district will allow performers upload and sell digital content directly their fans. the red light district being developed joint venture with the districtx network collective decentralized community owned and operated marketplaces. users will able purchase content directly via eth and erc transactions using the vynos wallet and spankchain hub. marketplaces the districtx network leverage the ragon framework provide community governance options via the districtx network token (dnt). both teams have agreed allow the red light district jointly governed with both dnt and spank tokens. the total supply either token each total), they will treated equal accord. either token can staked the red light district's deposit pool mint tokenized voting rights the red light district's aragon entity. these voting rights can utilize propose and vote various aspects the red light district. anticipate that the primary topics the community token holders will propose and signal for will the development roadmap, content quality controls, content ranking algorithms, the implementation revenue generating modules, and the parameters any modules use. future applications our goal make the spankchain platform open innovation possible, and anticipate that third parties will use our platform build applications which could never anticipate. that said, here are some the applications that anticipate being launched across the spankchain ecosystem. porn bounties platform for crowdfunding the creation new porn scenes, which could involve celebrities and sending some fraction the proceeds charity. ethereum webcam hardware webcam with built-in hardware wallet and vynos integration. tube site tube site with free content paid for advertising, possibly with integrated attention market which allows users earn fraction the revenue pay the real-time price order avoid it. apps the same set apps that exists for the web (i.e. live cams, content marketplace, etc..), but also live social events (e.g. strip club cantina where the dancers are holographic projections real dancers). adult dating adult dating matchmaking service that connects people based their porn preferences. market opportunity and strategy aggregation theory link states that when transaction costs fall, existing distributor-supplier relationships stop being important user experience. with payment channels, can reduce transaction costs one two orders magnitude, fully expect the most important differentiating factor moving forward. with spankchain positioned launch community-owned ecosystem adult dapps, all usable through secure cryptocurrency wallet and without needing email addresses credit cards, believe have opportunity gain significant market share. market strategy our market strategy partner with top performers who have loyal followings and provide them with the tools launch their own branded sites for both camming and clips the spankchain platform. this strategy informed our observation that performers are already disintermediating traditional distributors cultivating followers for their personal social media brands and advertising their cam sessions and clips their fans directly. this makes performers less dependent the expensive paid advertising campaigns that traditional distributors run. turn, this presents with opportunity unbundle tech and payments from marketing and branding, and offer our superior technology lower prices link advertising opportunity spankchain will also attempt capitalize the massive arbitrage opportunity that currently exists advertising adult content. intuitive but obscure fact that advertising adult content even major tube sites typically earns less than advertising mainstream platforms like google and facebook. this despite the well-known statistics that nearly everyone watches porn. the explanation simple: big brands don't want associate with adult content. believe that gradually, over the next few years, this will change. for context, advertising revenue has consistently been -.% the gdp for the last years, which means that advertising zero-sum game (more spend one area means less another). today, estimates suggest that least the online advertising market fraudulent. the sex positivity movement continues expand and the cultural stigma against sex and adult entertainment unwinds, expect that some this $b+ will move from targeting botnets targeting real humans consuming adult content, increasing revenues across the entire adult industry. token model spankchain utilizes multi-token economic model, beginning with the spank token. spank staking token which can utilized mint alternative tokens offering specific payment and governance rights throughout the spankchain ecosystem. the multi-token model designed abstract away ecosystem-wide coordination processes from mechanisms which meter platform usage rights. spankchain will mint finite supply ,,, spank. for metering platform usage rights, spankchain will develop staking contract called the spankbank which will allow spank holders lock down their spank tokens generate booty tokens, which are redeemable for spankchain infrastructure fees. while viewers will able pay models eth any erc token that models accept; performers and platform businesses can pay their spankchain fees (payment channel hubs, live video, etc.) booty. this token model makes possible make one time purchase spank and then use the generated booty pay for spankchain fees. very basic level, spank function https://digiday.com/marketing/porn-pays-advertiser/ https://gizmodo.com//finally-some-actual-stats-on-internet-porn https://stratechery.com//tv-advertisings-surprising-strength-and-inevitable-fall/ http://www.businessinsider.com/ad-fraud-estimates-doubled-- fee credit (booty) generation machines. result, spank give access the platform fixed cost, comparable holding license. booty generation order mint booty from spank, holders needs lock down spank tokens. locking down token means that the token cannot transferred during this period. the exact amount booty generated the locking transaction known prior the users decision lock down the spank tokens. this number determined algorithmically and implemented smart contract. the algorithm adjusts the booty emission rate constantly create the right amount maintain the total times the average monthly booty use. consequently, when the use the platform grows, the amount booty generated per spank grows along with it. when the use the platform stagnant, the amount booty generated per spank remains the same. this scenario, for every booty consumed, one new booty generated. this will prevent hyperinflation booty and thus will give stable utility value. the lockdown period can chosen the user with options ranging from one month twelve months. %(*) the new booty generated immediately, and the rest generated continuously over the locking period. longer lock down periods receive slightly higher booty/time ratio. the above table demonstrates hypothetical booty generation scenario. initially, the total booty supply during the first time period, booty consumed fees. because the spankbank booty generation algorithm targets total booty supply the usage each period, the new target booty supply the end the first time period, new booty generated and the final booty supply during the second time period, the platform usage increases booty, the new target booty supply and new booty are generated hit the target time period platform usage decreases booty which makes the target booty supply new booty generated the end period because the total booty supply already --above the target. periods and see platform usage stabilize booty and the target booty supply both. period the spankbank generates new booty (to make for the used period and period only the that were used are generated. all the above rounds, booty distributed proportionally spank holders who have chosen stake their spank the spankbank smart contract, taking into account the varying lockup periods. proof-of-spank one problem which plagues live camsites age verified models "swapping" with underage performers. short constantly running verification software, performer swapping difficult detect. order address swapping and simultaneously incentivize active participation the spankchain ecosystem, are introducing novel verification game called roof-of-spank every minutes, one performer doing live public show will selected random for spanking. using source randomness (e.g. recent blockhash) the performer will presented with four numbers between recite all four, pick one, and then spank themselves live that many times. everyone staking spank the spankbank contract will have the opportunity participate token vote whether the current performer matches their profile--if they vote that the performer actually imposter, the performer's account will revoked. order for those staking their spank the spankbank contract receive their newly minted booty, they must participate least some to-be-determined number proof-of-spank rounds every month. scale, the spankchain team plans work closely with the plasma project develop infinitely scalable, hierarchical proof-of-spank blockchain system. fee options booty were the only option pay for fees spankchain someone might think about speculating and horde booty. prevent this from happening letting models and platform pay their fee with any widely used token they are willing accept for payment (eth btc-tokens usd-tokens). fee reduction mechanism assume that most fees will paid booty however, fees are paid with any other token these fees will credited directly external auction contract. the auction contract will sell the fees for spank. the spank acquired this way will used permanently reduce the platform fee via concurrently triggering linear fee reduction. for instance, all existing spank held the auction contract, the fee will automatically reduced the auction contract were hold all spank tokens the fees would this long term perspective makes spankchain even more appealing today for users and application developers. this process will not decrease the utility the remaining spank. the use spankchain remains constant, fee reduction would mean that less booty consumed and therefore less booty generated well. the newly generated booty would then distributed less spank tokens the spank held the smart contract does not receive booty. consequently, the ratio booty generated per user holding spank would stay constant. assume that reduced fees will lead increased platform use, can assume that the booty/spank ratio will up. token distribution the spankchain genesis contract will mint ,,, spank tokens. the minted spank will allocated follows: spank ill distributed during our oct. token sale. leftover spank tokens will distributed back into our reserve. spank will distributed founding team, team members, advisors, and early contributors. spank ill reserved for platform subsidies, industry partners, strategic incentives, and additional fundraising. spank tokens minted for allocation founders, advisors, and early contributors, are subject one year time lock. the spankchain team intends keep spank tokens held reserve locked for minimum -months following the launch. token auction the spankchain token sale will conducted through custom, single-round, blind, dutch, state channel auction system which eliminates blockchain network congestion and also allows our team greater flexibility determine the price and quantity tokens sold. the billion spank tokens minted, plan sell between %-% (m-m) for between $m-$m eth. the final price and quantity will determined the spankchain team once all bids have been received. all buyers will receive their purchased spank for the same final price. purchase phase there will week purchase phase during which buyers will submit eth deposit the auction smart contract and then submit any number bids offchain through our website (using metamask our server. bids will each have eth quantity and eth/spank price, and thus will approximate buyer's demand curve for spank. the above hypothetical auction, buyer places eth deposit with the 'auction.sol' smart contract, and then sends series signed bids offchain the spankchain server. bidding eth eth spank ($m mkt cap eth) and eth eth/ spank ($m mkt cap), they are rationally choosing bid less eth higher spank prices. because our auction contract verifies that signed bids and deposits are made from the same ethereum address, and because require buyers sign their bids from their metamask wallets, ether deposits must also placed from metamask (or least using the same private key metamask). processing phase the end the the purchase phase, week processing phase will begin. spankchain will generate cumulative demand curve from all bids, evaluate against our internal supply curve, and decide the strike price. will submit this strike price the auction smart contract and submit selected bids (max per buyer) the contract for processing. once all selected bids have been processed, will trigger the completion the auction, which will enable withdrawals both eth and spank for buyers and for spankchain. the above continuation the hypothetical auction from the previous diagram, after seeing all the bids, spankchain decides strike price eth spank. spankchain sets this strike price the auction contract and then submits the eth bid from and the eth bid from the contract well. after that, spankchain ends the auction, withdrawing the eth proceeds and all unsold spank. once the auction complete, buyer withdraws spank (accounting for their presale registration bonus) and their remaining eth (deposit eth bid quantity eth), and buyer withdraws spank and eth. both the accepted bids the above example were exactly the strike price--if there were accepted bids above the strike price they would have received the strike price well. the spankchain team can trigger auction completion any time during the processing phase; failure before the end the processing phase will result void auction and full eth refund for all buyers. the auction can only completed successfully the global constraints set deployment are respected. the total spank sold outside %-% the total issuance, the eth proceeds are not between $m-$m, any attempts complete the auction will fail. case emergency during either the purchase phase processing phase, the spankchain team has the ability cancel the auction which will allow buyers immediately withdraw all their deposited funds. bid selection during the processing phase, spankchain submits selected bids (max per buyer) above the strike price the auction contract until the desired quantity eth accept reached. spankchain has full discretion over which bids select and submit. generally speaking, spankchain intends prioritize bids from registered presale buyers over regular unregistered auction participants, but make guarantees participation for any buyers. demand high, quite possible for buyer place bid above the strike price and still not have accepted. high-demand auction, spankchain may choose favor broader distribution selecting smaller bids from greater number buyers. for example, the strike price eth spank, and buyer has one bid exactly eth spank for eth and another bid eth spank for eth, may select the higher priced bid (the buyer would still get the same strike price). suspect that anyone placing bid buy spank for eth will happy receive more spank for the same amount eth. contract audits the spankchain auction contract has received two independent audits and been subjected bug bounty. the first bounty was conducted andrey petrov and max veytsman august early version the auction, and the second was conducted the blockchain berkeley (b@b) and completed october the most recent auction version. one participant the bug bounty found adversarial owner re-entrancy attack that would allow spankchain call the 'completesuccessfulauction' function the auction contract multiple times and withdraw additional ether. this bug was also discovered independently during the b@b audit, and has since been fixed. other bugs were reported. secure browser signing another security concern addressed the spankchain team cross-site scripting attacks the browser. order participate the auction, buyers must sign their bids using the metamask chrome extension. the web javascript object injected metamask secure against tampering malicious client-side javascript due process isolation enforced the browser security model. however, the bid signing process takes place two steps: first, the bid parameters are sent web hashed, and only then the resulting hash sent back web signed. this leaves vulnerability open for malicious client-side replace the hash the buyer about sign, which the worst case could real ethereum that sends the attacker all the buyer's ether. eliminate this class attack forever, implemented ethereum improvement proposal (eip) link which combines hashing and signing into single, secure, web function called 'eth_signtypeddata'. also worked closely with the metamask team include our implementation the metamask extension link roadmap spankchain intends deliver decentralized adult social network with integrated payments and self-sovereign identity. accomplish this more quickly, plan start with centralized infrastructure and focus building our community and improving user experience with payment channels. once build the spankchain camsite and the red light district, plan modularize and decentralize the infrastructure components and offer them our platform partners. for more information, check out our comprehensive roadmap dependency graph link spank booty token implementation spank staking contract mint booty deployed mainnet spankchain camsite eth payments fees centralized performer identity profiles and video public shows only platform apps custom built for key performer partners eth payments fees spankchain camsite eth erc payments fees booty public private shows red light district buy content with eth erc fees centralized performer identity profiles and content hosting spankchain camsite uses decentralized performer profiles has integrated affiliate network and network red light district integrate with vynos and spankchain hub fees paid booty tbd) uses dox infrastructure framework uses decentralized performer profiles platform apps open platform for performers and platform business uses open source sdks must use spankchain payment hub platform apps has integrated affiliate network and network integrated with wysiwyg red light district decentralized governance using districtx aragon stake dnt and spank vote expand merchandise, dom services, and escorting decentralized adult social content network uses decentralized performer profiles and social data uses decentralized video uses decentralized payment channel hub network decentralized network open platform for adult industry advertising join the adchain registry deploy our own version for the adult industry management funds funds received during our auction will used solely for the development and expansion the spankchain platform. that includes engineering, marketing, legal costs, daily operations, well financing the spankfund. development expenses that covers costs associated with the advancement the spankchain ecosystem tech. this will include deployment the spankchain platform, security audits, creation auxiliary modules, and the launch our internal applications. operational expenses that covers costs associated with maintaining day-to-day operations spankchain. some examples these costs include business development, community management and education activities, human resources and recruiting, accounting and other administrative obligations. marketing expenses that part contributions will cover any costs associated with the promotion the spankchain network including but not limited entities the spankchain platform, the spankchain framework, and the spankfund. legal expenses contributions allocated for legal expenses will cover any legal costs associated with the establishment and operation the spankchain organization. these costs will include the establishment and operation entities selected service providers the spankchain network and any unforeseen legal costs. the spankfund inspired the slack fund and the districtx power plant, the spankchain team will seek establish entity support the expansion the spankchain platform, advance the infrastructure upon which built, back the efforts partner projects that offer opportunities for interoperability, and overall foster the emergence thriving ecosystem around the platform. team founding team william bentley vogelaere william began his career daniel brian associates overseeing both digital and traditional marketing and product strategy for livestream, chic-fil-a, the robb report, warner bros., and the walt disney company. was there where found his love for technology and the influence has society. from dba worldwide william went into app consulting building over apps for both his own ventures and for companies from the likes interdigital, caesarstone, new york fashion week, wizard world celebrities such norman reedus and more. previous spankchain, william worked for delta brain, inc building their seizure prediction saas for healthcare specialists. janice griffith janice writer, model, adult performer, and sex positivity activist. griffith has been part the adult entertainment industry for over four years, participating mainstream culture outreach and sex positive normalization. griffith's focus integrating sex and adult entertainment into everyday culture reflects her writing and educational work making her integral part the spankchain team, connecting the adult world tech. janice griffith pushing for worldwide acceptance and utilization sex tech through spankchain. sergey ukustov sergey software engineer from home country almighty hackers. after studying physics, dropped out phd programme local russian university. spent four years working smart grid software used few the largest energy companies and europe. blockchain and distributed tech believer since initiated kyc project under central bank backed masterchain blockchain initiative. founded machinomy, micropayments technology provider, move banking and market economy into previously unreached niches, such adult industry. yogesh srihari yogesh worked recently lead software engineer zefr for almost year before leaving june join forces with ameen start spankchain prior that was the co-founder teeswipe, director engineering wickr software engineer google acquired through anvato) and software engineer hexagon geospatial. yogesh has been world regional finalist acm programming olympiad yogesh currently working smart contract development, blockchain research, architecting and managing overall technology infrastructure spankchain. david wolever david software developer, startup founder, and community organizer from toronto, canada. after leaving software engineering degree from the univeristy toronto, went develop software for furniture mass customization, found large format digital signage company, start pycon canada (canada's regional python conference), and organize the international pycon conference. right now he's working revolutionize paper-based assessments colleges, and architecting the backend systems spankchain. james young james has years software developer specializing streaming video network design, social/mobile game development and online advertising. three startup acquisitions later well working larger known companies like cisco and zynga (launched farmville), fell down the blockchain rabbit hole and helped launch adchain. continually impressed the spankchain team, inspired keep helping with software development. ameen soleimani ameen worked software engineer consensys for almost year before leaving start spankchain. consensys, his projects included peer-to-peer energy markets, decentralized hedge funds, state channels research, and adchain. prior joining consensys, ameen studied chemical engineering rensselaer polytechnic institute, founded potomac code camp teach middle schoolers programming fundamentals, and founded filter, personalized news reader. now the founder moloch ventures, blockchain venture production studio with focus state channels and tokenized smart contract platforms. advisors joe urgo co-founder districtx, founder/ceo sourcerers, joe curious explorer decentralized business models and token-enabled governance structures. previously joe worked operations manager coinbase, derivatives trader three arrows capital, and professional poker player. steven mckie crypto veteran years, and previous head growth and product content purse, where assumed many roles growth, development, product management, and content strategy. also assisted building out the bcoin brand, site, and team; helping organize the first ever bcoin hackathon (bcoin.io). host and editor blockchannel podcast and educational publication focused bitcoin and ethereum. steven also founding partner amentum, soon launch hybrid crypto hedge fund. received his bsba while studying information systems technology old dominion university crypto partners moloch ventures blockchain venture production studio focused launching scalable tokenized smart contract platforms. work with our partner projects provide expertise smart contract development, blockchain scalability, token design, and token issuance. machinomy payments system for internet everything. built ethereum state channels, machinomy enables micropayments ether and all erc tokens. districtx cooperative decentralized marketplaces powered ethereum, aragon and ipfs. markets within the network, known 'districts', are built upon shared framework smart contracts and front-end libraries. these provide the functionality necessary operate peer-to-peer communal marketplaces. connextapi api that lets blockchain applications sell their utility tokens directly users with credit cards. instead purchasing virtual currencies exchanges and trading them for tokens, connext facilitates the direct purchase tokens for fiat currency, the same way that stripe facilitates the purchase other non-blockchain digital products. connext also abstracts away the need for wallets, with the creation time-locked vaults which give limited access user-purchased tokens merchants, that consumers can use applications without needing understanding blockchain payments. sourcerers boutique consulting firm specializing cryptoeconomic modeling and tokenization designs. sourcerers takes hands-on role with partner projects implement legal, transparency, and fundraising best practices, aiming drive the ethereum ecosystem forward supporting innovative founders/teams. industry partners kayden kross kayden adult entertainment veteran, activist, and multiple award winner. kayden has been nominated for and awarded the prestigious avn award both and the xbiz award years and the erotixx award for best u.s. actress kayden has joined the spankchain team brand ambassador and intends integrate the spankchain payment channel infrastructure into trenchcoatx.com, kayden's personal website where she distributes the majority her content and hosts live webcam performances. legal counsel alex lindgren alexander advises technology and other fast-growth firms regulatory and transactional matters. late convert the cryptocurrency scene, has particular interest institutional cryptocurrency trading and investment issues, and advises number hedge and private equity funds the cryptocurrency sector. prior becoming attorney, mr. lindgren worked pharmaceutical research and development, after which went co-founding series biotechnology startup companies. zoe dolan zoe los angeles and new york city based lawyer focusing crypto and blockchain projects, fintech and start-up business representation, and constitutional rights and freedoms. experienced trial and appellate attorney, she has won acquittals and dismissals for clients criminal cases both coasts. zoe the author various books exploring personal and sexual identity, transgender experience, and working the law, and she has been profiled the new york times and aljazeera, among other media outlets. she has lived worked five continents, speaks arabic and spanish, and now enjoying teaching herself how code.