whitepaper dedicated virtual reality streaming platform. version contents abstract introduction the problem with advertising solution: signal (sigs) token protocol decentralizing attention markets initial use case: spectiv signal tokens distribution signal tokens crowdsale spectiv: virtual reality streaming content strategy users participants market outlook competitive landscape roadmap financial aspects spectiv enterprise preface escrow use funds platform rewarded team members conclusion notes legal dislclaimer abstract whitepaper abstract introduction the problem signal token version abstract the spectiv ("spectiv") platform managed spectiv llc (usa) and spectiv ltd (mauritius) (together the "spectiv company"). the responsibilities and functions both entities are outlined this general business document ("gbd"). roadmap spectiv platform that enables users and organizations across the globe stream unique virtual reality content ("vr"). viewers can discover, share and experience the full capabilities the comfort their homes. financial spectiv's mission offer the truly immersive power everyone. team spectus and spectmr propose pre-sell credits (tokens called signal tokens sigs) access and utilize the full functionality its platform. following the sig sale, sig will also available purchase from the spectiv platform. spectiv conclusion legal introduction whitepaper abstract introduction the problem signal token spectiv roadmap financial team conclusion legal version introduction growing exposure globally and, what was initially available small group, serviced even smaller group products innovators, technocrats and entrepreneurs, growing rapidly. for many, this now commercial reality. expected the next revolutionary tech boom, projected grow from us$.b us$b+ making one the fastest growing industries the world. spectiv offers, will offer: community-driven content spectiv enables ordinary users stream any personal experiences with their own equipment. this content can range from professionally produced casually recorded uploads. commercial events live streams will address sporting events, concerts, and more from premium seat proximities for truly engaging perspective. this enables viewers not only watch popular events, but fully immersed the atmosphere remotely. spectiv originalstm original content produced spectiv, voted the community. spectiv users have say what they want experience. while the spectiv company the issuer sigs, for technical security purposes, each user will have complete control over the sigs they purchase. hence, repeat the possibility equifax-style hack, due the centralization information management, would not possible each user's account ("wallet") must compromised individually. sigs will available for purchase december federal trade commission, accessed via https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/blog///equifax-data-breach-what-do this assumes that there are inherent security flaws the wallet that shared across the pool users. the problem with advertising virtual reality content streamed through the spectiv platform. whitepaper abstract introduction the problem signal token spectiv roadmap financial team conclusion legal version the problem with advertising online attention becoming one the most valuable and sought-after assets the world. result, entire economies have formed around the exchange attention. the most fundamental level, there are four actors these attention markets: advertisers: advertisers are the driving force this market vertical; that is, they are the purchasers attention. publishers: publishers are the producers attention. publishing quality contributions, they drive audiences view their media content. viewers: the viewers are the "commodity", providing the raw attention that advertisers value. curators: curators are the influencers attention and share content with their unique audience engaged viewers. follows that advertisers should buy reward attention interacting directly with publishers, viewers and curators. however, this not the case today. advertisers pay for campaigns through centralized entities that act attention brokers between advertisers and publishers (google, facebook etc.). this creates barrier that advertisers and media publishers must funnel through reach viewers. such, these intermediary entities control access to, and the management of, attention data related advertising campaign. this leads the charge substantial matchmaking fees. solution: signal token protocol spectiv the creator and initial adopter the signal token protocol. this protocol decentralizes the interaction between advertisers, content publishers, viewers, and curators. opensource and intended for other media platforms build upon. this section details the token's utility and crowdsale conditions. whitepaper abstract introduction the problem signal token spectiv roadmap financial team conclusion legal version decentralizing attention markets the signal token protocol ("protocol") designed decentralize the buying, selling and rewarding attention removing the middleman from the equation. this achieved through campaign smart contracts. campaign smart contract using the protocol, advertiser can use sigs via smart contract associated with target content. this content now active, "hot", which means publishers, viewers, and curators can engage with that advertiser through the smart contract and rewarded with sigs for driving attention that content. every view, click, and reward that occurs communicated the campaign smart contract through third-party oracle. the campaign smart contract will then autonomously distribute sigs the users participating that engagement. utilizing smart contracts, publicly verifiable blockchain, and trusted oracles, this protocol can directly disintermediate the "trade" attention. the protocol enables advertisers execute campaigns directly rewarding the producers, providers, and influencers attention rather than going through broker. advertisers can target their smart contract wide portfolio content even one specific media item. advertisers choose the budget their campaign committing the exact number sigs that they want dispersed. advertisers also set custom conditions for the smart contract; e.g. sigs rewarded per click sigs rewarded per click. this supports transparent, competitive marketplace, where participants compete for the highest-rewarding smart contract. advertisers can then visibly aim for low-cost, appropriate and effective cost campaigns. this provides reward opportunity for all participants. open-source protocol the spectiv company developed the signal token protocol specifically for use within spectiv, but understand that accurate attention data analytics difficult perfect. additionally, understand that for real-world advertisers engage with sigs, the protocol must accommodate more than just spectiv content. have developed sigs for any ad-driven media platform use and build upon; video-based, audio-based, written-based, mixed. other words, the sig's utility not fixed spectiv. rather, built its own decentralized, autonomous protocol that can support multiple attention economies. each media platform can integrate its own unique mechanisms for monitoring genuine attention data, contributing the longterm effectiveness the protocol. whitepaper abstract introduction the problem signal token spectiv roadmap financial team conclusion legal version initial use case: spectiv decentralized protocols make great sense theory, but are often faced with fatal challenge when applied the real world: early adoption. without dedicated early adopter champion new product, can extremely difficult generate traction and compete with established players. spectiv serves the pioneer and first use case for the signal token protocol. through trial campaigns, sigs can used experiment with protocol economics and develop early abuse-mitigation logic using real attention data. this can provide strong, welcoming foundation for other media platforms use and build upon its architecture, thereby providing protocol for the reward attention. the spectiv company's ultimate goal become the foundational layer for connecting and transacting rewards between advertisers, publishers, curators and viewers across variety platforms, the first which spectiv. below have listed the fundamental, open-source uses for signal tokens that will implemented into the spectiv platform: publishers when publisher contributes content, they will have the option included all campaign smart contracts for that particular content. this, publisher can simply tie their sig wallet the content they contributed. advertiser runs campaign that content, the publisher will rewarded with percentage sigs for every view and conversion that was incurred while hosting the ad. viewers viewers are able get sig rewards directly engaging with advertisements. media platform adopts the protocol, can offer registered users the option obtain sig rewards. this simply ties the user's sig wallet their account the platform. when this viewer watches full ad, visits link, makes purchase, that information sent the relevant campaign smart contract. engagement conditions are met, the contract distributes fraction sigs the viewer's wallet. curators curators can rewarded with sigs for sharing content with their friends and followers. this, curator must generate personalized signal link url the content they wish share. this unique url connects the curator with the content. the curator shares this link with their followers, all attention driven through the link will tracked and communicated the campaign smart contract. reward conditions are met, the contract will distribute portion sigs the curator's wallet. tips the community-driven user-to-user tipping system within spectiv one the most unique features the platform. works "rapid-tap" basis, wherein viewers can tap small token button their viewing interface while engaging experience. whitepaper abstract introduction the problem signal token spectiv roadmap financial team conclusion legal version tapping this button expresses "like" for the content while also sending miniscule tip the creator. these small denomination sig tips create powerful interactive user dynamic between viewers and content creators. this because viewers from around the world may more inclined contribute streamers when the contribution gamified and immaterial. also means the average publisher can rewarded based the breadth contributing viewers. note that this can also reduce "like" spam act control for "like" farming, the intent which solely appear specific content popular. premium content spectiv users will able use sigs redeem for pay-to-play content such live event passes, movies, spectiv originals, and more. during the beta platform, these sales will executed discount against the usd rate paid for sigs. this encourages publishers, viewers, curators earn sigs engaging with ads, generating crucial early data and feedback that will use optimize spectiv's campaign economics. indicating preference spectiv users who hold sigs will have the ability show their support for particular content that they would like see the platform. these act feedback from viewers spectiv relation major content contributions (for example, which country might featured for exclusive walkthrough). this aspect important spectiv engages the audience giving them what they'd like see and experience. whitepaper abstract introduction the problem version signal tokens distribution the total number sigs created will depend how many are sold during the sale period. once this supply determined, sigs will allocated follows: signal token signal tokens distribution spectiv roadmap financial team conclusion legal sigs crowdsale platform reserve escrow/advisors bounties rewards management team sigs crowdsale: sigs will sold through public crowdsale discount maximum value us$mm. purchasers will able purchase sigs through the use smart contract using the ethereum protocol. once the sale over, there will further opportunity buy sigs discount from the spectiv company. sigs will distributed following the sale and accounting audit process. platform reserve: this will held reserve primarily used stimulus run trials the token protocol and establish active ecosystem within spectiv. these reserve tokens will released slowly over the course extended pilot-testing period. addition, the tokens will available from direct purchases from the platform price set the spectiv company, which shall not less than the discounted price obtained the token sale. further guidance this process will elucidated subsequent documentation prior the sale sigs. finally, these tokens may also used for partnerships deals that are for the betterment the spectiv platform. examples this could using platform reserve tokens acquire licenses for content, bringing advisors specific spectiv vr, acquiring related technologies, etc... management team: these sigs will reserved for the company and divided among the management team. the management team will pay consideration us$ per point for total us$. escrow and advisors: escrow partners and consultants will also able purchase sigs the equivalent us$ per point for total us$. the sigs supply will evenly split amongst two escrow partners for the work using and supporting spectiv. the remaining the total sigs will evenly split and offered consultants. sigs will released after -month period following the end the token sale. whitepaper abstract introduction the problem signal token spectiv roadmap financial team conclusion legal version bounties and rewards: this will allocated reward proactive purchase participants through bounty campaign. signal tokens crowdsale sigs will publicly sold through token issuance event. the issuance will open via pre-ico which will run from december th, :pm (gmt through december st, :pm (gmt -). starting december st, the pre-ico will end and then the ico will run from december st-th :pm (gmt -). the number sigs sold will determine the total number sigs created. the public token sale will capped us$mm. the sale will end immediately the max cap reached. the spectiv company will host the sig sale www.spectivvr.com. pricing sigs will valued fixed price sigs/eth each. early crowdsale participants will have the opportunity buy sigs discount this price, based the timing their purchase. sigs will sold through levels, with each level representing early bird bonus opportunity. the earlier the purchase, the greater bonus that can expected. this system essentially rewards buyers extra sigs for showing early support and engagement. early bird bonuses the different bonus opportunities are spread across levels: early bird bonuses: level bonus (buy free) december th-th level bonus (buy free) december level bonus (buy free) december level bonus (buy free) december examples illustrate how this bonus schedule works, let's say four different buyers participate the crowdsale. each buyer contributes different level the bonus schedule: level adam sends eth gets sigs default, plus additional sigs level paul sends eth gets sigs default, plus additional sigs whitepaper abstract introduction the problem signal token spectiv roadmap financial team conclusion legal version level jane sends eth she gets sigs default, plus additional sigs level bill sends eth gets sigs default, with bonus added. sigs this means purchasers get significantly more sigs for engaging with the crowdsale proactively. how participate purchasers will need eth wallet. any non-exchange eth wallet will required receive sigs. this eth wallet will generate personalized eth address. when the crowdsale launches, users will able specify how much eth they would like pay return for sigs. users will then prompted input the unique eth address tied their eth wallet this where their sigs will sent. after user inputs their eth address, they will provided with the purchasing address that they can send payment to. once payment has been made, users will see receipt detailing the number sigs they purchased and bonus sigs redeemed. sigs will distributed user-provided eth addresses through the smart contract days following the end the sale account for the audit process. spectiv: virtual reality streaming dedicated virtual reality streaming platform. whitepaper abstract introduction the problem signal token spectiv roadmap financial team conclusion legal version content strategy community first the biggest difference between spectiv and other streaming platforms the community-driven focus. spectiv user-integrated market virtual reality experiences. other words, spectiv not just portal for viewers watch popular events environment where users from across the world can share their real-life experiences with others. this means viewer living the united states can put headset and see through the perspective streamer italy japan. that streamer could visiting significant landmark that local them, but unique and novel viewers thousands miles away. community-driven content could simple travels and regular dayto-day living, deviceful guerilla journalism, wherein users could share real-time local perspectives politically charged regions, creating immersive news outlet. these are just few examples what possible with community-driven content the spectiv platform. spectiv creates environment for users not only consume content, but contribute their own and share with others. this community- driven, user-based content promotes organic social growth among users. this model has proven successful for streaming platforms outside the space and will equally integral building active user base for streaming. initially, plan work with independent enthusiasts around the world who have already adopted recording systems. they will the first general users publish content spectiv, generating immediate selection community provided content. this content will include pre-recorded productions and live streams essentially any experiences users want share. building this selection content will primary focus for the spectiv alpha release. spectiv also provides ecosystem for rewards between users, wherein viewers can tip streamers for content they enjoy well subscribe updated new content releases. this core element the person-to-person spectiv environment because enables users rewarded for sharing their experiences with the world. commercial events sports, music, and other such performances were historically and naturally designed experienced person. the thrill these events lies the atmosphere that surrounds them: the people, the energy, and the details. these real-life elements cannot replicated modern, at-home viewing experience. and, unfortunately, while many consumers would love experience these events all their real-life glory, most not want spend the time money tickets/travel and often prefer not leave home. with technology, spectiv makes possible for these viewers experience that reallife glory from the comfort their living room. with the use cutting-edge, deg broadcasting technology, will able live stream event from the view premium seat, site. this means that when viewing these events from home with headset, viewers will virtually that seat. whitepaper abstract introduction the problem signal token spectiv roadmap financial team conclusion legal version live event viewership grows, will offer different perspectives from within each event depending user feedback. for example, while watching concert, users might have the choice enjoy from front row for more intimate experience, deep the crowd for more atmospheric experience, even moving around for more wellrounded, complete perspective. user feedback driven content once the commercial and community-driven content channels are established and standardized, spectiv will start contributing its own original content. will pursue original projects based user feedback. our mission for this content give participants voice for what they want see. this content could include live journalism, documentaries, real-time tours, even movies wherein users can watch from the perspective character the story. most these spectiv originalstm will involve partnership with organization mutually interested creating project. for example, the state hawaii wanted produce tour the islands attract tourism, could work together create truly immersive perspective for the world see. director wanted create documentary the deep-sea creatures the pacific ocean, could accommodate the tools and expertise necessary make quality production. most importantly, want present all options the community and give viewers what they want. original content will not introduced until spectiv has self-sustaining user base, robust user-to-user streaming environment, and live commercial broadcasting channels. users participants advertisers: those who wish advertise publisher's contents creating new advertising content their own. publishers: all users who upload content, live pre-produced. this content can range from experiences novel skydiving activities simple grocery shopping. one our initial objectives build immediate selection global experiences for viewers choose from. such, will implement incentives for users upload content from their uniquely local regions quickly build global portfolio content the platform. and with the rapid commercialization consumer-level recording technology, spectiv's content selection should grow organically alongside that the industry. viewers: consuming the content spectiv. they are the most important element spectiv. there are two main objectives that must achieved offer viewers the best experience possible. first and foremost, the spectiv company make priority offer very wide range experiences choose from. this includes officially licensed live events, global user-driven contributions, and eventually spectiv original productions. second, will make the viewer interface simple, intuitive, and unintimidating. whitepaper abstract introduction the problem signal token spectiv roadmap financial team conclusion legal version curators: users who share content with their friends and followers. they play critical role attention influencers for online media and will play especially big role driving users spectiv content. streaming platform, important that users are compelled share their experiences. more curators there overwhelming surplus quality content the internet. the attention market, curators provide value attention payers filtering through and consolidating content uniquely catered their following. this done generating signals through likes, retweets, shares, etc. today, followers are paying most their attention these signals rather than the actual content creators. this creates intermediary layer between content creators and their viewers, where content creator's ability connect viewers longer just based the quality their content, but also how effectively their content shared over the internet. thus, curators play critical role influencing the content's overall viewership. this new intermediary role does not present problem mainstream content mediums like music, video, news, etc. this because these mediums have already been critically adopted large scale, such that there are more than enough curators spread the content. other words, this layer acts fluidly channel ensure quality content gets the exposure deserves. however, this layer creates degree friction for emerging content format; curators have not adopted the new content medium, they will not send out signals their followers. and since viewers are rewarded for their attention almost exclusively these signals, they most likely will not exposed the content. accelerate mainstream adoption, must deliberately penetrate this dynamic. plan this capitalizing the influence existing content curators reach critical mass attention payers. using sigs, are creating decentralized economic incentive for curators generate signals content and ultimately promote mainstream adoption. licensed partners: partners from which aim license rights broadcast mainstream events like sports and concerts. the spectiv company has spoken broadcasting representatives from popular commercial organizations and they have all confirmed that viewership the most critical element reaching agreement. such, our strategy build our initial user base through community-driven content and then present this user base relevant organizations. once our viewership satisfies organization's requirements, can begin the licensing process. certain broadcasting partnerships will non-exclusive. market outlook statista states that the software and hardware market size worldwide was estimated us$.b and expected reach us$.b next year, this the statistics portal, accessed via https://www.statista.com/statistics//virtual-reality-market-size-worldwide/ whitepaper abstract introduction the problem signal token spectiv roadmap financial team conclusion legal version predicted reach us$.b. however, this estimate involves the sales hardware well. contrast, the software market was us$.b. nonetheless, the advertising industry still needs adapt the delivery content via vr. estimate that this should directly proportional the growth software (and content). the addressable market size for spectiv therefore hard estimate, especially considering the rapid growth that industry vertical. the creation advertising embedded advertising content also depends the effectiveness this delivery users, which the spectiv company optimistic about, although that still has yet properly quantified. further, adding the element the blockchain and cryptocurrency community the mix may also accelerate adoption due users from the digital currency (or token) ecosystem pre-purchasing sigs for use redemption spectiv. market growth the growth the market undeniable. with companies like intel, samsung, google and facebook working providing medium interaction for and youtube amongst others providing content, these efforts may add significantly the growth profile this industry. moreover, bloomberg reports that there are least startups working china's industry. relation hardware, "the best-selling unit seems the ritech headset... selling just over units per month." the growth headsets should drive the demand for more content. competitive landscape competitors today, several large organizations have, are creating, platforms experience content from home, such nba vr, netflix vr, google's daydream, hbo and youtube name few. this extension their current media delivery platforms, governed the same traditional structure. however, they can source from their existing user base provide these experiences much faster and easier than new entrants. the latter need generate traction, race against time, offer different value proposition competing with these platforms onboard new demographic before they do. differentiation spectiv has several points differentiation with the traditional models. traction sales and support: spectiv can deviate from the use traditional channels organic growth sales. pre-selling sigs, which are used platform credit, the strategy achieve bloomberg, accessed via https://www.bloomberg.com/news/features/--/china-s-virtual-reality-market-will-beworth---billion-and-everyone-wants-a-piece forbes, accessed via https://www.forbes.com/sites/paularmstrongtech////just-how-big-is-the-virtual-reality-marketand-where-is-it-going-next/#dfcde note that "pre-selling" this context refers the act selling product and services prior offering for sale directly from the spectiv site. this should not confused with the "pre-sale" terminology used initial coin offerings (ico), which generally relate the period prior public sale tokens coins. whitepaper abstract introduction the problem signal token spectiv roadmap financial team conclusion legal version traction quickly from supporters globally. they may turn into advocates spectiv choosing support the growth content, advertising, and viewership and act mouth-piece for spectiv. hence, the commercialization aspect the business achieved the end the sig sale. this can then quickly make spectiv viable competitor other platforms that are achieving traction organically from current user base. security and overheads: adopting user-controlled wallet, the ability introduce systemic security risk greatly reduced. any reward transactions (transfers) for activities the platform amongst users can done from one user controlled wallet another. this reduces the computation intensity from spectiv this handled smart contract transactions the [ethereum] blockchain. smart contracts: integrating the front-end spectiv platform with smart contracts backbone, all transactions are still available users independently whether not spectiv experiences technical issues. new possibilities: the results points through above, that new possibilities are created streamlining the process connecting advertisers, publishers, curators and viewers frictionless manner. this means that they have more control over their activities without intermediary broker between. roadmap whitepaper abstract introduction the problem version hire additional developers bring two full-time platform developers and additional solidity developer. develop and release signal token protocol the initial token contract for the signal token protocol will written, audited, and ready for the sig sale. release spectiv platform alpha deg-video upload deg-video viewing for mobile/desktop user account hosting/dashboard channel management one deg-video livestream event hosted spectiv user-to-user signal token reward/tip functionality secure content contributions with existing enthusiasts drive content contributions the platform from users around the world. launch sig token the official signal token crowdsale will held december th, optimize and update signal token protocol major focus abuse-mitigating mechanisms. integrate signal token advertising protocol into spectiv platform build primary spectiv user base and support/incentivize user-driven contributions update spectiv platform gather feedback and resolve kinks found alpha release spectiv alpha open discussions licensing deals and partnerships with commercial organizations for spectiv live streaming. signal token spectiv roadmap financial team conclusion legal whitepaper abstract introduction the problem version signal token spectiv update spectiv platform gather feedback and resolve kinks found alpha update signal token advertising protocol based performance alpha develop support for open-source use outside media platforms. release official spectiv beta platform beta-level functionality: deg-video upload, viewing, user accounts, user-generated live streaming, signal token integration for payments, rewards, tipping, and campaign smart contract engagements (test ads). apply final-round updates signal token protocol and open integration/optimization outside media platforms make pointed efforts establish wide selection experiences focusing specifically varied user-driven content and popular commercial events. contingent meeting all milestone expectations begin plans for spectiv original content. official launch spectiv platform and online marketing campaign roadmap financial team conclusion legal financial aspects spectiv enterprise whitepaper abstract introduction the problem signal token spectiv roadmap financial team conclusion legal version preface additional documentations this general business document ("gbd") one two documents that make the full sale documentation prospective purchasers. the other document the token product disclosure statement ("tpds") containing the relevant detailed particulars importance for the prospective purchasers. this gbd contains some elements overlapping with the content the tpds. the tpds more focused document specifically detailing token mechanism and risk analysis for those wanting know more about the token sale process. presales spectiv conducted its first presale during the end august. the purchase amount received was performed pursuant know your customer ("kyc") process and audited the global accounting affiliate firm baker tilly (mauritius). the summary audit letter attached the notes section this document. during this process the amount eth, btc, and usd received were follows: eth btc usd $,. governance token sales revenue participants should confident that payments made for sigs are directly attributed benefits the platform and the provision better and more exciting experiences. with that said, have established assurances and transparency policies that will directly govern the revenues received through the token sale. spectiv ltd (mauritius) spectiv ltd acts the issuing entity for tokens for purchasers, except residents the usa. spectiv ltd shall entity focused and responsible for the community management and the administration efforts ensure supporters' voices are heard. spectiv llc (usa) spectiv llc acts the issuing entity for tokens for purchasers from the usa that meet the classification "accredited investors" under the securities act spectiv llc shall the operational headquarters for the spectiv company. spectiv llc will responsible produce the relevant software component the platform (and under understanding between spectiv ltd (mauritius) will also responsible produce the smart contract component that addresses issuance for the mauritian entity). will also manage the operational components the global business the spectiv company. whitepaper abstract introduction the problem signal token spectiv roadmap financial team version escrow participants should confident that payments made for sigs are directly attributed benefits the platform and the provision better and more exciting experiences. with that said, the spectiv company has established assurances and transparent policies that will directly govern the revenues received through the token sale. spectiv's first level token sale security will come from the smart contract itself. the second level security via multi-signature for the release revenues. the most fundamental level, are implementing escrow that will oversee the release revenues all revenues will controlled independent actors, follows: conclusion coinvault atm ceo, sheldon weisfeld legal sutton stone ltd spectiv llc revenues received through sale will locked escrow wallet until the spectiv company's audit process has been successfully completed and distributed all purchasers. once sigs have been distributed, escrow actors will able approve the release token revenues usd where they will held either spectiv ltd spectiv llc. the receipt moneys spectiv ltd shall used account for spectiv's mauritian team and the rest transferred spectiv's llc account evenly over two separate disbursements, contingent the achievement predetermined milestones tied the benefit the community. the disbursement schedule outlined here: revenues will transferred immediately following the distribution sigs purchased through sale for payment the smart contract build for the token sale process. this will used cover long-term development and updates for the signal token protocol. these revenues will also support development for the spectiv platform specifically driving exciting, high-quality content the site. minor allocation will used support general business operations and infrastructure setup for the company. revenues will transferred upon launch the beta platform. these revenues will used fuel the next stage token development and expansion. this will include bringing other media platforms build attention economies the signal token protocol using spectiv's use-case data. additionally, these revenues will used optimize the spectiv platform, build user base, and reach licensing agreements with mainstream organizations broadcast popular events. these revenues, amongst other things, shall used support the long-term business operations for spectiv, including development and platform maintenance expenses. revenues shall retained the mauritian entity used for content production, administration the community, global events and the like. the above may change depending operational demands and taxes. whitepaper abstract introduction version use funds the problem signal token spectiv roadmap financial team conclusion legal token/platform marketing sales content licenses payouts for contributors equipment general administrative legal fees token/platform: these revenues will used develop the signal token protocol and spectiv. this includes hiring additional full-time developers, collaborating with other media platforms build the signal token protocol, and supporting operations for spectiv. generally, these revenues are earmarked compensate all personnel and partners involved technical development. marketing sales: these revenues will used raise brand awareness and drive new users the platform. plan begin with very targeted online marketing campaign aimed reaching users who have had some exposure vr. our objective marketing not educate people the possibilities the industry going that its own. our objective take these people who are slowly being exposed it, and present them with simple, welcoming destination for experiences. this gives novice users dedicated but unintimidating platform get started with. revenues allocated for marketing and sales will specifically toward customer acquisition/referral campaigns that help reach this segment users. content licenses: this percentage revenues will set aside for broadcast licensing deals with major organizations. the prices these licenses vary significantly depending the organizations and events. these licenses will help attract organic viewership from outside the space major way. payouts for contributors: percentage revenues will used promote immediate content contributions. will directly pay existing enthusiasts from around the world upload unique content the platform. will also sponsor existing influencers from other streaming platforms contribute their content spectiv vr. important that allocate revenue these efforts because this initial content directly effects early platform engagement. whitepaper abstract introduction the problem signal token spectiv roadmap financial team conclusion legal version equipment: these revenues will used acquire assets. this will include the setups used broadcast live commercial events and camera rigs used record original and partnered content. general administrative: for day-to-day overhead expenses; rent, utilities, travel, etc. legal fees: revenue least will set-aside reserve for legal contingencies. platform rewarded content creators: they will able receive tips and access subscriptions through spectiv. moreover, these users will able earn sigs through campaign smart contracts. verified content creators holding sigs will able deal with sigs their absolute discretion since they are the custodians those tokens. these users will have smooth and robust dashboard account for collections. content creators will have seamless experience whether not they are familiar with blockchain cryptocurrencies. may offer content creators the ability through basic verification process order qualify for conversion usd. appcoin: they will allowed redeem sigs for premium content, monthly memberships, tip/subscribe their favorite content contributors. the spectiv company aims implement new user sign-up campaign that will credit sigs and send complimentary phone-compatible cardboard headset limited number new users who sign spectiv. our objective give viewers immediate experience with the gamified tipping process well basic means begin enjoying content instantly. curators: engage with campaign, curators must deploy sigs through specific video they would like share. this action generates unique url for that video which directly associated the curator. all attention driven through this link monitored and analyzed track engagement levels (views/clicks/sales/etc.). this attention data communicates with the smart contract, which then releases sigs the curator through if-then triggers; "x" traffic driven through the link, then the curator receives "y" sigs curators will incentivized share the best quality content that they consider most relevant their specific followership, maintain follower interest (just like with any other content they signal). this means that attention seekers will exposed tailored content, more likely pique their interest. whitepaper abstract introduction the problem signal token spectiv roadmap financial team version broadcasting: revenue models for these licensed partners will vary depending the nature the broadcasting agreement. oftentimes organizations will have network that users must subscribe for content access, and sometimes they will operate pay-per-view basis. spectiv will facilitate both revenue models and also adapt other more nuanced arrangements. spectiv may also implement and oversee on-site broadcasting systems ensure viewers the greatest possible streaming quality and experience. spectiv will uphold the highest standard service for viewers and such openly welcomes all quality assurances from the organizations represent. conclusion legal team members whitepaper abstract introduction the problem signal token spectiv roadmap financial team conclusion legal version executive team the spectiv company dylan senter ceo dylan accomplished entrepreneur who has founded multiple businesses over the past several years. currently co-founder with sensytec, smart materials technology startup that has received over r&d funding date. also experienced e-commerce expert, operating his own amazon storefront (supersenter) that generated >$, sales for his entrepreneurial achievements earned him honors and scholarship from the texas business hall fame his specialties are business development, marketing, and growth strategies. nick ravanbakhsh coo nick has double major accounting and entrepreneurship from the university houston. the cfo sensytec and competed with dylan senter several business plan competitions across the nation. together they won place competitions and placed several others. addition the work does with sensytec, also cofounded effortless online solutions, digital development agency with chris pena, our chief technology. nick passionate virtual reality and blockchain enthusiast versed sales, finance, economics, and emerging technologies. chris pena chief technology development chris highly-regarded programming expert, proficient most coding languages. best known for his youtube channel, dev coffee, where live-codes apps and teaches programming through in-depth video tutorials. the ceo and head programmer effortless online solutions, firm providing app development and design services. most recently, has been working platform for energy accounting and technology solutions under his independent firm, rise services. chris has been active the technology scene since was child and has passion for keeping with and utilizing cutting-edge technology. has developed several commercial softwares and has experience managing teams. chris has accumulated subscribers his programming youtube channel, part-time around his personal work. ramon hernandez developer ramon has bachelor fine arts with focus graphic design. has done work for several local organizations houston through his independent design firm, rfhgraphics. his experience design, ui/ux, branding, and packaging. ramon remarkably talented artist with unique interest the operations side the projects designs. bryn bellomy ethereum developer bryn experienced full-stack developer and entrepreneur, currently holding the title chief technology officer listenonrepeat, popular music discovery and curation service. the companies founded previously have focused wide range technologies, from real-time video processing mobile applications audio synthesis and music production tools. addition his experience with media tech, has profound passion for the cryptocurrency space and excited find the confluence these two interests spectiv. whitepaper abstract introduction the problem signal token spectiv roadmap financial team conclusion legal version justin wood platform developer justin has degree art and technology from the university texas dallas and has experience creating and sculpting models for games, film, and print. through his passion for new technologies, art, design, and making products that people enjoy, justin gained avid interest front-end programming very early. this soon turned into absolute passion for full-stack development and dedicated career programming. currently lead developer rise services, where working alongside chris pena create new platform for energy industry accounting. jasmine nguyen developer jasmine creative, engaging, full stack developer with passion for front-end development and design. she specializes designing seamless user experiences and intuitive platform functionalities. more than anything, jasmine has keen ability see through the "new users" perspective, understand what takes retain those users, and translate that into technical front-end objectives. jasmine coder camps graduate. mirza baig director strategic planning mirza has finance degree from the university houston, where was vice president corporate relations for the investment banking scholars club and placed first the oil and gas valuation competition. knowledgeable energy trading, investment banking, and strategic management and has work experience investment management merrill lynch and most recently business development aig. advisory team the spectiv company adam richard co-founder volt markets sutton stone founder houston bitcoin meetup adam force multiplier with broad spectrum experience. the co- founder ceo volt markets (boost and plug and play alumnus), co-founder partner sutton stone, founder the houston bitcoin meetup, co-founder the houston ethereum meetup, and previously co-founder metal networks, inc. (surge accelerator alumnus) (-time winner rice university software start-up competitions). adam has been cto, cpo, software project manager, start- advisor/mentor, branding manager, web developer, designer, graphic designer, photographer cinematographer. james duchenne co-founder volt markets sutton stone representative for the investment board mauritius james attorney, engineer, financial architect, and entrepreneurial thinker. honorary representative for the investment board mauritius, co-founder volt markets (boost and plug and play alumnus), and managing partner sutton stone. james has experience various fields, from bitcoin and decentralized consensus systems, technology, mineral mining, waste management, logistics, marketing, loyalty engagement products capital investments. loves working together with teams find creative solutions for any kind project. whitepaper abstract introduction the problem signal token spectiv roadmap financial team conclusion legal version sheldon weisfeld founder coinvault atm sheldon the founder coinvault atm, enterprise providing state the art atms that allow terminal access cash buy sell transactions for the digital cryptocurrency customer interested bitcoin. seasoned entrepreneur and business development guru, well-versed creating long-term value within organizations and seizing market opportunities. sheldon prominent figure the bitcoin community and has been interviewed several crypto events. contributors ned scott founder steemit ned gave insight into his experience with steemit's steem token. talking ned helped hone the economic behaviors and attention dynamics that will drive spectiv's signal token. ned not actively advising for spectiv, but our meetings with him helped shape our direction for the signal token protocol. joe urgo founder districtx joe was one the most important early advisors who assisted fleshing out the signal token model. through conversations with joe, learned more about the nuances and existing problems faced online attention markets. determined that these attention economies would benefit greatly from transparency and decentralization. this sparked the inspiration for build out the signal token protocol and act primary adopter for through the spectiv platform. joe not actively advising the spectiv company. conclusion and notes spectiv platform that enables users and organizations across the globe stream unique content. viewers can discover, share and experience the full capabilities the comfort their homes. this document describes the business case for the spectiv company and its platform, spectiv, and part one three the set documents prepared for the sig token sale event. whitepaper abstract introduction the problem signal token spectiv roadmap financial team conclusion legal version features community driven spectiv enables ordinary users stream any personal experiences with their own equipment. this content can range from professionally produced casually recorded uploads. commercial events live streams will address sporting events, concerts, and more from premium seat proximities for truly engaging perspective. this enables viewers not only watch popular events, but fully immersed the atmosphere remotely. spectiv originalstm original content produced spectiv, voted the community. spectiv users have say what they want experience. the players advertisers advertisers are the driving force this market vertical; that is, they are the purchasers attention. publishers publishers are the producers attention. publishing quality contributions, they drive audiences view their media content. viewers the viewers are the "commodity", providing the raw attention that advertisers value. curators curators are the influencers attention and share content with their unique audience engaged viewers. the spectiv approach the industry period significant growth. with its token sale, spectiv aims commercialize the business content dissemination. spectiv uses smart contract architecture that allows users the custodian their tokens. this reduces the impact security breaches the spectiv platform. also allows spectiv users engage with the relevant persons via the spectiv platform. the spectiv company's ultimate goal become the foundational layer for connecting and transacting rewards between advertisers, publishers, curators and viewers across variety platforms, the first which spectiv. whitepaper abstract introduction the problem signal token spectiv roadmap financial team conclusion legal version additional notes: tokenization issuance model the cryptocurrency field new and often abused, appreciate the fact that transparency important and that there need protect our users. for this reason, have done the utmost self-regulate the absence regulatory clarity; and distinguish ourselves from the significant amounts noise and misleading actors the space. some may consider this overkill, but the spectiv company believes going beyond what generally seen the industry and setting standard for transparency and accountability. further, the spectiv company believes the cryptocurrency and blockchain industry and there help along manner that strengthens while weeding out those that are only interested abusing it. corporate sig issuance structure the spectiv company aims have two teams opposite sides the world, one the republic mauritius and the other the usa. this will allow spectiv company the ability work -hour rotation cycle are conscious the fact that the blockchain and cryptocurrency world never sleeps and global phenomenon. addition, regulatory sandbox license being sought under the mauritian sandbox regulatory scheme for the issuance sigs all purchasers, except residents the united states america. the structure the sale follows: citizens, residents the united states america for persons living the united states, spectiv llc will only sell purchasers that have met the securities exchange commission (sec's) accredited investor status pursuant rule regulation the securities act although spectiv llc not issuing securities (sigs are utilitarian and used within spectiv and other similar platforms), seeks ensure that those purchasing sigs are deemed have level comfort making token purchases using the test that the authorities prescribed for the identification what deems "sophisticated" persons. for this, the spectiv company chose the sec's definition "accredited investors". the spectiv company respectful this classification although has some ideological differences with the foundational basis for the same. further, spectiv llc does not wish introduce non-sophisticated persons this young industry, there risk that leads them purchase other tokens because the hype significant returns surrounding the initial coin offerings ("ico") movement. spectiv llc understands that this may temporary situation before clarity and guidance obtained from the authorities, but for now with the current state affairs with icos, prefers accept "classification" persons, which seems acceptable authorities, and therefore its residents. everyone else, except the united states america whitepaper abstract introduction the problem signal token spectiv roadmap financial team conclusion legal version blockchain and cryptocurrency global from day one, and welcome those jurisdictions that not claim extraterritorial jurisdictions over the actions their residents participate freely the purchase sigs. these sigs will issued from spectiv ltd the republic mauritius, country, which working towards creating ethereum and blockchain island. proceeds breakdown sheet historicals presale: completed (august september th) auditors: baker tilly (mauritius) additional personnel: platform developers, solidity developer, external cfo development salaries associated with spectiv platform alpha payments content creators for initial platform media conference and exhibition schedule sponsorships marketing efforts drive awareness for token sale public sale level $,, develop signal token traffic data analytics system for decentralized campaigns develop robust video uploading backend hosting support legal costs associated company formation and crowdsale structure operating expenses (g&a, data hosting, salaries, etc.) payment for independent content creators port existing content spectiv platform level $,, actively pursue partnerships with sports and entertainment organizations enter partnerships with professional producers contribute new content launch targeted marketing and promotion campaign reach new users expand equipment compatibilities (oculus rift, htc vive, etc.) level $,, support greater data hosting bandwidth accommodate for more content develop full commercial event and user-to-user live stream functionality integrate system for interactive embedded virtual reality advertising through spectiv broadcasting deals for major live events sports and entertainment launch new user sign-up campaign: sigs credit cardboard headset for limited number new users level $,, reserve capital for future data hosting and additional hiring needs global marketing efforts promote community-driven contributions support spectiv original content; production equipment team legal disclaimer whitepaper abstract introduction the problem signal token spectiv roadmap financial team conclusion legal version this paper whitepaper issued spectiv company. this notice applies each recipient this paper. this notice may altered updated. spectiv does not have obligation amend, modify update this paper (including this notice) otherwise notify recipient thereof the event that any matter stated herein, any opinion, forward-looking statement set forth herein, changes subsequently becomes inaccurate. this paper does not constitute any relations between the recipient this paper and spectiv. spectiv tokens are not intended constitute securities any jurisdiction. this paper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort, and not intended constitute offer for securitievs solicitation for investment securities spectiv any related associated company any jurisdiction. this paper for information purposes only. the contents this paper are not financial promotion. none the information analyses presented are intended form the basis for any investment decision, and specific recommendations are intended. therefore, none the contents this paper serves invitation inducement engage any sort investment activity. this paper outlines the current and future developments spectiv, which will exclusively licensed spectiv. unless expressly specified otherwise, the products and innovations set out this paper are currently under development and are not currently deployment. spectiv makes warranties representations the successful development implementation such technologies and innovation, achievement any other activities noted the paper, and disclaims any warranties implied law otherwise. the information this white paper given good faith, but warranties, guarantees representations are made spectiv with regard the accuracy, completeness suitability the information presented. certain statements, estimates and information contained this paper constitute forward-looking statements information. such forward-looking statements information involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties which may cause actual events results differ materially from the estimates the results implied expressed such forwardlooking statements. neither spectiv nor its advisors have independently verified any the information, including forward-looking statements, contained this paper. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this paper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this paper does not imply that the applicable, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. nor should this paper, any part form the basis of, relied upon any connection with, any contract commitment whatsoever. spectiv expressly disclaims any and all responsibility for any direct consequential loss damage any kind whatsoever (whether foreseeable not) arising directly indirectly from: (i) reliance any information contained this paper any information which made available connection with any further enquiries, (ii) any error, omission inaccuracy any such information, (iii) any action resulting therefrom, (iv) usage acquisition products. this disclaimer applies notwithstanding any negligence, default lack care. this paper not directed to, intended for distribution use by, any person entity who citizen resident located any state, country other jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availability use would contrary law regulation. the manner distributing this paper may restricted law regulation certain states, countries jurisdictions. persons into whose possession this paper may come are required inform themselves about and observe such restrictions. accessing this paper, recipient hereof agrees bound the foregoing limitations. whitepaper abstract introduction the problem signal token spectiv united states spectiv llc gray level houston (name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, agent for service) roadmap (global industry classification standard) financial f/n (secretary state delaware) team (i.r.s. employer identification no.) conclusion legal version republic mauritius spectiv ltd floor, cyber tower ebene, republic mauritius baker tilly (mauritius) attention: mr. sin li, managing partner (name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, agent for service) (global industry classification standard) **** (issuing authority) sandbox application date: october versioning control version: sr. spectiv, llc. collaboration with: sutton stone, llc (c) sutton stone llc. all rights reserved. gray level houston, usa floor, cyber tower ebene, republic mauritius edificio china civil plaza, andar m&n, macao