spend.com product guide legal disclaimers this spend product guide designed for informational purposes only. before reading this product guide you agree the following disclaimers below: representation warranties. nothing this product guide shall deemed constitute prospectus any sort solicitation for investment, nor does it, any way, pertain offering solicitation buy any securities any jurisdiction. the document not composed accordance with, and not subject to, laws regulations any jurisdiction. neither spend, any its representatives, make any guarantees and/or warranties about the services and all services are provided as-is. investment advice. nothing published by, republished from, spend any its subsidiaries should interpreted investment advice. information provided for educational and informational purposes only. spend way providing trading investment advice. please consult with your appropriate licensed professional before making any financial transactions. spend does not intend express financial, legal, tax, any other advice, and any conclusions drawn from statements made by, on, spend shall not deemed constitute advice any jurisdiction. terms conditions. prior using any the spend services you must read and agree all terms use which may found the mobile application and https://spend.com/terms-of-use which includes binding arbitration. trademarks copyrights. any logos brand names used this product guide belong their respective corporations. spend does not make any claims ownership representations any trademarks copyrights used here that not belong spend its affiliated entities. product summary spend digital wallet application that includes fiat and blockchain-based currency platform enabling users access digital banking where they can buy, sell, spend, exchange, manage, and use all supported currencies. the spend wallet paired with the spend card, visa co-branded card, that gives users the ability use their funds over million locations worldwide. spend.com offers number other products and services outlined this product guide. our product line includes: spend wallet secure digital wallet used store, spend, send, and receive currencies. users are able buy, sell, manage and pay with their cryptocurrencies well. included the spend wallet our lend spend product that allows users get loans directly within the application where available. the spend wallet makes easy for clients able manage their funds and spend visa card. spend card visa card connected the client's spend wallet that allows the user shop over million locations worldwide. the spend card available countries and growing. spend pay spend pay utilizes the spend authorization engine, proprietary real time conversion system, give users and merchants the ability accept/pay with cryptocurrencies foreign currencies converted fiat either the spend card spend wallet application directly point-of-sale. spend business commercial-based api and software development kit (sdk) designed for businesses and merchants whom want create powerful applications top our platform. are introducing this "banking-as-a-service" alongside wide array other business products that our clients can take advantage help get their product market quickly. spend business was designed meet all financial services needs. these services will cater both fiat and crypto based businesses giving them ultimate bridge they choose utilize it. businesses will able build their own custom solution using our infrastructure create white label based products well. spend coin decentralized digital currency that currently operates the ethereum network which used access services the spend ecosystem products, may used currency over million locations worldwide, and rewards point for our spend card holders. spendcoin has variety other utility well. product details spend wallet spend wallet multi-currency digital application that enables secure connection our network via any smart mobile device. the user's spend wallet allows them connect and utilize their spend card, access currency exchange/interchange features, manage all their digital assets, buy/sell digital assets, learn about various digital currencies, and more. users are also able obtain loans and buy digital gift cards all from the app. the spend wallet gives users dynamic portal with access directly through the spend app. select regions users can even open bank account, such the us, directly within the app. users the are able open digital bank account where the usd deposits are fdic insured through our banking relationships. users can fund their wallets and accounts through conventional transfer methods such ach wires. the first step creating global account download/access the spend app which available the apple ios app store and google play store. once the user has accessed the spend app they will input basic information setup his/her account. after the user has created account, multi-currency wallet will automatically created that can host and funded with fiat digital based currencies full banking interfaced product. the private keys that are connected the spend wallet account holders will stored securely via industry aes encryption standard and assets will stored via industry approved hot cold storage solution method. however, spend keeps user assets hot wallets and maintains it's own reserves for hot wallets. these funds will secure from theft/hackers giving our users peace mind knowing our system utilizes the highest standard certification. security while maintaining pci-dss level once the user has their assets the spend wallet, they can securely stored, transferred spent via the spend app the spend card. the user has the ability select which currency enable the default transactional currency and has the option change this any time through the spend app. within the spend app users will able control their spend card enabling users lock/unlock the card, track their card shipment, verify their identity, upgrade their tiers, exchange/interchange currencies, buy/ sell digital assets, view stats/data various digital assets, conversion digital assets fiat real time spend, and much more. spend card the spend card enables our clients access their funds, whether fiat currency digital currency, over million locations worldwide thanks operating the visa network. enabling blockchain systems for our users has great deal benefits. depending the users region the spend card may equipped with emv chip both emv chip and visa paywave which nfc based card that can tap'n'pay where accepted. spend card holders also have access cash atm's all over the world. spend cards come physical, virtual, digital form. the user has the choice, where available, select which version the spend card they want. also support apple pay and google pay well verification select regions. users are able choose from select visa cards, spend essential (blue), spend preferred (gray), spend black (black). spend essential our introductory card for users get basic access our spending capabilities our ecosystem. spend preffered designed for frequent shoppers with higher level features and benefits. spend black our elite card for the user who want the spend card their primary choice payment. spend black comes metal option well where available. spend pay spend pay leverages the spend authorization engine enable real time foreign currency and digital currency/asset conversions local legal tender via the spend card and/or spend wallet. spend pay enables the spend wallet for cross-chain communication for instant off-chain settlement any supported digital currency forex conversion needed //. running spend pay, spend has the ability give our merchants and users the tools needed accept spend digital currency/assets in-store and offline while enabling them choose whether they want keep their payment the original form the digital asset used convert real-time market value fiat. using spend pay makes all digital assets and currencies convertible local legal tender all from the spend wallet. the local legal tender then instantly loaded via our spend authorization engine the spend card. client benefits spend pay allows the spend app any digital currency wallet become gateway designed facilitate payment merchant running the protocol. integrating multi-platform friendly sdks any merchant can begin accepting digital currencies immediately. opening this channel merchants can now target whole new class business and savings. bridging this gap enables instant payments powered blockchains. merchant benefits enabling blockchain systems for merchant has great deal benefits. blockchains offer practical solutions merchants two major aspects; cost and fraud. accepting payment via blockchain currency asset se- riously reduces the number fraud possibilities enforcing non-editable public ledger that verifies the transactions decentralized manner making impossible forge. virtue design this automatically creates board- erless payments due the decentralized infrastructure these currencies. typical merchant fees charged merchants for processing credit cards can range from depending on, but not limited to, type risk, region, and processing volume. enabling blockchain based payments merchants eliminate all additional processes typically performed the current financial payment protocols offered. merchants can see upward savings processing through spend pay than traditional merchant services accounts. spend pay flow streamlined authorization, clearing settlement customer presents their app merchant pos for payment any cryptocurrency supported the app requests the current conversion rate for the customer's desired cryptocurrency and submits blockchain transaction one-time authorization code real time authorizes the transaction the merchant's pos terminal, then pushes fiat funds the merchant's bank account. the customer's purchase complete. spend business the spend software development kit (sdk) and commercial api lirary that allows businesses build powerful customizable application top our current infrastructure. for example, the business wants create their own digital currency, digital wallet, transfer system, identity verification platform, and white label prepaid card, they can right within our apis without the need knowledge the cores. trusting spend handle all the backend work, give library api's that allows our clients integrate into any application build one from scratch. clients have dedicated support and technical manager ensure smooth process. giving these tools and api library developers businesses they are now able execute wide array calls. they will have the ability create custom wallet with currencies that they want support whether it's virtual currency, fiat, asset all these can stored through our sdk and leverage the spend authorization engine. the client can issue their own white label based prepaid card connect the wallet they are building have the ability utilize our proprietary conversion engine make these currencies spendable point sale. business can build payment protocols and money transfer services all through few api calls for fiat and virtual currency assets. utilizing spend sdk the user gets access user crm management system ran entirely through the blockchain and the cloud. the user will have the ability run kyc/aml checks these users instantly and manage these conditions all from backend portal. these are just few the main features the spend sdk. are constantly improving and developing the sdk meet the needs businesses worldwide. more information may found spend.com/business lend spend the lend spend program designed give users the ability obtain both secured and unsecured prime loans directly from the spend wallet application. users are able apply for unsecured prime loan they are qualified buyer and approved underwriter. spend licensed lender select regions/states. users are also able get instant secured loans utilizing their blockchain assets without actually having sell the asset, giving them access funds that they can use credit their spend visa card their spend wallet. wallet users will able take collateralized short-term loan against their favorite blockchain asset like bitcoin ethereum. our system allows you take loan-to-market-value (ltvmv) against your digital asset. loan origination fees are the loan amount which may discounted paid spendcoins. spend preferred and spend black members who have active spendcoin locked can enjoy rates low non-members memberships with unlocked spendcoin can enjoy rates low loan terms range from days year with pre-payment penalty fees. spendcoin spendcoin was created the spend foundation act membership reward and access digital currency the spend ecosystem products. spendcoin has wide array current functions the spend platform. spendcoins today may used utility token for: spend card membership convert fiat locations worldwide use towards spend business sdk services redeem towards fees with discounts use collateral for loan purchase instant digital gift cards use payment method spend pay shop spend vip membership enhanced referral rewards spend vip spend vip exclusive membership rewards program designed for our spend preferred and spend black members. this program gives additional rewards back percentages top retailers when using spend visa card. proof-of-purchase membership rewards spend membership participants are automatically enrolled our proof-of- purchase membership rewards program. this enables user earn back all qualifying card purchases made via the spend wallet and spend card. utilizing blockchain technology users are able receive comprehensive rewards program that's generated directly from the network. rewards back! conclusion believe that blockchain technologies will soon complement the current payment infrastructure all know worldwide. traditional payment instruments will look this protocol way for efficiency, ease, and global accessibility. however, the technical and operational complexity properly managing the instruments that run off this technology will have most companies seek intermediary service platform handle the hurdles. these services must designed where can't compromise the core principles security, data protection, compliance, and the choice freedom for the user use their preferred payment method instrument. the spend ecosystem products have been tailored around the mission solve the complexity and broad reach requirements currently needed run full scale multi-currency consumer and merchant platform. eliminate the challenges for everyday consumers have access global wallet that can act their bank account with the benefits connected prepaid debit card and virtual currency capabilities. give decentralized portal for merchants have control their business needs. these features are all accessible users worldwide. spend.com and its suite products will give the user all-in-one platform that the user will trust manage and spend their funds and assets. creating digital global commerce our goal and achieve with the spend.com product line. follow social media and add our website your favorites stay up-to-date all things spend! spend.com blog.spend.com facebook.com/spendcard twitter.com/spendcard instagram.com/spendcard reddit.com/r/spend medium.com/spend github.com/spend t.me/spendchat t.me/spendnews linkedin.com/company/spend-inc (c) spend.com