whitepaper www.sphere.social table contents purpose ................................................................................................................. problem .................................................................................................................. the current method marketing diminishes potential profits and misses the mark solution ................................................................................................................. redefining the way businesses interact with potential consumer utilizing innovative block-chain contracts. use integrated sales/marketing tools opportunity ........................................................................................................ consumers' demands for better privacy and data protections has created demand for service that puts control, profits, and privacy controls back into the hands consumers history repeated: markets that actively stifle innovation are subject major disruption through advancements tech utilizing decentralized social environment, sphere able increase total value spread across the entire consumer-seller marketplace about sat ............................................................................................................. sphere network advantages .......................................................................... established product ........................................................................................ strategy ............................................................................................................... marketplace ........................................................................................................ www.sphere.social page platform ...................................................................................................... transparency ................................................................................................... user growth ................................................................................................... marketplace anticipation .......................................................................... ico details ......................................................................................................... distribution funds ................................................................................... roadmap ............................................................................................................. www.sphere.social page purpose become the largest and most trusted decentralized social network the world. problem your social network, your online activity, and even your online presence are billion dollar industry curated the very companies you trust guard your privacy. don't you think you should entitled portion the riches made off your data? do! and believe it's finally time stand these companies and take back the internet! these large tech companies have created image friendly and gentle corporations simply wishing provide valuable service people for other reason than altruism. however, every new day new advancement takes place, new device, new feature. how could that possible for companies that don't charge dime use their services? it's simple: those companies are leveraging your data bargaining chip and selling off the highest bidder fund their operations. and with every click your mouse you continue put more and more money into their pockets. www.sphere.social page why should they profit off something that was never theirs begin with? the truth they shouldn't. sphere has the answer! sphere was built the idea that privacy, company transparency, and data security should the fundamental building blocks every social platform. believe that the millions those corporations are making off your data doesn't belong them, belongs you. want help you take back the control and have say about your data. we've created decentralized social network, separate from those corporations, that allows exactly that. you have say, you get compensated, and above all you take back the power with every click and every social connection. more than simply connecting, truly discover... help break apart their greedy system and disrupt their billion dollar industry joining the digital revolution today! www.sphere.social page the current method marketing diminishes potential profits and misses the mark while the advertising industry boasts rather large value considering the aforementioned facts, estimated billion some accounts, the system fact very much broken. and there nowhere the blame for the broken system falls more heavily than the main advertisers that propagate the failed method while slowing advancements and innovation. instead, these large companies focus their efforts ineffective processes that have guarantee efficacy while still charging businesses large sums simply access the consumers' data they hoard and hide. this leads the death growth, the stifling innovation, and stands the way progress. www.sphere.social page solution since its early inception, social media has quickly gone from simple novelty used only keep friends updated and included our daily lives becoming growing source entertainment, news, and community. and nearly three billion people now utilize social media some shape form, its impact life cannot denied. from those nearly billion active users, volumes upon volumes data are generated, saved, and often sold the highest bidder. essentially selling people's personalities, secrets, and lives corporations that utilize that information create targeted campaigns. and this happens every moment every day. sphere aims change that and redefine how social media interacts within our lives. gone the large collection centralized servers that are vulnerable hacking, storing troves sensitive data used companies see fit. their place, more transparent, honest, and open blockchain format that allows every user hold sphere accountable for data. sphere built upon the main principles privacy and security undeniable right, giving each user unprecedented protection and security and allowing you connect with everyone you know safely, and most importantly, securely. more than just social network sphere much more than another simple addition into the growing line social media networks available. the beginning digital revolution. www.sphere.social page aptly named social activity tokens, sats for short: this brand new form cryptocurrency can used for wide variety uses and can even utilized fund grass roots campaigns and movements, allowing them reach more people and larger audiences. celebrate the launch and welcome the coming digital revolution, sphere holding open offering all those ready join something special and different. this special occasion, only available now, will set the precedent for the entire value the sats. and once it's over, more sat tokens will ever produced. you are ready part something special and ready take the power back, join the digital revolution. redefining the way businesses interact with potential consumers utilizing innovative block-chain contracts through the advent the internet, businesses found more convenient and direct way target consumers with campaigns. however, are about enter the fourth decade utilizing interconnected system computers engage with the world large, the ways which advertisers reach their targeted audiences have not undergone much innovation during those long years. soon email became popular way communicate with others, saw the emergence new phenomenon: targeted e-mail campaigns reach and inform potential consumers. though even then, unsolicited email campaigns quickly garnered distaste while quickly earning not endearing title spam junk mail. became quite apparent that consumers treated the unsolicited messages much the way they treated unsolicited advertisements sent via the postal system. www.sphere.social page yet despite public perception the technique and the low performance such campaigns, many advertisers still utilize the method, charging unrealistic rates for such failing procedures. has been estimated that nearly half all "views, clicks," other indicators viewed campaigns never even reach potential consumer. yet businesses still elect quite frankly waste funds that could allocated towards more effective means marketing instead this outdated and unwanted form advertisement. the same facts and performance apply similar methods advertising taking place off the internet well. the unfortunate truth that many businesses are wasting precious capital, profits, and funds attempting reach potential clients inefficient manner. the inefficiency these methods strikes much deeper and causes many more problems than simply lost profits and wasted efforts. the entire process undermines the experience between consumers and businesses. see that consumers are less likely respond the constant barrage unwanted advertisements while businesses are forced increase prices compensate for the loss profits. both parties gain nothing from the entire experience and businesses only further run the risk alienating consumers with the higher price points needing recoup the money wasted advertising. the only party that has anything gain from the experience the advertisers themselves who charge companies exorbitant amounts for the privilege possibly reaching consumers. direct response this ever-expanding problem, sphere has set out reduce the need for such intermediaries while increasing companies' ability directly reach their desired target audience. www.sphere.social page utilizing sphere's innovative method allowing businesses target consumers directly, both sides stand gain. the consumers' side, see increase privacy their browsing habits are longer sold the highest bidder for the potential earn profits for the very same browsing data. companies benefit from truly knowing that their marketing campaigns are reaching their desired audience more effectively, cutting down the cost marketing. opportunity consumers' demand for better privacy and data protection has created demand for service that puts control, profit, and privacy back into the hands the consumers. are poised for yet another great disruption marketing and advertising. the old and increasingly ineffective method advertising will come end. the old way will replaced the next waves innovation. the forefront the wave, sphere has positioned itself ready disrupt the old process. will create more transparent and open methods for conducting business today's global market. sphere's innovative technology creates scalable, anonymous, and secure social network utilizing large amounts data while still ensuring privacy. www.sphere.social page consumers' demand for better privacy and data protection has created demand for service that puts control, profits, and privacy controls back into the hands consumers this increase demand for more secure and private internet has fueled not only consumer reactions towards services that not respect privacy but has also become the driving force for legislation and policy making across the world regarding consumer data. the itself has passed policy that aims control the rampant misuse consumer data, forcing companies move forward with consumer data protection built into their business models. though the value privacy highly regarded, the actionable value consumer data has not been ignored; simply needs better way being transferred between agreeing parties. this where block-chain distribution method comes directly into play allows for the transfer this vital, and valuable, data while still protecting the users' privacy. the growing demand and emerging policies regarding consumer privacy have begun push the need for large scale transfer method that still respects the rights consumers. www.sphere.social page history repeated: markets that actively stifle innovation are subject major disruption through advancements tech there way discount how closely linked marketing and business have been since people first began trading goods and services. and advancements technology have continued push the effectiveness marketing throughout the years, there has been continuous process innovation new methods and the death dated processes. whether was the advent the yellow pages, the creation large scale social networks the internet, today's modern landing pages, the process death and replacement has remained constant. sit poised the cusp yet another great disruption within marketing the old and increasingly ineffective method advertising comes end, about replaced the next wave innovation. for much innovation and progress have witnessed through the advent social media and more effective search engine algorithms, the very core the principles applied remain dated. but history has shown time and time again, that dated model about replaced more efficient and effective model, that model being the new and innovative block-chain distribution method. www.sphere.social page the forefront the wave, sphere has positioned itself ready disrupt the old process introducing new way ensure mutually beneficial marketing all parties located throughout the entire consumer-buyer chain. the process, sphere will create more transparent and open method for conducting business today's global market. positioned the precipice this change, sphere's innovative tech creates scalable, anonymous, and secure social network engine utilizing large amounts gathered data while still ensuring privacy. utilizing decentralized social environment, sphere able increase total value spread across the entire consumer-seller marketplace... longer are there vanguards standing the way innovation, charging fees for access data they misappropriate from consumers, practice that not only dated but stifles the growth smaller companies who are unable afford the often unnecessarily high costs reaching consumers. instead, sphere creates common environment which businesses, both big and small, can directly reach their targeted access while ensuring funds are not wasted the process. this common marketplace, the value data not determined simply views clicks now, but instead the actionable effect has conversions. the value the innovative environment does not simply only extend businesses; also reaches consumers who are able leverage the value their data for lower prices and other monetary gains without having sacrifice their right privacy. www.sphere.social page social activity token (sat) token sat what can with sat? in-system tokens used consumers addition the benefits laid out this paper, sphere introducing innovative incentive program for consumers using tokens. these social activity tokens are used throughout the system order facilitate transactions within the social network put the power back into your hands sat tokens are crafted such way that the entire process secure yet transparent. this process leads greater sense trust within the system www.sphere.social page about sat sat digital currency designed used within sphere new, private, and secure social media platform that offers integrated, decentralized market, complete with its own advertising platform. sphere network advantages have strategic plan that puts our users and token holders first. have segregated cloud server environment that safeguarded using cutting edge security systems. will offer superior user experience and superior customer support for the users our ecosystem. our team designs the system for scalability. offer anonymous transactions globally. because not transact with banking institutions, not require verification. everything done using digital currency. have experienced and capable team that can manage complex technologies and business challenges. www.sphere.social page established product the sphere social network incorporates modern technologies that secure the most popular features used today's social networks. have experienced team and product that already built. our team has many years experience designing systems that are secure and capable managing high volumes. the sphere platform can currently found the internet, well the google play store and ios app store. strategy through the invention the internet, businesses found more convenient way targeting consumers with campaigns. are about enter the fourth decade using computer networks, the ways which advertisers reach their targeted audiences have not undergone much innovation. despite the poor results, many advertisers still use the old methods advertise their products. businesses still elect waste funds that could allocated towards more effective marketing. www.sphere.social page the unfortunate truth that many businesses are wasting precious funds reach potential clients. the entire process undermines the experience between consumers and businesses. see consumers who are less likely respond the constant barrage unwanted advertisement. both parties gain nothing from the entire experience. direct response this ever expanding problem, sphere has set out reduce the need for such intermediaries while increasing companies' ability directly reach their desired target audience. using sphere's innovative decentralized social network allows businesses target consumers directly, and both sides stand gain. the consumers' side, see increase privacy their browsing habits are longer sold the highest bidder. companies benefit from knowing that their marketing campaigns reach their desired audience more effectively, cutting down marketing costs companies benefit from knowing that their marketing campaigns reach their desired audience more effectively, cutting down marketing costs. www.sphere.social page marketplace the sphere social platform contains important e-commerce features. the marketplace will allow users create products which followers and friends can see and purchase using their sat. for example: say you want sell your phone; all you need take photos the phone, and list with title, description, and asking price. location optional. you can control access the listing either public. any user who wants buy your phone can click the purchase button. when transaction occurs, sat tokens are sent from that buyer's wallet your wallet with delays complications. platform sphere has plans for creating fully functional advertising portal. the advertising portal will allow users create pieces that will displayed the sphere news feed. advertising space will paid for using sat tokens. there will per-click and perimpression options, with costs deducted automatically from the advertisers' web wallets. www.sphere.social page transparency sphere will safeguard user privacy and avoid the misuse community data. when there need for additional development, everything will first presented the community. sphere's goal the social platform where data owned the users. the community drives the network picture this: decentralized social media platform that stores multimedia and other data secured blockchain rather than traditional servers. www.sphere.social page user growth sphere social's plan allow our users sell their data their own terms, much little they wish. intend make use this system our growth strategy; expect able achieve rapid growth incentivizing users submit their data. will work spur further growth with referral program encourage existing users invite their friends. instead aggregating data unanimously and indiscriminately, the opt-in data sharing system will allow both users and advertisers more accurate and pleasant means communicating market demographics, product placement, the issuance goods and services, and etc. for example, user wishes opt monetize their data order identify better crypto deals the users who are selling crypto would have buy the information the first user provides they want sell that user's specific demographic. everyone who opts the system would then have incentive share their data because they would not only paid for their information but will offered (provided there supply the market) whatever goods and services the advertisers are providing. the chart above uses data estimates that are extrapolated based our live data collected from the october january www.sphere.social page pessimistic outlook: get less than users single quarter, totaling more users the end average outlook: continue getting users per quarter, totaling users the end optimistic outlook: gain least users per quarter, totaling users the end marketplace anticipation have observed many our users testing out the shops- creating, customizing, submitting, and deleting them. these are all positive signs future active marketplace. based data gathered from october january have over thousand users the sphere social app. this the amount activity the app that time: number users number blogs number photos number videos number discussion topics number groups number events number currently submitted stores www.sphere.social page ico details sat crowdsale name token: social activity token symbol: sat token standard: erc standard decimals: role token: utility token. use for purchase goods and services social media platform total supply: ,,, sat available token for sale: supply) emission: all unsold and unallocated tokens will destroyed, and additional release tokens will not possible period sale: february utc april utc cost sat: softcap/minimum goal: million softcap goal reached hardcap/maximum goal: million accepted currencies: ethereum, bitcoin, litecoin, dogecoin, fiat www.sphere.social page distribution funds token distribution overview total available tokens will made accessible buyers through the ico. we've reserved all tokens for our team and advisory staff. another will reserved for the social network development. will reserved for the company. budget allocation overview the budget outlined below presumes scenario where our minimum cap million has been reached. additional funds raised after the minimum cap will used add additional features the application, api development, research, marketing and overall growth the platform. funds raised from the ico will distributed follows: application development: marketing promotion: company: legal: security: www.sphere.social page roadmap www.sphere.social page about sphere join our upcoming ico sphere the new generation social network. part sphere's historic initial coin offering being the first the world hold social activity tokens. are creating decentralized social network, separate from those corporations. you have say, you get compensated, and above all you take back the power with every click and every social connection. sphere social ltd limited company incorporated united kingdom registered office: kemp house, city road london, united kingdom, ecv presale and ico terms conditions referral program terms and conditions