whitepaper eng what vps? currently, there are many different options available with regard web hosting. the two main options before user are the shared hosting and the vps hosting types. vps stands for virtual private server. server with its own copy operating system and allocated resources, running within bigger server. virtual private servers allow you store all files and data for your website environment that has been configured look and feel like standalone dedicated server. let's consider the difference between the shared and vps hosting bit more detailed way. shared hosting like you are living together with some other people. means that all you split the cost the rent and some other things among you, all this affordable and cheap. however, several individuals sharing the same space means everyone needs fit the room available and have their resources restricted. you also will have use the same things (does not sound too hygienic). there are many users who prefer use shared hosting services for the simple reason that affordable and usually easy manage. hosting service providers will take care the server maintenance, the web owners only need focus their sites. however, shared resources sometimes can bring sudden problems. for example, single website gets overloaded, this will affect the performance other websites hosted together with it, until the hosting company resolves the issue. vps hosting like you are living apartment complex. means that other people are living the same building, but you have your own secure apartment. you will get more room and much fewer restrictions. also means that your neighbour misbehaving, the problem owner building, not yours. similarly, the case vps, there are several users the same server but they are isolated from each other. means that one will affected how much resources someone else using. you will get the speed and security you need without compromise. almost perfect scenario because you will get the benefits private server with shared cost services. one the first examples partitioning single server appear multiple servers was the launch vmware esx server afterwards, the idea became increasingly popular and its practical implementation has progressed through years. advantages using vps the name implies, the very essence vps hosting virtual. virtualization technology the means which one powerful service divided into multiple virtual servers. you look upon like you have one piece physical hardware that functions separate servers. the physical server typically runs hypervisor which tasked with creating, releasing, and managing the resources "guest" operating systems, virtual machines. even though the physical server shared, there the element privacy with services. the virtual server you are using will reserved only for you. you won't have share your cpu, ram any other data. vps runs its own copy operating system, and customers may have superuserlevel access that operating system instance, they can install almost any software that runs that os. for many purposes they are functionally equivalent dedicated physical server, and being software-defined, are able much more easily created and configured. they are priced much lower than equivalent physical server. vps hosting the perfect balance price, performance, security, affordability, and privacy. some the amazing benefits you will get: reasonable cost services quick server setup better server access with more control private environment similar level services with dedicated server vps hosting offers total and complete freedom. free manage your server you like, you have access everything and you can install all the software you need. hosting vps secure. all your files are private and inaccessible other clients regardless their rights the server. hosting vps very efficient. unlike shared hosting, the vps not dependent traffic audience. you have your own resources and you are isolated from other servers. how choose vps provider? reliability. check how much uptime your host guarantees. look for host that offers very minimum, although ideally, i'd rather with someone who offers .%. live customer support. customer support should make break deal with any sort service provider. your vps host needs least some form all-day, everyday support. can via live chat ticketing system, but customers always need feel the host has their back. cost. keep your mind the sort assets that you require when seeking host. you might overpaying for the resources you will never use. always try compare similar configurations available from different providers order get the optimal price. vps servers and cryptocurrencies the most important thing for average crypto user that ownership vps gives you one more dedicated addresses. therefore, the server can used serve network node bitcoin any altcoin. masternode coins this especially important, since masternodes require dedicated and uptime, well excellent network connectivity, which hard impossible have home environments. and masternodes bring passive income their operators. so, having reliable, fast, and cost-efficient vps hosting hand crucial the described matters. common problems with vps services theory, vps hosting great way have the services dedicated server but without the cost associated with it. however, there can some disadvantages issues. from financial point view, vps more expensive than shared hosting. for sites activities that not need dedicated hosting service, the cost may prohibitive. while vps not expensive dedicated, also typically lot more expensive than shared. from operational point, there another source issues, which significant number poor-quality service providers. some web hosts don't allocate the resources appropriately. for example, they can oversell the disk space, hoping that each account the physical server will not use its resources the limit. however, they do, may cause server issues that will affect all other sites the server. there are some other issues you may encounter the service provider not good. slow ticket responses. especially budget hosts, staff members are usually not paid well and aren't "it will dealt with soon." unacceptable downtime. the control panel. some aren't bad, but some are totally useless. budget host, you're likely stuck with the useless one. solutions offer have analysed the benefits and failures great variety vps service providers the market. the result this research has allowed work out development strategy for the spider vps project that would beneficial all participants its ecosystem! hardware. needless say, our datacentres will hold only certified equipment from world-famous brands order ensure top performance and reduce downtime the least possible extent. staff. only specialists with several years intense experience managing network software and hardware will allowed pass the job interview for spider vps services. customer-oriented. friendly and helpful client support service using the most popular channels (website chat, telegram, whatsapp, etc) provide you with solutions the possible issues you might encounter. profit making. background the project late spring two slovakia residents tomas horak and george voinescu had idea create their own reliable vps datacenter. the name spider vps came from the fact that tomas has hobby breeding exotic spiders home. the partners created business plan and took loan purchase the necessary equipment and rent suitable building. september tomas told his close friend dean connery (netherlands), who has been fan cryptocurrencies since about the project. dean suggested daring but very promising idea integrate the vps hosting with cryptocurrency and create their own means payment for the services provided. after several hours vigorous skype discussion, the idea was accepted. soon, rian keegan, paul donegan and emma timmons were introduced the team and active development the project started. currently, are performing equipment installation the datacenter and going through legal issues. automation and blockchain integration software being developed and smart contracts are being designed order provide hosting services legal entities. spider coin the spider coin (spdr) was created payment means for the services the spider vps project. but more than that also solid investment asset. the practical use case will give spdr market supports against severe price dumps, coins will bought out the users spider vps. therefore, running masternode staking spdr will generate you passive income and/or the funds use our services! imagine that you can host the masternodes all your coins vps you can pay for with one these coins! the initial investment likely paid off multiple times quickly. and case you don't have much money spare, the spdr coin has hybrid consensus type you can mine it! the blocks spdr are generated using pow and pos simultaneously. while the pow rewards miners, the pos rewards are divided between the operating masternodes and coin holders. the pow/pos reward ratio dynamic and changes through time. the carefully elaborated economic basis helps maintain balance the interests both miners and investors the long run. the proof-of-work (pow) concept means that the participants cryptocurrency network must solve complex cryptographic problems order generate (mine) valid blocks added the blockchain. commonly, the difficulty these problems automatically regulated the number blocks added the chain almost the same the daily scale, regardless the computing power the whole network miners. the proof-of-stake consensus also uses cryptographic calculations generate blocks. however, its difficulty determined not the total amount operations per second performed all operating hardware (such gpus) pow, but the total amount coins locked for staking. this greatly reduces the environmental impact cryptocurrency, the required amount electric power for pos negligible compared pow. however, both types consensus have their advantages and drawbacks. spider coin uses pow and pos order give benefits miners and coin holders altogether. masternode coin network node that performs specific functions and requires certain deposit coins operational. for their service functions (e.g. the broadcast instant transactions), masternodes are getting paid portion block reward. therefore, masternode can viewed investment instrument. spdr masternode owners receive passive income which can either sold exchange, used pay for spider vps services, stake coins and even create more masternodes get more profit! provide extra transparency operation spider vps services and make them suitable for use with legal entities, will develop and implement smart contracts the spider coin code. smart contract computer code running top blockchain containing set rules under which the parties agree interact with each other. and when the predefined rules are met, the agreement automatically enforced. the smart contract code facilitates, verifies, and enforces the negotiation performance agreement transaction. the simplest form decentralized automation. example. suppose you rent apartment and make pre-payment cryptocurrency. you get receipt which recorded the virtual contract; the owner gives you the digital entry key which comes you date specified the contract. the key doesn't come time, the blockchain releases refund. the key sent before the rental date, the function holds both the key from you and the rental payment from the owner until the specified date. the system works the if-then premise and witnessed hundreds people, you can expect faultless delivery. the owner gives you the key, sure paid. you send certain amount funds, you receive the key. the document automatically cancelled after the defined time, and the code cannot interfered either the parties without the other one knowing since all participants are simultaneously alerted. technical specifications ticker: spdr algorithm: phi consensus: hybrid pow+pos block time: seconds rpc-port: port: anti-instamine: first blocks masternode collater: from block) masternode activation: block pos minimum stake age: hour transaction confirmations: maturity: confirmations total supply: premine: reward table premine distribution spider vps team tomas horak, slovakia back-end developer the leader the project, one the founders spider datacenter. has devoted almost all his life and programming related things. tomas enjoys jogging the morning and nurtures some exotic pets home tarantula and black widow spiders. george voinescu, slovakia lead engineer co-founder the datacenter project. has long worked the head technical department large electronics service center. can't survive for long without his soldering tools and good mug beer. dean connery, netherlands marketing the main ambassador spider social networks and messengers. head project development netherlands. innate biker. paul donegan, germany blockchain developer c++ and low-level programming guru, paul has strong belief the future blockchain technologies. his hobby mountain skiing. rian keegan, netherlands front-end developer rian has been professional javascript developer since his student years. has serious crush lawn tennis, and his beloved wife well. emma timmons, netherlands design management the inspiration goddes our team. live generator ideas and designer business processes. she raising two little daughters. summary the spider vps project not just hosting platform and crypto coin. community oriented project with goal give its every member the opportunity make profit together. the spider career program includes the forming the support team the spider platform from the experienced community members. the more you know the higher support level you can work at. our training courses will help those with yet limited skills but with great enthusiasm advance and earn more.