whitepaper ver spin protocol spinprotocol.io table contents introduction abstract vision background e-commerce market overview influencer marketing trends problems the market disturbance intermediaries transparency rewarding transaction data the vulnerability current evaluation social influence the absence technical supports for social sellers solutions the cost efficiency eliminating intermediaries the transparent rewards based trusted transaction data the technical supports for the convenient d-commerce operation the smart contract prevent fraudulent actions market participants spin protocol directly connecting suppliers influencers open network ecosystem components --. participants contributors --. spin indicators spin token s.fame --. technical components spin protocol architecture spin protocol service flow --. spin protocol service flow --. supplier influencer r/s agreement process spin protocol --. spin protocol dashboard --. collection sales activity and purchase data influencer --. targeted marketing with customer data influencer business expansion strategy --. spin protocol's strategy for gathering ecosystem participants --. strategic steps ---. reverse opposite direct purchase (odp) service womanstalk ---. global expansion --. completion the spin ecosystem with influencer independent shops spin protocol use case s-fame: influencer evaluation system the technology spin protocol spin protocol architecture --. core layer --. d-commerce layer --. application layer --. block diagram data flow spin data architecture --. core data on-blockchain data --. reference data large-scaled, frequently-generated data --. spin protocol data ownership: public private spin protocol configuration and technical specifications token economy spin s-fame token and "proof fame" token flow token rewards --. influencer reward --. csp reward ecosystem reserve --. customer reward token economy strategy risk management spin protocol spin protocol governance structure system verification user report audit business compliance stage collaboration with cracle factory co., ltd (womanstalk) stage independent foundation roadmap comprehensive roadmap token sale token allocation use funds project team advisor project team member advisor partnership womanstalk first partner development partners business partners (supplier influencer) legal disclaimers cautionary note forward-looking statements risk and uncertainties representations and warranties you anti-money laundering law(aml) adversa language governing law and dispute resolution spin protocol introduction abstract spin protocol decentralized commerce ecosystem that directly connects suppliers and influencers using blockchain technology. e-commerce business remains highly promising with the expected market size trillion however, the critical problems have detected the sector. conventional e-commerce conglomerates have been exerting monopolistic power, causing inefficiency and disadvantages for market players. suppliers suffer from excessive commissions, unreasonable requests for price discount, and inefficient marketing/pr expenses. consumers, ironically, have limited access product information due excessive promotional contents, which are easily manipulated. response such defects the traditional e-commerce model, influencer marketing has emerged. unlike the product information provided conventional e-commerce services, influencer-generated contents contain user voices and deliver their unique viewpoints, thus perceived more reliable and practical everyday customers. suppliers have shifted from conventional marketing influencer marketing utilize such advantages reach target audience. recent years, influencers have become alternative yet powerful marketing channel for suppliers. also, influencers who have significant number audience social media now utilize their social media sales channel, directly selling products their followers. however, simple and convenient sounds, current influencer marketing also has its weakness. first, there are issues caused intermediaries for both suppliers and influencers. for example, agencies connecting influencers suppliers ask excessive fees for both parties. the cost even higher for suppliers: they need pay not only the commission but also overly-priced fees for contents source and casting once connected one. transparency another problem. for example, accurate conversion rates over marketing campaign and assessment data influencer's sales performance next impossible. also, the reliability influencer often questioned due the widespread practice acquiring fake followers and/or fake activities. the other hand, for influencers, difficult guarantee fair rewards and earn constant profits from the marketing campaigns they participate in. aim solve these problems utilizing blockchain technology and start new era decentralized commerce ("d-commerce"). plan achieve this goal eliminating any intermediaries that hinder the transparent and fair market plays and providing technical supports operate commerce business easily for independent influencers. retail e-commerce sales worldwide from (c) statista spin protocol vision spin protocol's six core values are: globalization, open participation, fair distribution, transparency, direct relationship, and true reputation. based the above six core values, plan fulfill the following goals. anyone should able participate spin protocol ecosystem member. all suppliers should have chances connect with global customers. should establish reliable commerce ecosystem for the participants. should support transparent matching system and systemized agreement system for better influencer commerce industry. qualified goods should provided reasonable price for customers. should maximize profits each participants and contributors. should ensure the transparency transaction data using blockchain technology. spin protocol will the new commerce standard eliminating unreasonable interventions current global e-commerce platforms, and providing the opportunities for suppliers meet global influencers directly. spin protocol background e-commerce market overview market size e-commerce industry one the fastest-growing markets. the global e-commerce market size from expected increase annually. the $.t market forecasted reach $.t and $.t the estimated number online shoppers over million. the growth online shopping and cross-border e-commerce cross-border e-commerce has evolved cagr from the asia pacific region, one spin protocol's target regions, particularly accounted for the market from regardless geographical index, more and more customers are purchasing products online long they are better quality lower price. retail e-commerce sales worldwide from (c) statista cms connected, "the state cross-border ecommerce" spin protocol influencer marketing trends fastest-growing online customer-acquisition method rapidly growing influencer marketing despite the growth e-commerce market, the limited access product information online has brought the rise influencer marketing which delivers personal, customer view product story and information. creating promotional contents native recommendation format, unlike conventional advertising campaign one-way communication, influencers get the power motivate their followers/fans/ friends the purchase decision-making process. their followers turn into loyal customer certain product potential customer. result, the influencer marketing was rated the fastest-growing channel for online customer acquisition marketing professionals beating organic search, paid search and email marketing. influencer marketing especially effective generate word mouth. users social media love 'like' and 'share,' spreading engaging and creative materials. particularly, trustworthy review product from already-known personality gains immediate engagements because the influencer has built sense familiarity with the followers ready-to-share mode. discovering the power influencer marketing, many suppliers have chosen collaborate with influencers promote their products, especially for new product launch. order introduce new product customers, leveraging influencer's network highly effective expand marketing reach and establish product trust. instagram, which has over business accounts, great example. among all its users, discover new products the service, more than follow least one business account, and more than visit the website ultimately purchase product posted. influencer marketing study (c) tomoson instagram data, mar (c) instagram instagram data, nov (c) instagram spin protocol can seen the chart above, the global spendings influencer marketing, which was usd $m. expected grow usd suppliers have been consistenly increasing their budgets for influencer market and are realizing the value social influencers new sales channel. mediakix, "the influencer marketing industry global spend $-$ billion market spin protocol problems despite the rise influencer marketing alternative solution for the traditional e-commerce industry, there are two threats witnessed for suppliers: the interventions intermediaries and unpredictable performance expectations without transparent data. addition, the absence technical support for commerce operation limits further growth their business from influencers indi-sellers. the market disturbance intermediaries currently, variety intermediary costs are required the process supplier-influencer sales collaboration. suppliers have physical limit finding and contacting right target influencers fit into the nature their target product. they normally ask third-party marketing agencies connect the target influencers. this process causes unnecessary intermediary fees for both suppliers and influencers, which usually account for the total influencer marketing costs. even direct contact with the influencer often considered the next step against the agent commissions also requires costs for searching and casting. this very time-and-resourceconsuming work for the supplier, limiting the opportunities work with variety influencers similar interests. despite the growing demands for influencer marketing, such promotions become longer beneficial suppliers the cost-efficiency wise, which could limit the market growth. spin protocol transparency rewarding transaction data setting the right pricing for influencers controversial due the absence the assessment tool estimate their sales influence before the campaign begins. for suppliers, the influence means the power sales directly link the influencer's performance. influencers, however, prove their market influence only the number followers, likes, and comments. these are possibly but not necessarily relevant factors sales performance. there transparent data show the actual transactions influencer marketing. suppliers now have set influencer marketing budgets and goals increase revenue blind without objective return investment (roi) data the influencers. wonder the accurate marketing performance measurement prediction difficult; the right pricing. most influencer marketing agencies also simply display standard pricing table for their influential contents creators based their impression indicators. sometimes pricing for mega-influencers way too high regardless their promotional capacity. the other hand, micro-influencers having specific niche audiences are often less compensated for their promotional campaigns sales although resulting better sales conversion than the megainfluencers do. hence, inevitably important track and share the accurate transaction data influencer's activity. because the accuracy, suppliers and influencers can make data-driven smart contract for r/s*. r/s stands for the sharing customer-generated sales revenue between suppliers and influencers. influencers suppliers are paid according thier r/s agreement only when the actual payment from customer made purchase the product from responsible influencer. there's transaction occurred, the influencers and suppliers will not get any income token rewards. the vulnerability current evaluation social influence spin protocol the premise behind influencer marketing that suppliers pay big money people with loads followers social media for them promote products. the more followers influencers have, the more they can charge suppliers for social media post. for influencer, the total following matters more than anything else. this results one major flaw influencer marketing: fake followers. sometimes influencers buy couple thousand followers boast their influence start making money. some them even rely fake bots increase their following. even celebrities have amassed over fake subscribers. despite the fraudulent and bot followers, suppliers still have pay influencers for over views youtube. it's obviously not good for suppliers paying massive amount money for fraudulent posts and autonomous accounts. the transparent system for the influencer performance measurement, both qualitatively and quantitatively, needed more than anytime. then only trusted influencers should get paid fairly depending their actual power sales conversion, making the marketplace originally productive. the absence technical supports for social sellers social sellers are usually struggling with technical difficulties, such payment system, customer service, order management, shipping, and other operation challenges. most social influencers ask their customers for bank account information due their technical challenges payment system incompatible their social media channel. customers face inconvenient experience for making payments. customer inquiries through comments direct messages are also one the factors for inefficient customer service (cs) operation. some influencers run their own shop independently, but finding and sourcing profitable niche products challenging for individual, especially for small and novice indi-seller. even getting preferred product from suppliers, they need pay high commission fee. delivery service also big burden for individual content creator having less experience and expertise commerce business. without technical commerce operational supports, becoming professional seller not easy for influencers. http://leaderswest.com////infographic-how-harmful-are-fake-followers-for-realsies/ wired magazine, "how buy friends and influence people facebook" spin protocol solutions spin protocol fair d-commerce engine that enhances the participant-driven and transparent ecosystem without any intermediaries. this done archiving and utilizing all transaction and user behavior data. spin protocol also enables influencers become indi-seller easily providing the operation commerce support. the cost efficiency eliminating intermediaries spin protocol's objective reduce excessive commission and unnecessary additional cost associated with intermediaries between suppliers and influencers. presented the to-be model, suppliers and influencers can make direct agreement promotional product selection and revenue share. registering product simply great trigger for suppliers initiate active discussions with influencers across globe because the influencers may already have strong intention participate the ecosystem. depending their interest, influencers can select preferred product sell among the registered products. once suppliers and influencers have fairly agreed r/s, influencers can start promotional activities such creating social contents. the suggested ratio r/s based the proof fame and transparent transaction data verifying the influencers' actual sales conversion performance. suppliers only share their revenue when influencers actually contribute the sales. allows suppliers save gratuitous cost finding the relevant and efficient influencer through intermediary agents. likewise, influencers achieve fair and clear compensation solely upon their performance. spin protocol the transparent rewards based trusted transaction data spin protocol verifies and measures the true sales power influencers number and allows all participants access the data. unlike other influencer marketing agencies delivering limited and irrelevant data such the number total followers, views, comments, and likes, spin protocol provides the transparent sales-based data. the data includes influencer's main promotional product category, conversion rate, and customer insight, such demographic statistics, interesting niches, and purchase frequency. enables suppliers establish effective marketing strategy and determine the appropriate r/s ratio with influencers. thanks the trusted sales data, suppliers can prevent the fake followers and easily find the right influencer who has better fit with the promotional product. influencers can also select product properly checking the credibility suppliers and the attractiveness products through the product list suppliers and its sales records. above all, the verification progress for the transparent compensation will improve the quality influencer contents and registered products that spin protocol will enhance the customer shopping experience, forming healthy ecosystem. the technical supports for the convenient d-commerce operation discussed previously, influencers are likely become indi-sellers sourcing and selling products their own but struggling with variety technical operation problems. this even tough for mega-influencers used selling products their social media channels. spin protocol can solve the inconvenience commerce operation and give opportunities for anyone become indi-seller easily. influencers can open their own shop directly through the commerce service providers (csps) spin protocol. the csp receives products from suppliers and provides them the influencers. the csp supplier who has registered products assist the influencers with the issue payment, shipping, and c/s, influencers can concentrate monetizing their fame through promotional campaign moving away from the operational time-consuming tasks and difficulties. spin protocol the smart contract prevent fraudulent actions after deal open smart contract, any core transaction data recorded blockchain cannot forged modified under any circumstances. thus customer sales data secured during the process transactions. suppliers may tempted adjust the price the product quantity the open deal. some influencers may also misrepresent product information, intentionally accidentally, gain more engagements and lift sales. is, however, impossible falsify the sales-related data recorded the blockchain. this means suppliers cannot arbitrarily adjust the price and quantity products sale, and all participants can check influencers make false publicity. while critical sales data stored blockchain enhance the transparency transaction and reliability product information, rich data such product image, influencer activities and purchase transaction details will stored off-chain increase efficiency on-chain transactions. spin protocol spin protocol directly connecting suppliers influencers open network through spin protocol: suppliers and influencers promote and sell their products globally. suppliers and influences are directly connected. customers purchase products based reliable information. suppliers register product information deal unit. spin protocol dashboard, suppliers and influencers can reach the r/s agreement reviewing the dashboard data. influencers share social contents and execute sales plan through their shops spin protocol. spin token collected from suppliers when they register products, and used maintain and operate the ecosystem. spin protocol ecosystem components d-commerce blockchain-based influencer marketing blockchain-based commerce project name spin protocol patron adhive indahash elysian bezop quarkchain project category middleware middleware middleware main net middleware dapp dapp token name format spin utility pat utility adh utility idh erc ely erc bez erc qkc erc main beneficiary influencer, customer influencer influencer, community influencers, audience community members customers customers supplier brand support commerce operation /transaction support customer relations support initial project category video commerce influencer marketing software influencer /media marketing platform company ecommerce platform cyber security company core data transaction user behavior smart contract video engagement demography transaction &user behavior transaction user behavior data transaction data tps capacity data smart contract core component mutual revenue sharing agreement exclusive ambassador contract target audience influencer customer matching algorithm transaction contract strong buyer protection techniques evm (ethereum virtual machine) payment compatibility token fiat token token fiat token fiat token token token high high low high business scalability spin protocol high low middle --. participants contributors influencer individual company with external social media account. return for sales promotional activities, influencers receive share sales revenue with spin tokens. influencers must submit data such the follower number and personal. website/social media channel participate spin protocol ecosystem. such data will shared spin protocol dashboard. influencers either send request for deal supplier accept the deal sent from supplier. influencers choose commerce service provider (csp) based the platform fee, ui, and supports. :influencers use url link their csp store sell products. supplier spin protocol, suppliers can select influencers and send request for sales promotion. register their products, suppliers need pay product registration fee spin corporation commerce service provider (csp) provides interface for purchase, fiat payment, and customer support. csp encouraged provide customer-friendly environment with lower payment fee increase the preference and selection influencers. csp has make payment token access the service. the csp sets the amount fee wishes receive. the internal currency exchange system csp supports both token and fiat transactions. customer customers make payment with fiat tokens purchase products spin protocol system. transaction made the token not charged with payment fee whereas fiat transactions are. thus, customers can buy products lower price paying the token. plus, customer paying with tokens receives token rewards. spin corporation supports the overall operation spin protocol. dispute resolution: until the full activation spin protocol, spin corporation will charge dispute resolutions. dashboard: creates and manages the dashboard for the effective influencer-supplier matching and smooth product registration. database: stores data such images and large files that are too heavy stored the blockchain. partnership: manages partnership with reliable logistics companies and payment gateways (pgs) prevent the abuse and distortion data. spin protocol --. spin indicators: spin token s.fame spin the utility token used within spin protocol. can used for purchase, r/s between participants, and bonus. this also tradable into fiat any exchanges where spin listed. s.fame (influencer performance index) sales performance index influencers. the level influencer's activity the ecosystem and provided suppliers the dashboard. indicates influencer's level influence and credibility. --. technical components smart contract system the system supports the smart contract process for sales r/s agreement between supplier and influencer. actual performance information such sales revenue and conversion rate disclosed the dashboard assist the agreement settlement. data layer data layer stores data such supplier information, product information, influencer reputation, consumer purchasing behavior, consumer preference, and global purchasing data nation. activity data suppliers, influencers, and customers will provided participants for marketing and sales purposes. refer section for more detailed information. spin protocol spin protocol architecture spin protocol service flow there are three major processes spin protocol: activate deals product registration suppliers, product selection influencers, r/s agreement the two collect sales data transaction data collection, sales contents data collection, user behavior data collection distribute tokens and revenue r/s for suppliers and influencers, token rewards for each participants and contributors the detailed process presented the following. spin protocol --. spin protocol service flow --. supplier influencer r/s agreement process spin protocol --. spin protocol dashboard spin protocol dashboard, suppliers and influencers can view crucial information about products and sales history. disclosing information transparently, two parties are able make fair consensus r/s. for the supplier, the list influencers provided with their performance data such s.fame level, the accumulated spin tokens the latest half year, sales and target reach. based the information, the supplier can select the preferred influencer and request the promotion their product. [supplier's dashboard during consensus process] [influencer's dashboard during consensus process] spin protocol the influencer accepts the reproposed r/s ratio goes through consensus process propose r/s ratio again. the higher the attractiveness product is, the lower r/s ratio the influencer might suggest order increase the probability the consensus achievement, and vice versa. once the r/s agreement made, the influencer will begin promoting and selling the product. --. collection sales activity and purchase data influencer after r/s agreement made with the supplier, the influencer creates contents and promotes products the personal shop social media. for accurate tracking influencers' sales activity, link generated for every product. this link shared influencers' social media and leads customers sales page. sales profit distributed according r/s. sales record will stored the data layer and transaction data will recorded the block data such sales performance, advertisement index, characteristics main targets and user behavior collected and mined. this data provided suppliers while some this data charged fee. suppliers can search for influencers with customer pool that best matches their core target consumers. spin corporation forms partnership with csp and influencers integrate, accumulate, and process data. though such data provided participants the ecosystem, part this data will disclosed only those who pay tokens. collected tokens will later used cover the operation cost. spin protocol --. targeted marketing with customer data influencer currently, possible perform big data analysis integrating purchase records and behavior data customers, both which are scattered individual influencer unit platform unit within spin protocol operation system. also possible provide influencers with recommendation service that optimized for targeted products certain targets. when influencer starts sales activities, customers' activity data such number impressions, clicks, shopping carts, and their purchases per activity period, well sales performance data and conversion rate data can all tracked down the system. addition, since possible confirm the purchasing tendency the customer who influenced the influencer's sales activity performance index, possible predict the target group and the product group with high purchase conversion rate for each influencer. spin protocol other words, suppliers can utilize limited marketing budgets and time periods based accurate sales performance data influencers. this one significant difference from the other influencer marketing platforms. addition sales turnaround, expanding the pool potential customers through each influencer possible. business expansion strategy --. spin protocol's strategy for gathering ecosystem participants spin protocol aims create decentralized ecosystem composed influencers, suppliers and csps (commerce service providers). participants spin protocol's commerce ecosystem would able collaborate and provide each other's needs. follow spin protocol participant asset table below. commerce service providers (csp) participants suppliers influencers influencer groups commerce groups needs branding revenue products selling revenue products marketing solution influencer suppliers spin corporation suppliers influencers represented the figure above, each participant member has different needs for influencer commerce operation. suppliers need group influencers promote their products and lift sales. influencers need variety promotional products well technical commerce operational supports run their own shops. commerce service providers (csps), which are divided into two types: commerce groups and influencer groups, need strong marketing impact and technical commerce operational supports respectively. connecting and supporting each participant with different needs within spin protocol ecosystem, spin protocol aims form worldwide decentralized and collaborative commerce ecosystem. our ultimate goal empower influencers build and run their own shops within spin protocol ecosystem without massive traffics and helps from csps. spin protocol order achieve this goal, s.fame, influencer evaluation system spin dashboard, will play important role developing ecosystem with sufficient customer pool. influencers will evaluated based their sales performance and frequency activities, and spin protocol will primarily provide independent online shop for each influencer with the higher level s.fame. influencers with the high level s.fame can then swiftly attract the wide variety customers the spin ecosystem. addition, spin protocol aims expand the ecosystem providing technical commerce operational supports for each influencer that each can grow achieve higher level s.fame. with spin protocol's support, more independent influencers will develop their capabilities for strong performance, potentially become the next csp partners spin protocol. spin protocol's business strategy can distinguished followed two main stages. the total scale csps the total scale influencers' independent shops the total scale csps the total scale influencers' independent shops the early stage the ecosystem, like the stage (), when the total scale csps expected bigger than the total scale influencers' independent shops, spin protocol will support influencers expand their subscriber pool providing various supplier products. womanstalk, korea's first video commerce and spin protocol's first csp partner, will support the process r/s agreement between suppliers and influencers along with assisting influencers with providing various supplier products. expected that the number influencers with higher level s.fame will increase more r/s agreements between influencers and suppliers occur. accordingly, technical support for building independent online shops that work decentralized applications also expected grow. the general token economy spin will expand the total traffic and revenue the influencers' independent shops get bigger than the ones csps. proceed the stage (), will concentrate gathering and recruiting various suppliers and influencers along with focusing recruiting possible csp participants. for this purpose, propose following strategic steps. spin protocol --. strategic steps ---. reverse opposite direct purchase (odp) service womanstalk creating the reverse odp ecosystem south korea there are various types influencers south korea, mostly focusing field beauty, fashion, food, health diet supplements. gaming industry another one, does but not quite fit the e-commerce industry. mega-influencers with the marketing power big 'wang hong (wang hong nowadays manage their own online shops. with the advent these mega-influencers, influencer marketing industry expected with further substantial growth ahead. most influencers are currently promoting and selling the products through their own social media platforms such blog, instagram, and facebook. big name influencers generate significant amount revenue. however, lack technical commerce operation supports for the e-commerce market players and product diversity turn out the problem. womanstalk cracle factory korea's first csp serving the first commerce service partner spin protocol, womanstalk currently growing fast with more than million mau. order accelerate the process, suppliers across the world from all the categories ranging from beauty, fashion, food and health diet supplements are being gathered. when suppliers register their products womanstalk platform, the products will automatically registered spin protocol ecosystem. partnership with korea's top tier mega-influencers who can lead the spin token economy currently discussing partnership with some other top tier mega-influencers and entertainment companies. recruiting influencers within korea utilizing more than product data recruiting initial influencers based the data analysis the products that are sellable with high selling rate. expecting recruit approximately influencers from october spin protocol global reverse overseas direct purchase (odp) service (korea, china, usa and japan) expected launch international csp version womanstalk. with the global k-beauty wave, the reverse odp service expected expand gradually southeast asian countries well china and japan. womanstalk, the first csp spin protocol, has more than major global korean cosmetic brands. with its strong supplier pool, womanstalk aims recruit more influencers across expanded areas such diet, health, living and food spin protocol. the first target countries are singapore, malaysia, indonesia, and thailand. the second target countries are china and japan. ---. global expansion spin protocol aims expand ecosystem globally recruiting more suppliers and commerce service providers (csps) other countries with the collaboration the local influencers. accomplish this goal, recruiting local influencers becomes key for the success/failure the expansion. accordingly, spin protocol presents two case strategies. case spin protocol could not recruit local influencers. spin protocol will first focus developing csp partnership the basis supplier product pool when recruiting local influencers the stage fails. [k-cosmetic local csp influencer supplier] strategy flow will executed: penetrating the local csp with influential korean cosmetic brands, and then recruiting influencers and suppliers afterward. currently the stage --, spin protocol discussing partnership with local commerce services and influencer agents each country. connecting the local influencers and suppliers will the next step. case spin protocol could not recruit commerce service providers (csps). [k-cosmetic local influencer global womanstalk supplier csp] strategy flow will executed. spin protocol will first focus recruiting local influencers get connected local csps. however, the collaboration with the local influencers fails form partnership with local csps, spin protocol will use the womanstalk platform csp directly recruit local suppliers. participation diverse suppliers and influencers being the key success factor the expansion the ecosystem. korea-based global suppliers spin protocol are expected play crucial role the early stage the ecosystem and consequently, influencers with high growth potential global markets will get involved the ecosystem through early partnership. spin protocol --. completion the spin ecosystem with influencer independent shops the ultimate goal the spin protocol help individuals become influencer and individual seller. the initial stage the ecosystem, some influencers may need csp for driving initial traffic their shops. however, influencers with the high sales performance(aka s.fame level) will receive the comprehensive commerce operational supports from spin protocol run their own shops independently. ecosystem matures over time, influencers will capable attracting enough subscribers and fans themselves without intermediaries. spin protocol aims partner with celebrities and mega-influencers advance set success example individual sellers. the business expansion strategy will executed the early stage the ecosystem building, starting from korea. spin protocol use case spin protocol enables participants solve problems conventional e-commerce and influencer marketing businesses. depending the role each participant, have identified five ways which participants can apply spin protocol their businesses. the case studies for spin protocol system are not limited below contents, and possible there will more use cases they demonstrate their value. influencer despite she doesn't have huge number followers, influencer has loyal and highly-engaging followers who often ask the questions about product information her social media contents. although influencer works through influencer marketing agencies, she couldn't earn significant profits because her time and money she spent creating contents and excessive commision fee for her agency. even such work opportunities with agencies rarely come her the demand for mega-influencers higher. she has considered selling products her social media platform but sourcing profitable niche products and other technical difficulties such payment system, customer service, order management, and shipping are challenging for her, individual micro-influencer. eventually, she made decision join spin protocol providing her with convenient commerce operation supports. first, the influencer completed influencer registration filling out her social media information spin protocol. among the commerce service providers (csps) that seem have large number beauty fashion users, influencer checks and overall operational fees, and then chooses the csp that seems the best for his her independent shop online. spin protocol among the products registered spin protocol, there are some that influencer prefers. those are the newly arrived products from the states. newcomer spin protocol, influencer offers the desired r/s ratio the supplier, referring the r/s ratio proposed spin protocol corporation (spc). after few discussion with the supplier concerning r/s ratio, r/s agreement settled. after the process finished, the product listed influencer a's private shop. influencer receives his her unique url link, and starts product promotion through the url link. influencer directly sells the product through social media, influencer has take care product inquiries, product payment, and product delivery independently. however, now influencer has the technical tools and commerce supports from the csp. influencer now can fully focus the product promotion contents making, which leads producing better quality contents. since influencer fully focuses the product promotion rather than technical commerce operation, sales smoothly, and before the sales deadline, the inventory completed. this enhances influencer a's s.fame index since influencer has the high purchase conversion rate. influencer receives his her part the sales revenue based the agreed r/s ratio the supplier. influencer receives token reward, and the more tokens the influencer receives for the last months, the higher s.fame index level she can get. for influencer her s.fame index level gets higher, she can get better opportunity promote her open independent shop the csp's front page. this enables more users view and visit influencer a's online independent shop without having use the url link her social media contents. therefore, the higher s.fame index level the influencer gets, the better r/s ratio will be. influencer decides keep his her token the spin wallet rather than extract and get the fiat money. influencer checks his her spin dashboard. according the dashboard, among influencer a's female users their 's, most them were interested the skin care products. influencer receives notification that the french skin product she was interested now registered spc. influencer selects the product and offers r/s ratio the supplier, and starts building his her own brand the following content. the number genuine followers increases with influencer a's branding performance. the fame index also increased through this process. the s.fame index rises, not only the products influencer wants sell, but also the suppliers start request product promotion first. the reputation increases, influencer expands his her own sales power, and leads the higher revenue. now, influencer has business goal growing single mall, not remaining private shop within the csp. supplier large cosmetics company korea was offered enter the global market with the its new cosmetics product targeted toward the females their however, since they don't have any global branch offices, hard start the business outside the country due lack manpower and experience for overseas marketing. company tries penetrate southeast asia (sea) market through connecting the local influencers there, gets hard find the appropriate local influencers the local agencies because the language barrier. also, large-scale agencies request large amount the commission fee. company decides register their products spin protocol. spin protocol company creates account the spin protocol corporation (spc) and pays spin token list the information about the new product. soon after, product promotion and sale notification came from local influencers shanghai, chi minh, hong kong, seoul and jakarta. previously, took huge amount resources work and find the appropriate influencers without the help agencies. however, spin procol now taking care most the process. particular, company finds very convenient find the influencers that matches its product brand since the suppliers can check the key sale categories and each influencer's customer characteristics each influencer's dashboard. order find which countries the targeted regional range the product sells the most, company offers the product sale deal one influencer each each country the specific region(ex. southeast asia), all whom has the similar s.fame index level. after the deal offers, company discusses r/s ratio with each influencers. once the agreement made, each influencer sells and promotes the product each local market. the past, there have always been many questions about whether the product was genuinely sold due the influencer's promotion not. was hard actually analyze this because the user data was not fully provided the suppliers. however, the spin protocol, suppliers can check and see the user data the dashboard well the analysis the data: influencer details, sales details, and user details. company expected the number the product sale approximately however, actually sold more than that due the influencer's high quality contents. also beneficial that the company can actually get access all the sale and user data, with which the company can analyze the customers and the market. especially, indonesia, sales performance was the highest, and the company selects some more indonesian influencers offer product sale request. sales turnover gets better than expected once the more influencers start the marketing. based the customer data, male and female customers their are more responsive than those their who were the actual targeted audience for the new product. company decides change the package structure and the product details based the analysis the new customer data. based the data, company contacts k-beauty buyer the local department store, where there large floating population the young generation nearby. buyers already knew the company large cosmetics brand korea. they made additional suggestions how better reflect company b's strengths well local market needs the local product marketing strategy after checking data obtained through spin protocol. company completes package organization and new product details. the company penetrates indonesian market. company suggests more product sale requests the local influencers. more influencers are responding due the fact that the company renewed their marketing strategy and product detailing based the advice from the local buyers. company can receive money krw even though the products were sold abroad. this possible because the token flow the spin protocol. some customers purchase with spin token, which enables the whole token economy. company decides reinvest spin protocol register more products. for the company, convenient complete product sale and promotion simultaneously. spin protocol csp e-commerce group e-commerce platform company one the top brands the online shopping industry korea boasting high level recognition and market power the industry. however, hard increase the profit out the limited product commission fee even the business scale expands. for example, assuming average commission rate marketing costs account for about total sales, which loss the profit the company. order increase the revenue and the business size, the company needs steady influx users, which not easy because the customer acquisition cost (cac) also increasing due the increased competition the e-commerce industry. since users are attracted the cost marketing, the company faces the business risk continuing their revenue loss the long run unless the company attempts increase the organic traffic. expand the organic user pool, the company decided try influencer marketing, only realize that takes high commission fee, and there's also some difficulty measuring the marketing effectiveness. without the independent influencer pool, the company has hard time analyzing its performance since most influencer agency refuse share their user and marketing data. therefore, the company decides register csp order utilize the influencer pool spin protocol. after registering for spin protocol, the company interlinks spin api its own platform. once the suppliers register products spc, the products are also being automatically registered the platform the company. also, separate account within the service account provided for private shops influencers. order attract influencers, the company develops additional optimized the platform. after completing the development, the company sets slightly more competitive platform usage fee than the other csps, given that the company has relatively better quality and the other operational functions. with the increasing csp selection rate, more influencers are now choosing the csp they wish work with, and the number followers each influencer service also increases. spin enables each csp utilize the structure that increases the total traffic each platform through the influencer performance. the users entering through the influencers' performance now becomes the customers the csp platform. the s.fame index level each influencer gets higher, the company provides better deal listing opportunities the influencers. while supporting these high-level influencers with strong sales power, the csp company can promote its own brand well. ultimately, this results the expansion the overall user pool. the whole idea branding support and overall user traffic growth attracts more influencers into the platform. virtuous circle structure total organic traffic and total sales growing together circle. the influx foreign influencers also possible enabling the global expansion the company the future. spin also supports csp's overseas shipping system and payment support system through global logistics and partners. csp influencer group the influencer marketing agency company relies the intermediary commission fee for the influencer well the advertisement fee. the company seeks run commerce business with their influencer pool for the additional source revenue. however, not even easy find some spin protocol product sources due lack commerce experience. also not easy provide technical operation services such leasing products, shipping, and c/s. therefore the company decides utilize spin protocol. company registers its influencers the spin protocol server, and also creates its own ecommerce platform using spin protocol's api. most the company's influencers choose company their csp, and start selling the products. company generates additional revenue for the platform usage fees from the influencers. company directly benefit from monetizing the heavy traffic had through the influencer pool. since they have few well known mega-influencers, the other influencers who wish work with the mega-influencers start choose company their csp. the size participating influencer pool gets bigger and the volume traffic itself growing too, all which generates huge profits. based the company's experiences influencer management, company start support influencer contents making more professionally. the company also carries out e-commerce business the overseas markets through local influencers its platform. customer customer flight attendant her late 's. because her profession, she takes extra care for skin care products. she often watches the video contents famous beauty influencers. normally, she purchases beauty products the duty-free shops the airports. one day, she was watching the videos contents her favorite beauty influencer. she was thinking purchase the product for long time, and now that she getting the detailed information about the product from her beauty influencer, she doesn't want hesitant. she clicks the purchase url link attached the influencer's video content. right after she opens the link, the product information page pops up. she gets surprised see that the price for the product the page even cheaper than the one the duty-free shops when purchasing with spin token. she also reads the explanation about spin's payback system for customers. first, she gets suspicious about the product quality and about the e-commerce service; however, once she thoroughly checks out that the page her beauty influencer's independent shop, she decides purchase the product the price provided. she chooses pay with spin token. the page, she notified the information that she needs token wallet purchase. just like naver pay, once she enters her bank account number, routing number, and some required private information, she receives spin token wallet. explained, she follows the next step buying the tokens through spin protocol's internal token exchange. she buys spin token with fiat money. afterwards, she able purchase the product. once the product delivered, she confirms her purchase the supplier. soon after, she gets notification from the influencer's independent shop that she eligible get the payback for the product she purchased. she checks her dashboard only realize that she got some extra amount spin token reward. the influencer's online independent shop, customer can get access detailed product information and convenient well viewing the previous user reviews. customer also feels satisfied with the cheap price and the token payback system. order utilize more these provided features, she searches for some other products the e-commerce page (csp). now her interest has been broadened after her first use spin protocol. spin protocol s.fame: influencer evaluation system influencers are evaluated based their sales performance and the level activity. such evaluation represented s.fame. calculated based seven variables that indicate the level social influence influencer. s.fame can used reference for the selection influencer and for the agreement r/s. also reflects reliability influencer. variables that determine s.fame can found dashboard (refer section --b). levels influencer influencers are classified into levels according s.fame tree. order increase the probability collaborating with high-profile influencers, suppliers need suggest the minimum r/s determined the ecosystem. when the demand for specific product exceeds the supply, the deal goes first influencers with higher level activity. the case with steemit, barrier might formed first comers. prevent this from happening, s.fame evaluated based the activities the recent six months. the followings are the method and the variables that determine s.fame. spin protocol [s.fame level function] on-chain s.fame variables(high weight) sales this means the sales volume the last months sold through the influencers after the agreement with the supplier. since transaction details are recorded the block, the influencer purchasing influence can objectively proven and given high weight. the number transactions indicator that accurately measures the activity the influencer after the sales scale. even the amount small, gives high weight that the s.fame can increased when the transaction completed the last months. transaction the number transactions the second most accurate variable that reflects influencer's level activity. the number transactions weighted regardless the total revenue made from the transactions. s.fame variable between and off chains (medium weight) total amount spin obtained the last months (spin obtainment) the amount spin obtainment reflects the total amount obtainment the last six months. also, ensures fair and transparent competition preventing few influencers with large amount token from barring other influencers. purchase conversion rate the purchase conversion rate high, possible recognize that the individual sales activity substantially active, and the level can raised. influencer increases the number spin protocol visitors (off-chain) using bots raise the s.fame index, the purchase conversion rate will lowered. this can reduce the risk manipulating visitor numbers. the number deal agreements this variable indicates the average amount contribution influencers the last six months. off-chain s.fame variable (low weight) the number visitors and followers the ecosystem, the number visitors the commerce service provider (csp) and influencer sales channel indicate the successful lure-in customers and genuine growth the ecosystem. abusing may occur, but the level moderated decrease purchase conversion rate. also, the protocol designed minimize the influence large-scale abusing the number followers. influencers with reduced activity may not able maintain the level. such evaluation system will give suppliers and consumers concrete indicator influencer's level influence the point sales. how s.fame works spin protocol [figure: influencer's monitoring system (ims)] ion influencer's monitoring system, influencers can check their specific data about s.fame, especially sales performance such revenue. because s.fame significant index for product suppliers, influencers will carefully manage each component s.fame: sales revenue, accumulated spin, followers/visitors, average conversion rate, number closed deals, and transaction numbers. using the last six months data rating calculations, spin protocol spin protocol has motivated influencers manage ongoing basis. through this evaluation system, spin protocol prevents some influencers monopolize the top rating using short-term performance. the influencer's admin dashboard, influencers can easily check what kinds products are currently listed and which product requests they received. s.fame displayed the dashboard with other brief information about accumulated spin and the number followers. [figure: influencer's admin dashboard] the supplier's admin dashboard, suppliers can easily find currently available influencers and each influencer's performance. suppliers can utilize s.fame level when selecting appropriate influencers for product sales and can access more specific data. [figure: supplier's admin dashboard] spin protocol the technology spin protocol spin protocol system architecture spin protocol consists three layers: core layer (blockchain network), d-commerce service layer and application layer. spin protocol --. core layer the core layer stores the sales activity information each participants spin protocol ecosystem blockchain and distributed repository. the sales activity information collected from all the activities generated end users and from transactions each deals spin protocol. critical data, like product information the deal, r/s contract between supplier and influencer, sales records from transactions made customers each commerce provider's services, other sales related activities end users, stored blockchain network prevent fabrication, intervention, fraudulent activities. those data play important role the ecosystem evaluate accurate sales performance each influencers and analyze their followers. spin protocol's blockchain network will built existing mainnet with minimal data the initial stage, but aims run independently support full commerce engine operating spin mainnet side chain the future. addition, detailed activity data ecosystem participants will stored distributed storage cached, asynchronous data increase the efficiency on-chain transactions. for example, activities generated influencers, detailed purchase information customer, and identities participants are stored separate, distributed data repository rather than main blockchain network since they are cold data with low access frequency. also, deal contents created influencers product contents provided suppliers are the distributed data storage. the data this layer encrypted and can only viewed the data owner, permitted individuals/companies the data owner. --. d-commerce layer the d-commerce service layer spin protocol provides back-end services for commerce transactions between blockchain network and the front-end applications. various commerce application services using spin protocol can access the blockchain network only through this d-commerce layer. support actual commerce transactions, applications require various features such product curation module, r/s contract system, deal/product inventory, authentication system, payment, internal exchanges, etc. the d-commerce service layer contains those functional systems and preprocessing data ensure rapid, seamless transactions. build the whole ecosystem efficiently, party blockchain-based services can join d-commerce layer contributors. also, this layer, apis (application programming interface) that can easily access the blockchain network are provided sdk (software development kit), that various application providers can easily develop and integrate d-commerce utilizing spin protocol. spin protocol team will develop various apis for spin protocol such influencer shop channel api, spin data analysis dashboard api, etc. sdk with multi-language supports that any commerce service providers (end-user applications) can easily integrate the influencer commerce and/or access information spin protocol further create services that enrich spin ecosystem. components the d-commerce layer are follows. spin protocol dealer component charge the transaction among supplier, influencer, and csp. following the table explaining sub-modules dealer component. order name(module) function register registers supplier's product information validator revises the validity the product information sent from the register smart contract registers certified product information on-chain [figure dealer component] following the table explaining sub-modules r/s system component. order name(module) function broadcaster notifies influencers about the supplier's registered products. retime matcher matches each participant available for purchase negotiation category matcher matches each participant accordance the relevant category (in case matching based category) storage connect registers detailed information about the transaction off-chain smart contract registers the transaction on-chain [figure r/s system component] following the table explaining sub-modules dashboard component order name(module) function getter manages the transaction request from csp presenter modifies the back-end information accordance the transaction information and sends the upper layer [figure dashboard component] spin protocol reg/auth component registers each member spin after identity verification. following the table explaining sub-modules reg/auth component. order name(module) function register notifies influencers about the supplier's registered products. crawler collects relevant information online based personal influence information (number followers, operating site, etc.) that participants have entered when they first joined spin protocol sns info validator verifies the registered information with social network information validator verifies the registered information with the actual information [figure reg/auth component] --. application layer application layer for end-user dapps mobile/web applications which use spin protocol integrate d-commerce features their services. commerce service providers, who provide end-user applications for customer transactions, are current e-commerce service providers and, also, community/contents/social media app services wishing implement influencer commerce. transactional and activity-related data from connected app services will transfer core layer via d-commerce service layer. the first application will womanstalk test-run spin protocol's d-commerce korea and more commerce service providers(csps) will added partners different regions and different format. the csps contribute the ecosystem end-user service providers and therefore are eligible for token reward. spin protocol --. block diagram data flow [figure spin protocol block diagram] spin protocol consists types actors spc (spin corporation), supplier, influencer, csp (commerce service provider) and customer. each actor interacts with each other within spin ecosystem, and receives revenue share, reward, and payback accordance the level the activity the ecosystem. spin protocol following the table explaining spin protocol's actors workflow. number actor function(role) supplier registers the products. spin token required the registration process. spc registers supplier's products on-chain. spc notifies influencers spin protocol about the supplier's registered products. influencer, supplier influencer and supplier negotiate agreement for sales. spc registers the general deal agreement information on-chain and the detailed information off-chain respectively. csp examines the deal list and make the deal. spin registers deal information off-chain. customer makes payment. csp delivers purchasing information supplier. supplier delivers the products customer customer confirms the purchase after receiving the products spc registers user-tracking information relation the purchase off-chain. registered information will used basis for estimating the s-fame the observer verification. spc registers general transaction information on-chain spc registers personal information off-chain. spc registers the transaction information on-chain after closing spc finalizes the transaction smart contract pays revenue share, reward, and payback each actor following the agreement. spin protocol --. structure api and other infrastructures spin protocol team not only provides the internally refined data but also various api that handles the customer queries ranging different level. this api will manage various on-demand services its platform and further expand provide sdk the future. the ultimate goal the development provide the most conveniently-used api with all functions introduced affixed. spin protocol requires multi-contract and multi-state interface provided via web and mobile platform. according the agreed smart contract, the service flow consists the infrastructure configuration represented below. spin protocol collects raw data collect and process large data record streams real time. the server charge the data collection takes control in-memory caching (redis, memcached, etc) perform high capacity traffic processing. the collected data are stored the storage such cloud storage, cloud bigtable cloud datastore, and will distributed the large capacity storage such bigquery and cloud storage. the personal information data will encrypted and stored the storage server, and will used for paas's api big data analysis service through the following infrastructure. spin data architecture spin protocol runs separate, distributed data storage system order store large scaled data efficiently blockchain. not only increases transaction efficiency, but also prevents unwanted data loss that might happen for centralized data servers. furthermore, spin protocol's functionality will improved using distributed file system solution such ipfs and platform service (paas) such gcp and aws. spin protocol basically records and stores all the activity data taking place its ecosystem. since these data could large scaled and generated too frequently, they are managed separately core data blockchain for transaction management and reference data support sales spin protocol. spin protocol, core data directly stored its blockchain network, and reference data stored separate, distributed data repository using ipfs and paas. spin protocol --. core data on-blockchain data sales-related transactions spin protocol are recorded blockchain. this includes all the inter-account transaction activities such deal agreements between suppliers and influencers smart contract form, and purchases from customers, which essential and critical part commerce. such core transaction data recorded blockchain the form spin token transaction between accounts, and additional references such detailed deal contents, customer behavior data and personal information customers, etc., are encrypted and stored separate distributed repository. --. reference data large-scaled, frequently-generated data data spin protocol corresponding personal information, rich contents for products and deals(images, video clips, and text), frequently generated user behavior records, etc., are stored separate distributed repositories such ipfs paas. (reference data) such additional information can categorized into merchandise information, customer information, and detail contents data. reference data each deal hashed linked respective core data. this enables the efficient blockchain network transaction for better user experiences. spin protocol --. spin protocol data ownership: public private spin protocol data generated the ecosystem are categorized two ways ownership: the privately owned the publicly accessible. for example, the purchase transaction details customer are exclusively accessible the customer and limited, authorized parties only, which are managed private data. however, the open access data like deal information and sales contents are considered public data, which are accessible all participants contributors spin protocol. this public data includes summary important matters related the products sale share transparent data, and does not include any private, personal information. private data stored securely separate distributed storage, and only the reference the data hash address stored blockchain. spin protocol configuration and technical specifications the team considers various blockchain mainnets build and support seamless ecosystem spin protocol. the most important specification consider the transaction fee scheme mainnet. due the nature the commerce service, frequent data transactions are expected. the capacity heavy transaction minimum charge, thus, will required for sustainable business spin protocol. second, the mainnet's network processing capability handle multiple transactions simultaneously should considered critical point. tps references from current web-based services commercial sector are follows: visa (credit card) tps paypal tps alibaba tps the other hand, the tps level current leading mainnets follows: bitcoin tps ethereum tps eos tps(current), tps(afterwards) neo tps currently mainnet supports the enough tps level required commerce services, and the network overloaded, this limited speed cannot even guaranteed. the first generation blockchain networks, such bitcoin, and the second generation blockchain like etherium, are suffering from chronic scaling issues. therefore, they are trying solve problems introducing various off-chain processing methods such shading technique, lightning network, raiden network and plasma. spin protocol the lighting network minimizes the block-chain recording and saves the transaction fee through off-chain method which does not record intermediate transactions blockchain. this allows faster approvals without waiting for block transaction, and only pays transaction fee when the payment channel opened and closed, intermediate transactions generated between not require any fees. when all the data recorded chain, there are many additional issues not only lower speed rate, but also limited block size and increased data fees, and others. plasma creates separate chain and synchronizes with the main blockchain for the minimum amount data needed for verification only. this allows reduce block size, run dapp faster, and minimize commissions data transactions. sharding method that divides data into smaller size for effective data management. the data applies blockchain network, which separates its nodes the subgroups from mainnet. increase the data processing speed maximize transaction volume per second. plasma facilitates dapp's data processing, raiden network reduces fees, and sharding maximizes transaction capacities, expected able run commerce protocol the level practical use. spin protocol implements blockchain network two stages. the initial phase, ethereum eos, another existing mainnet will used record limited core data only blockchain test the economic model spin protocol. however, since spin protocol ecosystem requires large-scaled data process and high-speed transactions, will develop separate, private blockchain network support the full features continuously applying up-to-date technologies and studying further updates from various mainnets. spin protocol token economy spin s.fame token and "proof fame" spin the utility token used for various transactions and rewards within spin protocol, and tradable party fiat-crypto exchanges. also plays role providing liquidity within the protocol. s.fame the index for influencer's sales reputation, corresponding customer purchase activities and sales history. different from current reputation level social media which based quantitative measuring the number followers/fans, and comments content views which are vulnerable fraudulent activities like fake followers, liking bots, and etc. s-fame "proof fame" plays important role when making profit sharing contract between supplier and influencer: transparent, standard guide. reflects the accumulated activities and token rewards the influencer during the most recent period spin protocol, s-fame stays always up-to-date. also requires the participant earn and maintain spin tokens, which increases the level contribution the influencers the spin protocol platform. token flow spin protocol suppliers who want sell their products with influencers must pay spin tokens when registering new products spin protocol. the tokens paid suppliers are directly transferred spin ecosystem reserve donation. the ecosystem reserve has token reward pool distribute spin tokens each rewarding parties. all the token inflow deposited the reserve, and sales revenue from customers are also automatically exchanged into spin token and deposited the reserve. some the tokens reserved are transferred the reward pool distributed different parties contributors like commerce service providers and api providers, influencers, and customers token rewards. when customer purchases product through influencer's promotional contents, either fiat tokens paid internally processed the protocol's payment service d-commerce layer, and deposited the reserve. the corresponding supplier will paid fiat token according the original payment means the purchase, and the influencer receives sales reward token based the r/s agreement. commerce service providers (csps) are eligible for token rewards when any customers purchase listed products their services. furthermore, customers who purchase products with spin tokens get rewarded, and the influencers who have high activity records are also eligible for extra reward. all these rewards are based each participant's actual performance within the ecosystem. the rewarded tokens are tradable into fiat any exchanges where spin listed. also, any participants/contributors can purchase spin tokens from the exchanges for paid services/ features spin protocol for product purchase token-only sale. token rewards --. influencer reward influencer receives sales revenue reward spin token according r/s agreement with the corresponding supplier smart contract. addition the sales revenue reward, extra reward tokens are given according the sales results and customer engagements the influencer. some the tokens paid customers from product sales are reserved the token reward pool. the formula extra sales activity reward for influencer follows and the weighted value payment (ai) subject change spin protocol policies. [figure influencer reward function] spin protocol --. csp reward ecosystem reserve commerce service provider (csp) receives token/fiat reward according its contribution commerce transactions customers. the csp plays gateway for end-user customers purchase the listed products. all the tokens paid suppliers product registration fee are directly reserved the ecosystem support its operational cost: party api providers/developers and spin corporation. --. customer reward once customer buy listed product csp's service, some amount the transaction are deposited the token reward pool spin token. the accumulated tokens from customers are distributed customer reward. this reward only for customers who make their purchases spin tokens. the more the customer accumulates tokens for certain period, the greater the rewards they get. the formula customer reward shown below and the weighted value payment (ac) subject change spin protocol policies. [figure customer reward function] spin protocol token economy strategy risk management practically, takes time settle the token economy over fiat usage for commerce activities, spin protocol supports two track transaction methods fiat token. however the ecosystem settles, the token model gradually expands that the sustainable token economy can created with enough market circulation. gradually boost token transactions spin protocol, economy models manage risks and activate token usage are implemented. phase early stage test basic models the early stage the token economy, the total volume fiat transaction will much higher than that token transaction, but the circulation tokens will gradually increased through token inflow models each participants (suppliers, influencers, customers). this phase, compulsory controls supplier side and influencers will create the base token economy suppliers must use tokens activate product registrations open any promotional deals with influencers, and influencers must rewarded token only for any sales activities. influencers will actively exchange the reward tokens fiat external exchanges, and suppliers desire conduct influencer sales will buy the tokens. also, influencers who aim higher s.fame index and expedite the deals are encouraged accumulate tokens. the other token activator customer reward allocated customers who purchase products token only. the initial benefit from customer reward high actual market value, which drives loyal customers use tokens more frequently. phase market expansion stage accelerate token volume value phase through the business market expansion sea regions and wider global market, the ecosystem and economy participants (suppliers, influencers, customers, csps) will rapidly increasing. consequently, the use case distributions spin tokens will increase accordingly. when reached phase token transactions will dominant due increased international transactions. the token's user base grow, token value and circulation volume will increase. spin protocol inflation (additional issuance tokens) the source the spin protocol rewards the reward pool where the participants themselves generate tokens from actual transactions. r/s distributed from the actual purchase transaction amount excluding csp fees, and customer rewards are also covered the customers' payment amount. the operating costs for the ecosystem covered the tokens paid suppliers when they register new products. therefore, there need for token issuance that can dramatically reduce the value the token. however, for some inevitable cases, inflation might considered minimal scale. when inflation required, the protocol council shall ask prior consent the community. broader token usage stage for further functionalities token accumulation for discounted registration fee according the volume reserved tokens, suppliers can get discounts product registration fee. suppliers will either purchase spin tokens from outside exchanges, gradually accept the token payment from customers. benefit program for token transaction product purchase when purchasing product, the customer pays for the product token, he/she eligible for extra token reward. csp supplier uses token for the purpose their fees r/s, they will get token bonus corresponding the average commission credit card payment. therefore, token transactions will accepted preferred means transaction long term. token-only special deals for customers and influencers suppliers must donate free products activate the first deal certain product. the newly registered, donated products are sale token-only specials dramatically discounted value. these limited deals are only for token transaction, and open customers and influencers who participate spin protocol ecosystem. this event will enable build users' purchasing experience using spin tokens, and order enjoy the benefit, customers and influencers will reserve some portion their token rewards rather than exchanging them into fiat right away. exclusive features for tokens advanced features deal expedition, blacklist, prior calls, influencer selection, data utilization would available spin protocol payable tokens only. suppliers influencers will able use tokens for further functionalities increase their profits protect their interests. spin protocol spin protocol governance structure there may users who try acquire unfair compensation exploiting the compensation policy presented. this action undermines the transparency and the reputation our ecosystem. especially, changing the information presented the suppliers such price information well suggesting the wrong information the users order draw their attention are regarded actions which deeply undermine the trust and transparency the whole system. aim prevent such illegal acts and minimize damage through the systematic identification well reporting all members and periodic audits for them. system verification the core information block firstly verified systematically whether generated information/ contents influencers are matched the original product information provided corresponding suppliers. this prevents false information accidentally recorded block which might mislead other users. the core data under smart contract not subject change any parties. thus, manipulations fabrications after the deal opened are not allowed spin protocol user report spin protocol operates user reporting system for fraudulent activities. incorrect sales information/contents are reported repeatedly customers certain level above, the cases are considered fraudulent activities. for the influencers posting such contents the suppliers providing wrong information products with malicious intent, restrictions will applied such system warnings, compensation distraint well disqualification from participant. user reporting not limited the sales contents/information but the post-purchase activities follow-ups suppliers csps, and malfunctioning defective products, etc. before disqualification process conducted, the participant will given the chance defend themselves that she will not the victim the false accusation. spin protocol audit spin protocol will organize committee for audit, composed influencers and suppliers with certain level s.fame above. influencers will receive monthly evaluation based systematic-scanned illicit activities and users reports. the process decides the eligibility influence the basis the consensus the committee. spin protocol business compliance stage collaboration with cracle factory co., ltd (womanstalk) the goal spin protocol create and support commercial ecosystem, which influencers and suppliers can directly meet and work together. this end, spin protocol's first collaboration will with 'womanstalk' cracle factory co., ltd. the collaboration will enable spin protocol get access the data about product supplier, product db, sales network, and customer pool from the past three years the business activities womanstalk. stage independent foundation the second quarter aim launch prototype version the advanced functionality planned spin protocol. this version, transaction function, r/s agreement algorithm function, and data provisioning function will completed. this will the time start new commerce service provider and launch full-scale global service with international partnerships. result, once get enough dataset and business partnerships, will start collaborate with the participants who wish work within our protocol. the second phase, along with our first partner, womanstalk, will the right time for spin protocol build full-scale network recruiting various commercial operators from around the world. spin protocol roadmap spin protocol will soon ready for the first service launch with its first partner, 'womanstalk', and will expand its focus onto southeast asian market based this experiment. the overall plan follows. spin protocol comprehensive roadmap publishing white paper starting token sales starting the development process(i.e. womanstalk interworking) developing functions for influencer-supplier matching system, and product recommendation solution. addition womanstalk influencers, spin protocol will start attract more promising influencers. starting with womanstalk, will bring different commerce service partner end-user service provider. alpha service test spin protocol will initiate test service womanstalk limited korea. this process aim accumulate various lessons and feedback order expand the service into the global market specifications. will make partnership with major target suppliers and influencers order launch sea and korea market the same time. with the goal completion the end the year, strive for alpha version testing soon possible with the current development personnel. womanstalk version: alpha version launching spin protocol will launch reverse overseas direct purchase (odp) domestic goods service korea and southeast asia (sea) with the help korean influencers and partners. with the alpha version service launch, spin protocol aims develop the local beta version with partners the sea countries. sea commerce service provider (csp) beta version launch sea csps launch (beta version) through the collaboration with local operators. optimization launching sea commerce service provider (csp) official launch spin protocol full scale sea countries. discover and optimize more business opportunities activate spin protocol ecosystem through spin token activation. this time, spin protocol will completed and launch local service with the collaboration the local commerce service providers sea countries. accomplish this goal, the transaction function, the r/s agreement algorithm function, and the data providing function are completed korea, spin protocol continually improve and complement our services collaboration with womanstalk. open protocol completion the final version covers all spin-oriented functions and completes the optimized d-commerce ecosystem. ultimately, spin protocol open-sourced and freely available various channels and dapps. spin protocol token sale token allocation total issuance: ,,, spin hard cap $,, accepting currency eth usd token price: spin groups token amount (spin) proportion token sales operation marketing team advisor reserve ecosystem contribution spin protocol use funds r&d operation partners cracle factory, nomad connection, and others. marketing partners de:fine, chainers, adpick, adth, and others. biz-dev. partners cracle factory, cut&curl, style bar adpick, mediance, and others. spin protocol project team advisor project team member spin protocol spin protocol project team advisor project team member spin protocol lily lee (isunweon) spin protocol advisor spin protocol partnership womanstalk first partner e-biz team development team spin protocol creative team marketing planning team design team consumer satisfaction finance team spin protocol spin protocol's first partner mau brands listed product listed korea's first video commerce platform, the first partner operate the influencer commerce ecosystem created spin protocol. open commerce platform that sells products through the process linking suppliers influencers via video contents. starting with collaboration with celebrities, currently collaborating with over youtube influencers. serves the first commerce service partner spin protocol with million monthly visitors, million subscribers, and more than million purchase dataset. order accelerate the process, marketing activities such data linkage and influencer recruitment will performed from august. womanstalk has more than major korean brands including household health care, nature republic, thesam, the face shop, and ahc. recently, has been acknowledged team that stands out terms breakthrough and executive power expanding related areas such diet, health, living, and food. has reached million customers within two and half years launching the service and growing rapidly more than annually. april the cumulative sales amounted krw billion, with the goal krw billion sales this year. spin protocol blockchain partners investors order complete spin ecosystem, close collaboration with various partners essential. for this purpose, spin protocol aims set partnerships with top players the global market, particularly the fields blockchain technology, business, and market segment. chromapolis chromapolis, public blockchain project chromaway, both blockchain and relational database. chromapolis, dapps can written way that familiar developers all over the world. klaytn klaytn, public blockchain platform the leading korean mobile messenger kakao, service-centric blockchain platform providing easy development environment and friendly end-user experience blockchain provides consultation services including essential knowledge for shaping blockchain strategy, and their training platforms build real-world technical ability. bci -crypto demonstrating the effectiveness blockchain projects systemic decision-making process. spin protocol foundationx blockchain accelerator, building blockchain business ecosystem. their ideas, people, and capital are united under single purpose innovating technology deliver more interactive and decentralized future. terra price-stable cryptocurrency designed for mass adoption. they are building financial infrastructure for the next generation decentralized applications. nexus one blockchain accelerator creating business-friendly environment. they financially empowers companies that are creating social impact leveraging blockchain technology. quest capital -quest capital leading global management agency blockchain industrial risk investment and assets and business involves venture capital, consultancy studies and asset management. brocore blocore supports the overall commercialization process the token. starting from seed investments, blocore provides follow-on investments, marketing and community managing and exchange listings etc. spin protocol womanstalk the first video commerce service platform korea that enables brands meet influencers for promotional campaigns with their fashion and/or beauty products.womanstalk has recorded .m+ mau within years from its launch and shows rapid growth sales and revenue: yoy. bumo bumo next-generation commercial-grade public blockchain for ubiquitous and trusted value transfer, which aimed build decentralized application ecosystem featured with extensive digital trust, free-flowing value and public-sharing apps ascendo ascendo has deeply rooted sourcing network through partnerships with r&d hubs, tech institutions, and the startup ecosystem. the ascendo approach designed obtain earliest access top-tier startups and deals. webloc webloc protocol blockchain based alliance protocol tokenize the conventional advertising ecosystem. adpick no. influencer marketing company korea. chainers chainers provides broad range investment banking services global blockchain projects including strategic advisory assignments, private placements and listing. spin protocol haechi labs haechi labs provides smart contract audit, dapp development and development tools for more secure and well-structured smart contracts. decon decon cryptoeconomics lab specialized research, audit, and design economic system blockchain. de:fine de:fine blockchain accelerator based seoul. from early stage strategy, fund listing relations post-ico branding, de:fine helps startups build sustainable blockchain business. spin protocol brand partners spin protocol legal disclaimers please read this entire section carefully. you are any doubt the action you should take, please consult your legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s) before taking any action connection with this whitepaper ("whitepaper"). this whitepaper, its current form, circulate for general information purposes only relation spin protocol project presently conceived and subject review and revision. the information set forth this whitepaper may not exhaustive and part this whitepaper intended create legal relations between recipient this whitepaper legally binding enforceable such recipient against spin protocol pte ltd (the "company") and/or its representatives, agents, and related companies ("affiliates"). please note that this whitepaper work progress and the information this whitepaper current only the date the cover hereof. thereafter, the information, including information concerning spin protocol business operations and financial conditions, may have changed. reserve the right update the whitepaper from time time. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment relation the sale and purchase spin tokens ("spin") and payment accepted the basis this whitepaper. any sale and purchase spin will governed legally binding agreement, the details which will made available separately from this whitepaper. the event any inconsistencies between the above mentioned agreement and this whitepaper, the former shall prevail. this whitepaper does not constitute form part any opinion any advice sell, any solicitation any offer the issuer/distributor/vendor spin purchase any spin nor shall any part nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. spin not intended constitute securities, units business trust, units collective investment scheme, each defined under the securities and futures act (cap. singapore, its equivalent any other jurisdiction. accordingly, this whitepaper therefore, does not, and not intended to, constitute prospectus, profile statement, offer document any sort, and should not construed offer securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment, solicitation for any form investment any jurisdiction. more particularly, this whitepaper does not constitute offer solicitation anyone jurisdiction which such offer solicitation not lawful which the person making such offer solicitation not qualified so; anyone whom unlawful make such offer solicitation. the responsibility every person possession this whitepaper and every person who wants apply purchase spin inform himself, herself itself of, and observe all applicable laws and regulations of, all relevant jurisdictions. spin does not have any investment interests, not designed for investment speculative purposes, for financial purposes with the expectation desire that their inherent, intrinsic cash-equivalent value may increase over time, and should not considered type investment security. spin protocol although the company and its affiliates not consider spin "securities" under the laws any jurisdiction, purchasers spin should take note the laws their respective jurisdictions when considering purchase transfer spin. securities and exchange commission, bank monetary authority other governmental agency any country jurisdiction has approved the proposed sale spin, which may have effect the purchaser's ability purchase, use dispose spin. spin should construed, interpreted, classified treated enabling, according any opportunity to, purchasers participate receive profits, income, other payments returns arising from connection with spin protocol platform, spin, products, receive sums paid out such profits, income, other payments returns. for greater certainty, purchase spin does not provide purchaser with any form ownership right other interest the company, its affiliates any its present future assets and revenues, including, but not limited to, any voting, distribution, redemption, liquidation, revenue sharing, proprietary (including all forms intellectual property), any form money legal tender any jurisdiction any representation money (including electronic money), other similar financial legal rights. this whitepaper any part hereof may not reproduced, distributed otherwise disseminated any jurisdiction where offering coins/tokens the manner set out this whitepaper regulated prohibited. this whitepaper not composed accordance with, and not subject to, laws regulations any jurisdiction which are designed protect investors. regulatory authority has reviewed, examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken any jurisdiction. the provision this whitepaper you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. where you wish purchase any spin, spin are not construed, interpreted, classified treated as: (a) any kind currency other than cryptocurrency; (b) debentures, stocks shares issued any entity; (c) rights, options derivatives respect such debentures, stocks shares; (d) rights under contract for differences under any other contract with the purpose pretended purpose secure profit avoid loss; (e) units derivatives collective investment scheme business trust, any other type securities. you should also consult your legal, tax and financial advisors relation the following: (i) the legal and regulatory requirements applicable you with respect purchasing, holding and disposing spin; (ii) any foreign exchange restrictions which you may subject relation purchasing, holding disposing spin; and (iii) the legal, tax, financial and other consequences you subscribing for, purchasing, holding disposing spin. the distribution dissemination this whitepaper any part thereof may prohibited restricted the laws regulatory requirements any jurisdiction. the case where any restriction applies, you are inform yourself about, obtain legal and other relevant advice on, and observe, any restrictions which are applicable your possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be) your own expense and without liability the company its affiliates. spin protocol the distribution dissemination this whitepaper any part thereof may prohibited restricted the laws regulatory requirements any jurisdiction. the case where any restriction applies, you are inform yourself about, obtain legal and other relevant advice on, and observe, any restrictions which are applicable your possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be) your own expense and without liability the company its affiliates. persons whom copy this whitepaper has been distributed disseminated, provided access who otherwise have the whitepaper their possession shall not circulate any other persons, reproduce otherwise distribute this whitepaper any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever not permit cause the same occur. accessing and/or accepting possession any information this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case maybe), you: (a) represent and warrant that you are least years old and are legally able obtain and use spin the spin protocol general, and that your purchase spin complies with applicable law and regulations your jurisdiction, including but not limited (i) legal capacity and any other threshold requirements your jurisdiction for the purchase spin and entering into contracts with us, (ii) any foreign exchange regulatory restrictions applicable such purchase, and (iii) any governmental other consents that may need obtained; and (b) agree bound the limitations and restrictions defined herein. the information provided this whitepaper not intended replace serve substitute for any legal, financial other professional advice, consultation service. persons intending purchase spin should consult with applicable legal, tax, accounting other professional before making any decision purchase spin. spin protocol and related services provided the company and its affiliates are provided "as is" and "as available" basis. the company and its affiliates not make purport make any warranties make any representation, express implied otherwise, the accessibility, quality, suitability, accuracy, adequacy, title, merchantability, fitness for particular purpose completeness spin any related services provided the company and its affiliates. the company and its affiliates also hereby expressly disclaim (i) any warranty arising out any course dealings, usage trade of; and (ii) any liability for errors, delays, infringement omissions in, for any action taken reliance spin and related services provided the company and its affiliates. the company and its affiliates not make purport make, and hereby disclaim, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this whitepaper. person has been authorised give any information representation not contained this whitepaper connection with the company and its business and operations, spin, the spin protocol, the token sale and, given, such information representation must not relied upon having been authorised behalf the company its affiliates. spin protocol the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws and regulations, the company and its affiliates shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you and the sale use spin otherwise related these terms; (ii) any error, omission inaccuracy any such information; (iii) any action resulting therefrom. cautionary note forward-looking statements this whitepaper contains forward-looking information including but not limited statements the plans, projected timelines, strategies and objectives management for future operations; any statements concerning expected development, performance and services; anticipated operational and financial results; any statements expectation belief; project timelines and any statements assumptions underlying any the foregoing these statements are applicable only the date this whitepaper and are not statements historical fact. forward-looking information may identified but not limited words and phrases such "aim", "target", "could", "if", "intend", "may", "plan", "possible", "probable", "should", "would", "will", "estimate", "believe", "expect", "project", "anticipate", words similar meaning. all statements regarding the company's its affiliates' financial position, business strategies, plans and prospects and the future prospects the industry which the company its affiliates are are also forward-looking statements. such forward-looking statements are also included other publicly available materials such presentations, interviews, videos etc., information contained this whitepaper constitutes forward-looking statements including but not limited future results, performance, achievements the company its affiliates. the forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, assumptions and uncertainties. these statements are not guarantees future performance. nothing contained this whitepaper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance policies the company its affiliates. such risks, uncertainties and assumptions include but are not limited the following: (a) changes political, social, economic and stock cryptocurrency market conditions, and the regulatory environment the countries which the company its affiliates conduct its businesses and operations; (b) the risk that the company its affiliates may unable execute implement its business strategies and future plans; (c) changes interest rates and exchange rates fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies; (d) changes the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth the company its affiliates; spin protocol (e) changes the availability and fees payable the company its affiliates connection with its businesses and operations; (f) changes the availability and salaries employees who are required the company its affiliates operate their businesses and operations; (g) changes preferences customers the company its affiliates; (h) changes competitive conditions under which the company its affiliates operate, and their ability compete under such conditions; (i) changes the future capital needs the company its affiliates and the availability financing and capital fund such needs; (j) war acts international domestic terrorism; (k) occurrences catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts god that affect the businesses and/or operations the company its affiliates; (l) other factors beyond the control the company its affiliates; and (m) any risk and uncertainties associated with the company, its affiliates and their businesses and operations, spin, any sale spin the spin protocol should any these risks uncertainties materialize such assumptions prove incorrect, the actual future results, performance, achievement progress the company its affiliates might differ materially from expectations set the forward-looking statements. the company and its affiliates, without assuming any liability responsibility, may, any time its complete discretion, decide alter modify the objectives and/or strategies, projected timelines, the company, spin spin protocol cease its operation altogether. the company, womanstalk and their respective affiliates not undertake any obligation update any forward-looking statements should there any change circumstances. acting upon forward-looking information received from this whitepaper, the company's its affiliates' website and other materials produced the company its affiliates, you personally bear full responsibility the event where the forwardlooking statements not materialize. the date this whitepaper, spin protocol platform has not been completed and not fully operational. any description pertaining and regarding spin protocol platform made the basis that spin protocol platform will completed and fully operational. however, this paragraph shall way construed providing any form guarantee assurance that spin protocol platform will eventually completed fully operational. the token sale shall not, under any circumstances, constitute continuing representation create any suggestion implication that there has been change, development reasonably likely spin protocol involve material change the affairs, conditions and prospects the company its affiliates any statement fact information contained this whitepaper since the date hereof. risk and uncertainties prospective purchasers spin should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with the company, its affiliates and their business and operations, spin, the spin protocol, the token sale, and all information set out this whitepaper prior any purchase spin. any such risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business, financial condition, results operations and prospects the company and/or its affiliates could materially and adversely affected. such cases, you may lose all part the value spin. please read the following risks and warnings before deciding purchase spin. should noted the following list risks and warnings are not exhaustive. accordingly, prospective purchasers should not place undue reliance these statements. (a) risks relating participation the token sale the company may forced cease operations possible that, due any number reasons, including, but not limited to, unfavourable fluctuation the value cryptographic and fiat currencies, the inability the company establish spin protocol spin's utility, the failure commercial relationships, intellectual property ownership challenges, the company may longer viable operate and may dissolve take actions that result its dissolution. there prior market for spin and the token sale may not result active liquid market for spin prior the token sale, there has been public market for spin. the event that spin are traded cryptocurrency exchange, there assurance that active liquid trading market for spin will develop developed, sustained after spin has been made available for trading such cryptocurrency exchange. there also assurance that the market price spin will not decline below the purchase price spin (the "purchase price"). the purchase price may not indicative the market price spin after they have been made available for trading cryptocurrency exchange. spin not currency issued any central bank national, supra-national quasi-national organisation, nor backed any hard assets other credit. the company and its affiliates are not responsible for nor they pursue the circulation and trading spin the market. trading spin merely depends the consensus its value between the relevant market participants, and one obliged purchase any spin from any holder spin, including the purchasers, nor does anyone guarantee the liquidity market price spin any extent any time. accordingly, the company cannot ensure that there will any demand market for spin, that the purchase price indicative the market price spin after they have been made available for trading spin protocol cryptocurrency exchange. future sales spin could materially and adversely affect the market price spin any future sale spin (which were not available for sale the token sale) would increase the supply spin the market and this may result downward price pressure spin. the sale distribution significant number spin outside the token sale, the perception that such further sales issuance may occur, could adversely affect the trading price spin. negative publicity may materially and adversely affect the price spin negative publicity involving the company, womanstalk, their associates, spin any the key personnel the company, womanstalk their associates may materially and adversely affect the market perception market price spin, whether not such negative publicity justified. there assurance any success spin protocol the value of, and demand for, spin hinges heavily the performance the spin protocol. there assurance that spin protocol will gain traction after its launch and achieve any commercial success. spin protocol has not been fully developed, finalised and integrated and subject further changes, updates and adjustments prior its launch. such changes may result unexpected and unforeseen effects its projected appeal users, and hence impact its success. while the company has made every effort provide realistic estimate, there also assurance that the cryptocurrencies raised the token sale will sufficient for the development and integration spin protocol. for the foregoing any other reason, the development and integration spin protocol may not completed and there assurance that will launched all. such, distributed spin may hold little worth value, and this would impact its trading price. and when spin protocol fully developed, there assurance will widely adopted utilised its target users. the trading price spin may fluctuate following the token sale the prices cryptographic tokens general tend relatively volatile, and can fluctuate significantly over short periods time. the demand for, and correspondingly the market price of, spin may fluctuate significantly and rapidly response to, among others, the following factors, some which are beyond the control the company: spin protocol (a) new technical innovations; (b) analysts' speculations, recommendations, perceptions estimates spin's market price the company's financial and business performance; (c) changes market valuations and token prices entities with operations similar that the company that may made available for sale and purchase the same cryptocurrency exchanges spin; (d) announcements the company significant events, for example partnerships, sponsorships, new product developments; (e) fluctuations market prices and trading volume cryptocurrencies cryptocurrency exchanges; (f) additions departures key personnel the company; (g) success failure the company's management implementing business and growth strategies; and (h) changes conditions affecting the blockchain financial technology industry, the general economic conditions market sentiments, other events factors. the funds raised the token sale are exposed risks theft the company will make every effort ensure that the funds received from the token sale will securely held such address directed the company ("receiving address"). further, upon receipt the funds, the company will make every effort ensure that the funds received will securely held through the implementation security measures. notwithstanding such security measures, there assurance that there will theft the cryptocurrencies result hacks, mining attacks (including but not limited double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks and "selfish-mining" attacks), sophisticated cyber-attacks, distributed denials service errors, vulnerabilities defects the receiving address, the spin blockchain, any other blockchain, otherwise. such events may include, for example, flaws programming source code leading exploitation abuse thereof. the receiving address may also compromised for any reason (including but not limited scenarios the loss keys such receiving address) such that the funds held the receiving address may not able retrieved and disbursed, and may permanently unrecoverable. such events, even the token sale completed, the company may not able receive the cryptocurrencies raised and the company may not able utilise such funds for the development spin protocol, and the launch spin protocol might temporarily permanently curtailed. such, issued spin may hold little worth value, and this would impact its trading price. spin spin protocol uninsured, unless you specifically obtain private insurance insure them. the event any loss loss value, you may have recourse. the loss compromise information relating your wallet may affect your access and possession spin your access spin cryptocurrency wallet ("wallet") depends on, among other things, the safeguards the information such wallet, including but not limited the user account information, address, private key, and password. the event that any the foregoing lost compromised, your access the wallet may curtailed and thereby adversely affecting your access and possession spin, including such spin being unrecoverable and permanently lost. the wallet wallet service provider which you use engage may not technically compatible with spin which may result the delivery spin being unsuccessful affect your access such spin and spin protocol. (b) risks relating the company spin protocol intended operated and maintained the company. any events circumstances which adversely affect the company may have corresponding adverse effect spin protocol such events circumstances affect the company's ability maintain spin protocol. this would correspondingly have impact the trading price spin. the company may materially and adversely affected fails effectively manage its operations its business develops and evolves, which would have direct impact its ability maintain spin protocol and consequently the trading price spin. the financial technology and cryptocurrency industries and the markets which the company competes have grown rapidly and continue grow rapidly and evolve response new technological advances, changing business models and other factors. result this constantly changing environment, the company may face operational difficulties adjusting the changes, and the sustainability the company will depend its ability manage its operations, adapt technological advances and market trends and ensure that hires qualified and competent employees, and provide proper training for its personnel. its business evolves, the company must also expand and adapt its operational infrastructure. the company's business relies its blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology, and manage technical support infrastructure for spin protocol effectively, the company will need continue upgrade and improve its data systems and other operational systems, procedures and controls. these upgrades and improvements will require dedication resources, are likely complex and increasingly rely hosted computer services from third parties that the company does not control. the company unable adapt its systems and organisation timely, efficient and cost-effective manner accommodate changing circumstances, its business, financial condition spin protocol and results operations may adversely affected. the third parties whom the company relies are subject security breach otherwise suffer disruptions that impact the services the company utilises, the integrity and availability its internal information could compromised, which may consequently cause the loss confidential proprietary information, and economic loss. the loss financial, labour other resources, and any other adverse effect the company's business, financial condition and operations, would have direct adverse effect its ability maintain spin protocol. spin protocol the main product which spin relates, this may adversely impact the trading price spin. there may weaknesses, vulnerabilities bugs the smart contract the company will make reasonable efforts ensure that the smart contracts underlying spin are audited, tested and approved technical experts. however, smart contract technology still its early stage development and its application experimental nature carries significant operation, technological, financial, regulatory and reputational risks, there are inherent risks that such smart contracts could contain weaknesses, vulnerabilities bugs. purchasers spin should understand and accept that there are warranties that spin are fit for particular purpose not contain any weaknesses, vulnerabilities bugs which would cause loss their worth value. the event that any the aforementioned risks materialises, the company's business strategies, results operations and prospects may also adversely affected. the company may experience system failures, unplanned interruptions its network services, hardware software defects, security breaches other causes that could adversely affect the company's infrastructure network, and/or the spin protocol. the company unable anticipate when there would occurrences hacks, cyber-attacks, mining attacks (including but not limited double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks and "selfish mining" attacks), distributed denials service errors, vulnerabilities defects spin protocol, spin, the receiving address any technology (including but not limited smart contract technology) which spin protocol, spin and the receiving address relies the spin blockchain any other blockchain. such events may include, for example, flaws programming source code leading exploitation abuse thereof. the company may not able detect such hacks, mining attacks (including but not limited double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks and "selfish-mining" attacks), cyber-attacks, distributed denials service errors vulnerabilities defects timely manner, and may not have sufficient resources efficiently cope with multiple service incidents happening simultaneously rapid succession. the company's network services, which would include spin protocol, could disrupted numerous events, including natural disasters, equipment breakdown, network connectivity downtime, power losses, even intentional disruptions its services, such disruptions caused software viruses attacks unauthorised users, some which are beyond the company's control. although the company has taken steps against malicious attacks its appliances its infrastructure, which are critical for the maintenance spin protocol and its other services, there can assurance spin protocol that cyber-attacks, such distributed denials service, will not attempted the future, and that any the company's enhanced security measures will effective. the company may prone attacks its infrastructure intended steal information about its technology, financial data user information take other actions that would damaging the company and users spin protocol. any significant breach the company's security measures other disruptions resulting compromise the usability, stability and security the company's network services (including spin protocol) may adversely affect the trading price sipn. general global market and economic conditions may have adverse impact the company's operating performance, results operations and cash flows the company has been and could continue affected general global economic and market conditions. challenging economic conditions worldwide have from time time, contributed, and may continue contribute, slowdowns the information technology industry large. weakness the economy could have negative effect its business, operations and financial condition, including decreases revenue and operating cash flows. additionally, down-cycle economic environment, the company may experience the negative effects increased competitive pricing pressure and slowdown commerce and usage the spin protocol. suppliers which the company relies for servers, bandwidth, location and other services could also negatively impacted economic conditions that, turn, could have negative impact the company's operations expenses. there can assurance, therefore, that current economic conditions worsening economic conditions prolonged recurring recession will not have significant adverse impact the company's business, financial condition and results operations and hence spin protocol, which would correspondingly impact the trading price spin. the company spin may affected newly implemented regulations cryptocurrency trading generally unregulated worldwide, but numerous regulatory authorities across jurisdictions have been outspoken about considering the implementation regulatory regimes which govern cryptocurrency cryptocurrency markets. the company spin may affected newly implemented regulations relating cryptocurrencies cryptocurrency markets, including having take measures comply with such regulations, having deal with queries, notices, requests enforcement actions regulatory authorities, which may come substantial cost and may also require substantial modifications spin protocol. this may impact the appeal spin protocol for users and result decreased usage spin protocol. further, should the costs (financial otherwise) complying with such newly implemented regulations exceed certain threshold, maintaining spin protocol may longer commercially viable and the company may opt discontinue spin protocol and/or spin. further, difficult predict how whether governments regulatory authorities may implement any changes laws and regulations affecting distributed ledger technology and its applications, including spin protocol and spin. the company may also have cease operations jurisdiction that makes illegal operate such jurisdiction, make commercially unviable undesirable obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) operate such jurisdiction. scenarios such the foregoing, the trading price spin will adversely affected spin may cease traded. spin protocol the regulatory regime governing blockchain technologies, cryptocurrencies, tokens, and token offerings such the token sale, the company, and spin uncertain, and regulations policies may materially adversely affect the development spin protocol and the utility spin. regulation tokens (including spin) and token offerings such the token sale, cryptocurrencies, blockchain technologies, and cryptocurrency exchanges currently undeveloped and likely rapidly evolve, vary significantly among international, federal, state and local jurisdictions, and subject significant uncertainty. various legislative and executive bodies singapore and other countries may the future, adopt laws, regulations, guidance, other actions, which may severely impact the development and growth the company and the adoption and utility spin. failure the company users spin protocol comply with any laws, rules and regulations, some which may not exist yet are subject interpretation and may subject change, could result variety adverse consequences, including civil penalties and fines. blockchain networks also face uncertain regulatory landscape many foreign jurisdictions such the european union, the prc, south korea, and russia. various foreign jurisdictions may, the near future, adopt laws, regulations directives that affect spin protocol. such laws, regulations directives may directly and negatively impact the company's business. the effect any future regulatory change impossible predict, but such change could substantial and materially adverse the development and growth spin protocol and the adoption and utility spin. new changing laws and regulations interpretations existing laws and regulations may materially and adversely impact the value the currency which spin may sold, the value the distributions that may made the company, the liquidity spin, the ability access marketplaces exchanges which trade spin, and the structure, rights and transferability spin. spin holders will have control the company the holders spin are not and will not entitled, vote receive dividends deemed the holder capital stock the company for any purpose, nor will anything construed confer the purchaser any the rights stockholder the company any right vote for the election directors upon any matter submitted stockholders any meeting thereof, give withhold consent any corporate action receive notice meetings, receive subscription rights otherwise. purchasers may lack information for monitoring their investment purchasers may not able obtain all information would want regarding the company, spin, spin protocol, timely basis all. possible that the purchaser may not aware timely basis material adverse changes that have occurred. information relation the development spin may also highly technical nature. result these difficulties, well other uncertainties, the purchaser may not have accurate accessible information about spin. there may risks relating acts god, natural disasters, wars, terrorist attacks, riots, civil spin protocol commotions widespread communicable diseases and other force majeure events beyond the control the company. the token sale and the performance the company's activities may interrupted, suspended delayed due acts god, natural disasters, wars, terrorist attacks, riots, civil commotions, widespread communicable diseases and other force majeure events beyond the control the company. such events could also lead uncertainty the economic outlook global markets and there assurance that such markets will not affected, that recovery from the global financial crisis would continue. such events, the company's business strategies, results operations and prospects may materially and adversely affected. further, outbreak such infectious communicable diseases occurs any the countries which the company, the developers, data providers data consumers have operations the future, market sentiment could adversely affected and this may have negative impact spin protocol and community. there may unanticipated risks arising from spin cryptographic tokens such spin are relatively new and dynamic technology. addition the risks included herein, there are other risks associated with your purchase, holding and use spin, including those that the company cannot anticipate. such risks may further materialise unanticipated variations combinations the risks discussed hereto. representations and warranties you accessing and/or accepting possession any information this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be), you represent and warrant the company and its affiliates follows: (a) you agree and acknowledge that spin does not constitute securities any form any jurisdiction; (b) you agree and acknowledge that this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any jurisdiction solicitation for investment securities and you are not bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper; (c) you agree and acknowledge that regulatory authority has examined approved the information set out this whitepaper, action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with; (d) you acknowledge and understand that spin should not construed, interpreted, classified treated enabling, according any opportunity to, spin holders participate receive profits, income, other payments returns arising from connection with spin the spin protocol proceeds the token sale, receive sums paid out such profits, income, other payments returns; (e) you agree and acknowledge that this whitepaper, the undertaking and/or the completion the token sale, future trading spin any cryptocurrency exchange, shall not construed, interpreted deemed you indication the merits spin protocol and/or the company its affiliates, spin and the token sale; (f) the distribution dissemination this whitepaper, any part thereof any copy thereof, acceptance the same you, prohibited; (g) you agree and acknowledge, the case where you wish purchase any spin, that spin not construed, interpreted, classified treated as: (i) any kind currency other than cryptocurrency; (ii) debentures, stocks shares issued any person entity; (iii) rights, options derivatives respect such debentures, stocks shares; (iv) rights under contract for differences under any other contract the purpose pretended purpose which secure profit avoid loss; (v) units collective investment scheme; (vi) units business trust; (vii) derivatives units business trust; (viii) any other security class securities. (h) you are fully aware and understand that you are not eligible purchase any spin you are citizen, resident (tax otherwise) green card holder the united states america citizen resident prc; (i) you have basic degree understanding the operation, functionality, usage, storage, transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics cryptocurrencies, blockchainbased software systems, cryptocurrency wallets other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology; (j) the amounts that you use purchase spin were not and are not directly indirectly derived from any activities that contravene the laws and regulations any jurisdiction, including antimoney laundering laws and regulations; (k) you are not obtaining using spin for any illegal purpose; spin protocol (l) none of: (i) you; (ii) any person controlling controlled you; (iii) you are privately-held entity, any person having beneficial interest you; (iv) any person for whom you are acting agent nominee connection with the token sale, senior foreign political figure, any immediate family member close associate senior foreign political figure. "senior foreign political figure" defined senior official the executive, legislative, administrative, military judicial branch government (whether elected not), senior official major political party, senior executive foreign government-owned corporation, and includes any corporation, business other entity that has been formed by, for the benefit of, senior foreign political figure. "immediate family" senior foreign political figure typically includes such figure's parents, siblings, spouse, children and in-laws. "close associate" senior foreign political figure person who widely and publicly known maintain unusually close relationship with such senior foreign political figure, and includes person who position conduct substantial domestic and international financial transactions behalf such senior foreign political figure; (m) you are fully aware and understand that the case where you wish purchase spin, there are risks associated with the company and its affiliates and their respective business and operations, spin, spin protocol and the token sale (each referred the whitepaper); (n) you agree and acknowledge that the company and its affiliates not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you; (o) you bear the sole responsibility determine what tax implications purchasing spin may have for you and agree not hold the company, its affiliates any other person involved the token sale liable for any tax liability associated with arising therefrom; (p) you waive the right participate class action lawsuit class wide arbitration against the company and its affiliates and/or any person involved the token sale and/or with the creation and distribution spin the spin protocol; and spin protocol (q) and all the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and nonmisleading from the time your access and/or acceptance possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be). anti-money laundering law (aml) this document written english and korean. the event dispute, will resolve the issue based the english version. for more accurate interpretation this paper, please refer the korean version. purchasers should agree not participate any form money laundering, illegal currency transactions, and any other limited activities through spin other related derivatives. each participant should aware that spin and other related derivatives cannot directly indirectly sold, exchanged, disposed for money laundering purposes. measures aimed preventing money laundering and terrorist financing may require participant this proposed sale spin verify their identity and/or the source their funds the spin corporation providing such information and/or documents considers necessary verify the identity the source funds potential purchaser the time the potential sale. each purchaser acknowledges that the spin corporation shall held harmless such purchaser against any loss result failure provide such information and documents had been requested spin corporation or, such purchaser provides and information documentation spin corporation, that false misleading any respect. adversa due frequent changes related policies, laws and regulations, technology, economics and other factors, the information provided this white paper may not accurate, unreliable non-final, and may change over time. this document provided for reference purposes only. our team not responsible for the accuracy and legitimacy the information provided. those wishing participate should not rely solely the information this white paper. encourage participants conduct their own investigations prior sponsorship. essentially, this white paper business proposal business promotion document, and case legally binding. the information this document for your reference only, and the token purchaser should pay extra attention himself. language this document written english and korean. the event dispute, will resolve the issue based the english version. for more accurate interpretation this paper, please refer the korean version. spin protocol governing law and dispute resolution the laws singapore shall govern the foregoing terms, and you agree submit the exclusive jurisdiction the courts singapore. spin protocol let's spin together! join our telegram! telegram https://t.me/spinprotocol facebook https://www.facebook.com/pg/spinprotocol medium https://medium.com/spinprotocol twitter https://twitter.com/spin_protocol