subscription revenue business using blockchain technology version mar srcoin team www.srcoin.info copyright srcoin project. all rights reserved. page definitions "crowdsale" means "srcoin" the new utility token being sold under the terms and conditions this crowdsale. "srcoin project" the sole ownership srcoin and the sole beneficiary this crowdsale. "utility token' means "website" means https://www.srcoin.info/ "white paper" means the white paper setting out srcoin's concept which can found https://www.srcoin.info/whitepapers abstract what subscription business? subscription businesses are regarded one the highest valued business models wall street date. well-known companies that use this model include netflix, amazon's prime service, apple music, spotify, zipcar, ipsy, dollar shave club, and more. notably, companies such amazon/amazon prime incorporate subscriptions into their pay-per-product business model. the definition subscription based model follows: subscription-based pricing model payment structure that allows customer organization purchase subscribe vendor's services for specific period time for set price. subscribers typically commit the services monthly annual basis". why matters the goals srcoin project and this crowdsale: using the crowdsale funds, acquire and distribute massage chairs through subscription business model; connect the distributed massage chairs via blockchain technology and construct health monitoring platform; and through this platform, personal health information will accumulated time series format database. the information can used the customers shared personal doctors, local drugstores, and research facilities preventative and diagnostic measure for the customers involved. this information can also used for the future development healthcare analytics and machine learning technology. page value proposition srcoin project and this crowdsale: firstly, are targeting the us$. billion singaporean and malaysian market for massage chairs using subscription business model, which will act foundation generating stable and long-term cash flow, thus increasing the intrinsic value srcoins due secondary market trading. srcoins would able exchanged for real life goods and services amounting its market value explained later on, traded secondary markets. over the next years, the expected increase srcoin project's worth years after the end the crowdsale, the amount srcoins circulation expected decrease ~%. after years, only srcoins expected left the market; therefore, the increased profitability our subscription business combined with the decreased number srcoins circulation expected increase the intrinsic and exchange value srcoins times its original value; and srcoin project will utilize and benefit from crowdsale contributors immediately find real intrinsic and exchange value srcoins. secondly, collecting time series database personal health information, can utilize data analytics and machine learning discover early stages diseases, predict potential health risks, and significantly decrease the customers' medical expenses making the data available for immediate use upon agreement from our customers. moreover, with this extensive database, medical institutions would able actively search for patients who need check-ups, treatments, other medical services, providing those services patients. this powerful opportunity for medical communities and the public build longterm and sustainable, care provider and patient relationship. the united states, the market for storing and distributing healthcare related data us$ billion industry and projected one the fastest growing areas data analytics and machine learning the years come. the collected time series health data will secured through blockchain technology for credibility, reliability, and safety and will used efficiently address many prevalent social health problems our world today such high blood pressure, obesity, and heart diseases. summarize: through our health platform app, customers would able closely monitor their own health and immediately send required information medical institutions needed. this will lead decreased medical expenses for customers and more efficient maintaining their health; through more effective preventive care using time series health data, government spending can decreased more than medical institutions such drugstores, would able improve their business and accessibility through the use the health database; page health-related research facilities would able decrease expenditure searching for needed patients and information, being able focus the research itself; and srcoin project will promote the health data platform hospitals, sport centers, pharmaceutical companies and governments. they would able pay the health data usage fee using srcoins. srcoin's target market from srcoin's main target markets, singapore and malaysia, have shown explosive growth the subscription business sector, with the current market size being us$. billion. are issuing srcoins tap into the us$. billion massage chair market using the subscription business model. the goal this crowdsale simple. after purchasing massage chairs using the crowdsale funding, will use existing sales infrastructure promote subscription plan for these massage chairs. crowdsale participants would then able exchange srcoins, currently, there are five main companies that are selling massage chairs, which will srcoin's main product. however, entering into the massage chair market with subscription business model. the funds gathered through the crowdsale srcoin will used purchase necessary products for carrying out the subscription business and create and maintain the personal health data database. the maintenance and security the database will kept and monitored through blockchain technology. furthermore, once these assets incur profit based the subscription plan, the profit will reinvested into purchasing more assets. business model not only would srcoins used for purchasing assets from the subscription business, the tokens themselves will become great marketable cryptocurrency that will hold high scarcity value cryptocurrency exchanges. the remaining profits will reinvested the products that fuel our subscription business the funds raised from srcoin's crowdsale and the profit generated the subscription business will calculated independent third-party accounting firm ensure credibility and transparency srcoin token erc, which incorporate blockchain technology. thus, the transparency our trade, worldwide access, and ownership srcoins will verifiable those holding srcoins. through this project, hope merge the safety and reliability the subscription business with the modern technology blockchain reform and improve the subscription revenue industry. page real value srcoins from the completion the crowdsale, srcoins would usable the real world well. similar how bitcoin's worth was verified how people were able purchase pizza with it, you will also able witness srcoin's usage the real world firsthand. srcoin project will support health data platform hospitals, sports centers, pharmaceutical companies, and governments. they can pay the health data usage fee with srcoin. srcoin holders would able purchase massage chairs, and other appliances using srcoins. the current customers (and those the future) will have the option paying their subscription fees with srcoins srcoin begins used the ways described above, the trade volume and value srcoins will greatly benefit and increase. following srcoin's entrance useable cryptocurrency the real world, srcoin will have differentiated scarcity value that cannot found other crowdsale cryptocurrencies. page the health platform there are several advantages using message chairs platform for our subscription business. message chair shared device. with just one message chair, can collect personal health data all household members. plan collaborate with comtek develop wi-fi and bluetooth incorporated massage chair that can measure health information such heart rate, body temperature, and blood pressure. thus, will create blockchain based time series database for all members the household. this health information can collected easily and repeatedly each time one uses the message chair, and this will yield robust time series database over time. time series database will display various trends each type data collected. therefore, can very important source information for early stage diagnosis, preventive care, and other medical treatments. message chair already has structure collect useful health information. arm massager will able vary pressure collect blood pressure level various chair positioning allows measure more accurate health information. for example, measure ankle brachial index, one needs lie down flat the back and message chair can positioned this way wifi and bluetooth accessibility electrical base message chair allows iot can easily add devices measure heart rate, blood oxygen level, sleep analysis, and various other types health data example personal health data information from massage chair: heart rate heart rate variability resting heart rate blood pressure blood oxygen level ankle brachial index weight height sleep analysis relaxation data body mass index sleep apnea study http://medinstrum.com/finger-blood-pressure-monitor https://dicentra.com/medicaldevices/?gclid=eaiaiqobchmikw_oqaivjsnjbxvyajeaeyasaaegjfafd_bwe page customers will able easily access their health information collected message chair using mobile app sending email request the information. health information shared with government medical institutions will database format. time series heart rate data time series blood pressure data time series sleep analysis data time series relaxation data body mass index change data body fat percentage change data elevated heart rate notification blood pressure notification before and after usage message chair data for heart rate before and after usage message chair data for blood pressure all health information shared with government and medical institutions will require customers consent, and the customers can decide consent with the information collection and usage when they enter into subscription contract for message chairs. page key advantages subscription business subscription business, the customer pays first use the services provided, meaning the cashflow stable and present. higher margin generally, higher margin implies that the consumer has pay more, but under subscription business model, the consumer only required pay relatively smaller monthly installments. this means that the consumer more willing pay overall larger sum money because the small financial burden the short run. business consistency the subscription business attractive concept the consumer, and therefore, there can fast increase profits. moreover, loyal customers will return time after time purchase products, which creates recurring revenue. value subscription businesses have the evidence and ability state, "our revenue next month million". the reason that there are recurring revenue payments from customers that come month after month that convert this statement into fact. the other hand, normal businesses can only state possible and sometimes inaccurate predictions for their revenue, for which they themselves cannot predict actually ascertain. for this reason, venture capitals and investment banks regard subscription businesses with high value and find them attractive. page the market historically, singapore state that declared independence from malaysia, but because their proximity and their cultural inheritance, their markets exhibit the same defining characteristics. the market for massage chairs singapore and malaysia has size close us$. billion, and due the recent spike people's interest for health and products related it, this market has been growing rapidly. the world's massage chair market concentrated asia, and particular, demand for this product has been noticeably great singapore and malaysia. reasons why the demand growing: the increase ppp has raised the standard living, and this has stimulated the public become more cognizant health and lifestyle. due the high stress working these areas, healthy lifestyle products have become way for people flout their wealth goal many people see being symbol for success. currently, singapore and malaysia have five companies, ogawa, panasonic, osim, gintel, and oto, that are dominant the massage chair market. however, until recently, these companies have only been present the market for selling massage chairs. the subscription market for massage chairs has been non-existent. starting august gintel began subscriptions for massage chairs, and its overwhelming success shows immense possibility for profit. upon our entrance the subscription market for massage chairs singapore and malaysia, plan transition the sales market into subscription market for massage chairs and increase our earnings. already have experience with this transition and are confident this change possible and profitable one. moreover, due the size singapore and malaysia's market for massage chairs, expect the change subscription market proportional large scale. furthermore, the gross margin current companies that sell massage chairs averages but our subscription business's gross margin will page malaysia subscription market growth projection page the team leaders and advisors dr.jae m.yoo, leader the health database certification diplomate american board physical medicine and rehabilitation ubspecialty certified neuromuscular medicine, pain medicine and sports medicine diplomate american board electrodiagnostic medicine diplomate american board pain medicine work experience catholic medical college, department neurology albert einstein college medicine, department physical medicine and rehabilitation medical college georgia, department anesthesiology and perioperative medicine, subdivision pain medicine avera st. luke's hospital, department physical medicine and rehabilitation, medical director virginia tech medical college, carilion clinic, department pain medicine current position north atlanta pain clinic usa, medical director page dr. shawn kim, advisor health database certification graduated seoul national university, seoul, south korea graduated from wayne state university school medicine, detroit, diplomate american board medicine current position president internal medicine dr. kim, advisor health database certification doctor doctor pharmacy, usa nova southeastern university, college pharmacy chung-ang university, college pharmacy, usa registered pharmacist ga, current position president corner pharmacy page legal, accounting, and audit advisors massage chairs require special door-to-door sales efforts, and order organize such large sales operation, necessary have not only experience and knowledge, but also aware the local situations malaysia and singapore. the ceo outstanding executive who lived malaysia for years with years experience the subscription business. our executives build customized sales strategies based rich understanding the singapore and malaysia subscription business and strongly leads the sales and sales support teams. page crowdsale srcoin erc token the ethereum blockchain and, through crowdfunding, will distributed crowdsale contributors cryptocurrency token. number available coins: billion srcoins srcoin price pre crowdsale: eth srcoin bonus srcoin pre crowdsale: eth srcoin bonus srcoin until january (utc) february february (utc) main crowdsale: eth srcoin march march (utc) payment: eth srcoin distribution: participants (%) founding team (%) advisors early contributors (%) sales team (%) crowdsale fund utilization: asset acquisition and app development (%) health data platform development (%) project operations (%) page conclusion srcoin the product utilizing state-of-the-art blockchain technology with foundation the profitable subscription business. funds raised through the srcoin crowdsale and crowdfunding will used for the highly profitable subscription business that has guaranteed stability. the profits made will used purchasing assets which will result compounded profit. hence, the exchange value srcoins will rise and will cause its price the market rise well. our vision build funds through the blockchain and allow everyone the world contribute with any amount, whether small large, join our mission create comprehensible system for managing your health. srcoin will used develop our health platform, and generate revenue through the subscription business, take part making our world healthier place. health first. thank you. page references http://digitalmarketingmagazine.co.uk/e-commerce-digital-marketing/top--advantages-of-a-subscriptionbusiness-model/ https://blog.kissmetrics.com/excel-at-subscription-economy/ https://www.forbes.com/sites/richardkestenbaum////subscription-businesses-are-exploding-withgrowth/ http://www.newstomato.com/readnews.aspx?no= http://bizn.donga.com//all/// http://news.mt.co.kr/mtview.php?no=&outlink=&ref=https%a%f%fsearch.na ver.com http://www.thebell.co.kr/free/content/articleview.asp?key=&svccode=&p age=&sort=thebell_check_time http://www.marketingprofs.com/chirp///six-benefits-of-using-a-subscription-model-for-yourbusiness-infographic https://tradingeconomics.com/singapore/gdp-per-capita-ppp https://tradingeconomics.com/malaysia/gdp-per-capita-ppp http://www.gintell.com/home/ http://news.mt.co.kr/mtview.php?no=&outlink=&ref=https%a%f%fsearch.na ver.com page terms and conditions the crowdsale and sale srcoin are subject the following terms and conditions ("terms"). srcoin introduction srcoin the new utility token that being offered srcoin project under these terms and conditions. participants are advised read the srcoin white paper which provides explanation the concept srcoin, its purpose and its unique benefits. the terms and the white paper are not solicitation for investment. this crowdsale utility token sale which enables participants exchange the tokens for future goods services and/or potentially profit only from the sale srcoin through secondary market trading later date. purchasing srcoin does not provide the purchaser with any rights, either express implied, relation srcoin project. this crowdsale provide srcoin project with immediately accessible funds develop srcoin. this further explained the white paper. participants deemed srcoin project that participants participating this crowdsale agree that: they are over the age years (if domiciled the united kingdom) over the age consent legally enter contracts (if outside the jurisdiction the united kingdom) ii) that they have sought the relevant legal, tax, and regulatory advice from suitable qualified professional the legality crowdsales their respective jurisdictions. iii) that they understand that this crowdsale not being offered participants residing jurisdictions that are regulated laws which restrict transactions with tokens. participants are solely responsible for understanding and complying with any and all relevant laws the respective jurisdictions which they reside. srcoin project cannot held liable for any legal risks and disputes arising the respective jurisdictions the participants. iv) that they are responsible determine which, any, taxes apply any profits made secondary trading and report and remit the correct tax the appropriate tax authority. srcoin project not obligated determine which, any, taxes apply and are not responsible collect, report remit any such taxes arising from profits earned participants through secondary trading. that they will not participate the crowdsale for any purposes relating organised crime, fraud, tax evasion, money laundering, and financial terrorism. participants also agree that srcoin project will cooperate with any police, anti-crime relevant authorities all times investigations relating participant's breach these terms. vi) that they are deemed have the requisite knowledge understand cryptocoins, cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology. vii) that they understand and agree that nothing these terms, white paper and website intended provide the participant with tax, accounting, legal advice interpreted recommendation, page endorsement, enticement participate srcoin. any decision participant participate their sole discretion and srcoin project will not liable for any loss suffered. viii) that any purchase srcoin final and non-refundable. ix) that when the crowdsale launches, public supply billion srcoin will listed for sale. that accepting these terms and conditions, participants certify that they will fully commit any future participant identification which may legally required under money laundering regulations. srcoin project committed ensuring best cryptocurrency practice and working accordance with any future regulatory body. xi) that they have undergone anti money laundering processes via exchange. xii) that they will adhere these terms and agree bound them. timetable for crowdsale the schedule the crowdsale follows: pre-crowdsale: jan. (utc) pre-crowdsale: feb. feb. (utc) main crowdsale: march. march. (utc) srcoin project reserves the right extend the crowdsale for its discretion, for reasons including, but not subject to, any unforeseen technical difficulties hampering the original crowdsale timetable. all srcoins are sold prior gmt, january the crowdsale will end the point the last srcoin was sold. whole agreement this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect its subject matter. supersedes all previous agreements and understandings between the parties and each party acknowledges that, entering into this agreement, does not the basis reliance upon any representations, promises, undertakings, warranties other statements (whether written oral) any nature whatsoever except expressly provided this agreement. jurisdiction and applicable law these terms and any dispute claim arising out them their subject matter formation (including non-contractual disputes claims) shall governed and construed accordance with the law england and wales. english courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim dispute arising from these terms and conditions. execution the agreement, the parties hereby consent the exclusive jurisdiction such courts, and waive any right challenge jurisdiction venue such courts with regard any suit, action, proceeding under connection with the agreement. page rights third parties for the purposes the contracts (rights third parties) act (england and wales and northern ireland), nothing herein expressed intended shall construed confer upon give any person, firm other entity, other than the parties hereto and their permitted assigns, any rights remedies under reason this agreement. force majeure parties shall not liable for any failure delay the performance this agreement for the period that such failure delay: beyond the reasonable control the party; ii) materially affects the performance any the party's obligations under this agreement; and iii) could not reasonably have been foreseen provided against; but shall not excused for any failure delay resulting from general economic conditions other general market effects. severability any part these terms declared unenforceable invalid the respective jurisdictions applicable the participant, the remaining terms will continue valid and enforceable against that participant. this does not affect the terms against participants whose applicable jurisdictions not invalidate the terms. updates terms srcoin project reserves the right amend these terms any time. participants are advised periodically check these terms visiting the website. assignment neither party may without the prior written consent the other, such consent not unreasonably withheld, assign any way dispose its rights under this agreement any third party. confidentiality neither party may without the prior written consent the other, such consent not unreasonably withheld, assign any way dispose its rights under this agreement any third party. 'confidential information' includes all written, pictorial, machine readable oral information which relates trade secrets, customers, suppliers, business associations information that financial, technical commercial nature. page dispute resolution the parties hereto will use their reasonable best efforts resolve any dispute hereunder through good faith negotiations. party hereto must submit written notice any other party whom such dispute pertains, and any such dispute that cannot resolved within thirty calendar days receipt such notice (or such other period which the parties may agree) will submitted arbitrator selected mutual agreement the parties. the event that, within fifty days the written notice referred the preceding sentence, single arbitrator has not been selected mutual agreement the parties, panel arbitrators (with each party the dispute being entitled select one arbitrator and, necessary prevent the possibility deadlock, one additional arbitrator being selected such arbitrators selected the parties the dispute) shall selected the parties. the decision the arbitrator arbitrators, majority thereof, the case may be, made writing will final and binding upon the parties hereto the questions submitted, and the parties will abide and comply with such decision; provided, however, the arbitrator arbitrators, the case may be, shall not empowered award punitive damages. unless the decision the arbitrator arbitrators, the case may be, provides for different allocation costs and expenses determined the arbitrators equitable under the circumstances, the prevailing party parties any arbitration will entitled recover all reasonable fees (including but not limited attorneys' fees) and expenses incurred them connection with such arbitration from the non-prevailing party parties. partnership agency the parties hereto have not created partnership and nothing contained this agreement shall any manner whatsoever constitute any party the partner, agent legal representative any other party, nor create any fiduciary relationship between them for any purpose whatsoever. party shall have any authority act for, assume any obligations responsibility behalf of, any other party except may be, from time time, agreed upon writing between the parties otherwise expressly provided. waiver neither the failure nor any delay the part party exercise any right, remedy, power privilege under this agreement shall operate waiver thereof, nor shall any single partial exercise any right, remedy, power privilege preclude any other further exercise the same any right, remedy, power privilege, nor shall any waiver any right, remedy, power privilege with respect any occurrence construed waiver such right, remedy, power privilege with respect any other occurrence. waiver shall effective unless writing and signed the party asserted have granted such waiver. for further information relating this crowdsale, please visit the website. page legal disclaimer the responsibility any persons wishing acquire srcoin inform themselves and observe all applicable laws and regulations relevant jurisdictions. prospective crowdsale participants should inform themselves the legal requirements and tax consequences within the countries their citizenship, residence, domicile and place business with respect the acquisition, holding disposal srcoin, and any restrictions that may relevant thereto. the distribution this white paper and the offer and sale srcoin certain jurisdictions may restricted law. this white paper does not constitute offer sell the solicitation offer buy any person for whom unlawful make such offer solicitation. srcoin project not providing you legal, business, financial, tax advice about any matter. you may not legally able participate this private, unregistered offering. you should consult with your own attorney, accountant and other advisors about these matters (including determining whether you may legally participate this crowdsale). you can contact with any questions about this crowdsale about srcoin. this white paper constitutes offer srcoin only those jurisdictions and those persons where and whom they lawfully may offered for sale. this white paper does not constitute offer subscribe for securities except the extent permitted the laws each applicable jurisdiction. nothing this white paper intended create contract for investment srcoin and each potential crowdsale participant acknowledges that srcoin will rely this asserted statement the participant with respect compliance with the laws the jurisdiction which the crowdsale participant legally domiciled. important note from our lawyers: this document should not construed offer solicitation offer for the sale srcoin. the individuals listed this document are not and will not selling srcoin and have drafted this document behalf srcoin project which will conducting the sale srcoin. consider the english language version all srcoin communications, media and documentation the only official version. page