stp network the decentralized digital asset platform mike chen, nathan montone, richard lee version may abstract this paper, present stp network, decentralized platform for digital asset issuance powered the stp token, new smart contract protocol framework for compliant offerings. issuing permissioned token (stpt) the ethereum blockchain, stp network ensures that compliance considerations are met the token level through each stp token's adherence the compliance validator restrictions. stp network enables the movement digital assets globally compliant manner. problems with traditional options the cost-effectiveness issuing private securities, opposed issuance via public offering, generally appeals companies exercising initial follow offering stocks bonds. however, the issuance and secondary trading privately issued securities requires middlemen, exchanges, and brokers highly manual and expensive process that places high regulatory risk the issuer. minimize the regulatory risk and simplify the manual process private security issuance and trading, many restrictions are typically imposed the asset such limits the number investors, type investors, concentration investors, holding period investment, etc. the consequence these restrictions that private securities are much less liquid than public securities. because this illiquidity, the price private securities discounted what known the "illiquidity discount," often below the asset's true market value, hurting issuers and sellers while adding unnecessary risk for buyers. many securities exchanges are building their platform using blockchain(eg.the australian securities exchange notably rebuilding its ageing chess settlement platform using blockchain tech provided digital asset. and other stock exchanges, including jamaica, thailand and spain, have also announced initiatives around blockchain and crypto assets.) stp can provide new standard tokenization protocol that those tradition securities exchanges can easily implement on. minhui@block.io, nathan@block.io, richard.lee@block.io advantages digital assets utility tokens are required for the use the product service provided their associated network. one cannot interact with the bitcoin blockchain without bearing ownership unit the native token. this fundamentally different from share stock, which one able own without interacting with the underlying product (e.g. facebook shares are not needed access the facebook app). security tokens, the other hand, are simply digital representation legal rights ownership asset standard investor protections apply. when discussing security tokens, however, many reflexively cite william hinman's sec commentary (u.s. sec, which drew distinction between "utility tokens" (sufficiently decentralized and therefore legal) and "security tokens" (everything else). the implication became that bitcoin and ethereum were the only true utility tokens and implied everything else was not. what often gets lost the noise, however, that this use the term "security tokens" referred only unregistered securities offerings, which are illegal nature. too many projects and investors still equate "utility token" with "legal" and "security token" with "illegal". avoid this confusion, stp network will refer regulated offerings, meaning the digital representation traditional assets (equity, real estate, etc.) enable certain previously impossible features using blockchain technology. these features include smart contract programmability (reducing the number third parties for issuers, thereby lowering costs for investors) and automated compliance (increasing assurances for investors while reducing costs for issuers). with this mind, one can view stp simply the compliant standard digital asset. this enables benefits that have previously been impossible, several which are outlined below. programmability programmable money feature that central blockchain-native assets and entirely absent from traditional financial alternatives. the ability program value move from one person entity another and only certain conditions are met has enormous potential create value and dramatically lower operational costs. simple first example would share stock that distributes percentage its net income quarterly dividend its token holders its quarterly net income positive. pre-programming this dividend feature into that entity's stp-standard token would significantly reduce the manual and labor-intensive process issuing quarterly dividends. slightly more complex example could tokens that convert between equity and debt-like instruments based predefined parameters. and because the stp-standard's token-level compliance capability, programmable features such automated onchain fundraising are now possible where investors send funds into stp-standard smart contract which verifies compliance with the project's parameters and issues the new token investors who meet the requirements and refunds capital investors who not. the transparency the public blockchain will allow anyone confirm the protocol functioning correctly. fractional ownership fractional ownership historically valuable assets such fine art, stamps, wine collections, antique cars, and will open new asset classes the average investor and make possible smaller investable amounts. example, purchases the art world are typically conducted through private https://www.sec.gov/news/speech/speech-hinman- auction process opposed public market process, resulting single ownership (one owner per asset) instead fractional ownership (many co-owners the same asset). for something like the mona lisa, auction market's single ownership would essentially represent one "mona lisa share" worth (william george co., whereas market-based fractional ownership could potentially represent million "mona lisa shares" worth each. because there are far more people earth who can afford spend own famous work art, more liquid market buyers and sellers would emerge, making trades faster and cheaper. compare this with the slow and expensive illiquid method today having search for single buyer both willing and able spend purchase the painting. another problem solved fractional ownership the orphan zone. this what happens assets which are simultaneously too large attract individual investors and too small attract institutional investors. these orphan zone assets will often advised either discount their price until they become attractive smaller investors else wait (often several years) grow into valuation large enough attract institutional investors. fractional ownership allows investments and sit next each other the cap table, making more difficult for asset fall into the orphan zone. increased liquidity liquidity one the most important characteristics well-functioning markets. simply put, liquidity the willingness prospective buyers purchase asset, and the willingness prospective sellers sell asset. liquid markets provide traders the ability trade large size quickly, with minimal transaction costs, when they deem prudent so, whereas illiquid markets make difficult build exposure exit positions efficient manner. liquidity the object bilateral search which buyers look for sellers, and sellers look for buyers. when buyer finds seller who will trade mutually acceptable terms, the buyer has found liquidity. likewise, when seller finds buyer who will trade mutually acceptable terms, the seller has found liquidity. this interplay between supply (sellers) and demand (buyers) referred "price discovery," and ultimately responsible for setting the spot price for asset. referenced the mona lisa example from section fractionalization can facilitate more favorable liquidity behalf buyers and sellers, thus allowing them transact frictionless manner. clear, not the tokenization process itself that deepens liquidity pools, but the increase potential buyers and sellers enabled the fractional ownership feature tokenization that deepens liquidity pools. because investors illiquid assets take the risk not finding buyer when they want sell, they must incentivized with discounted price, known the "illiquidity discount." this discount applies all illiquid assets and estimated high the assets' true price. through the process tokenization, markets for previously illiquid asset classes can optimized, and value currently trapped the illiquidity discount can unlocked. https://wgandco.com/journal/antiques-artwork-collectibles/how-much-is-the-mona-lisa-worth- peer-to-peer transfer the core the blockchain ethos the principle disintermediated transfers asset ownership. the stp-standard upholds this core tenet, enabling direct, peer-to-peer token transfers with third party involvement. the onchain compliance validator confirms that these transfers are executed accordance with the pre-programmed rules the issuer and/or regulator. this way, the stp-standard ensures parties are able directly transact with each other while ensuring compliance upheld the token level. this feature not possible the traditional financial world, and core feature the stp-standard. automated compliance traditional securities compliance exists today highly manual process confirming kyc, aml, and accreditation status with legal guidance only the jurisdiction issuance, and does little prevent non-compliant trades, often leading expensive arbitration occurring years thereafter. however, the level transparency provided tokenization enables brand new features such real-time capitalization tables benefitting issuers, auditors, and compliance teams. tokenized asset compliance confirms legal compliance all times, provides clear legal guidance for all jurisdictions included the protocol and includes the preventative rejection non-compliant trades via the token's code. this represents fundamental shift from reactive proactive compliance which was not possible before regulated stp offerings. new financial product possibilities the compliant tokenization assets also enables the creation brand new financial products. for example, using the stp-standard tokenize ownership valuable wine collection would enable the owner use that stp-standard token collateral for onchain loan. this example use case further unlocks value trapped historically valuable assets and allows put work other ways. additional digitally-native financial products are being explored and launched this space matures. stp-standard stp network's stp-standard open-source standard that defines how ownership tokenized assets are generated, issued, sent, and received while complying with all necessary regulations. everything built top the stp-standard will use the protocol's on-chain compliance validator verify compliance with relevant regulations (in the below example this includes kyc, aml, accreditation, etc.) well any issuer-specific requirements (i.e. ownership concentration, holding periods, voting). the validator committee will serve advisory function ensure the compliance validator enforcing the most up-to-date legislation all times. stp network allows assets the freedom move across jurisdictions and platforms way that fully compliant across jurisdictions and platforms. depiction the main stp network functions provided below: alice sends stpt bob. first, request sent the compliance validator for confirmation that bob has successfully passed kyc checks, accredited investor, compliant with the appropriate aml regulations, and will not breaking any issuer-imposed restrictions accepting the tokens (i.e. majority ownership rules). any the conditions are not met, alice receives reject reason. otherwise, bob receives the stp tokens. compliance validator the on-chain compliance validator serves two main functions: jurisdictional compliance and issuer compliance. first, must ensure adherence the respective laws the jurisdictions included the protocol's code; second, must ensure compliance with the parameters and restrictions imposed the issuer prior the issuance the asset. jurisdictional compliance for tokenized assets subject existing regulations (for example, token constituting security under specific region), certain jurisdictional requirements must met order avoid public filing requirements. example, jurisdictional restriction may imposed limiting the number investors allowed participate the initial offering. while compliance verification this type jurisdictional regulation has traditionally been highly manual and human capital-intensive process, the stp compliance validator simplifies and expedites the verification process provably compliant way. issuer compliance absent any jurisdictional restrictions, issuer may desire specific restrictions their token's issuance and transferability. for example, the issuer digital asset with "one token, one vote" governance model may wish ensure that one investor can own greater than the outstanding token supply given time, even the token supply circulation. this another task which the stp compliance validator's onchain compliance automation well-equipped handle. there are countless other issuer-specific features programmable via the stp token standard including common ones such fixed lock-up periods, minimum and/or maximum investment amount, and limitations accreditation status. jurisdictional and issuer-specific requirements together comprise the compliance validator which itself the core the stp token standard, ensuring provable compliance both types met the token level with every trade. token holder-elected validator committee order ensure the protocol enforcing compliance the most up-to-date regulatory standards all times, initial committee will established validate operational accuracy. will comprised token holder-elected group including but not limited the industry's leading thought leaders, advisors, securities lawyers, and regulators across jurisdictions make sure any changes the regulatory landscape are reflected the protocol. for the provisioning their services the stp network network, the validator committee will compensated the network with the network's native token, stp. service providers the case enforcing issuer-specific parameters, these committees will comprised individuals and/or institutions which token holders believe will ensure the proper structuring the offering and maintain the compliance validator. for example, prior initial issuance, the majority token holder would likely the project itself which may vote elect validator committee that includes the underwriter and the listing exchange order ensure proper structuring the offering. the token supply becomes more distributed over time, the token holder community may elect others onto the committee order uphold the issuer-specific parameters. partnership with the validator committee, issuers and validators may elect include certain service providers establish credibility and reliable network functioning. this may include digital identity solutions such civic, uport, ontology, bloom id; crypto-focused traditional kyc/aml third parties like onfido, argos-solutions, identity mind global, and shufti-pro; and/or various blockchain compliance companies including ciphertrace, chainalysis, coinfirm, and the blockchain transparency institute. stp token stp network's platform token (stpt) will serve incentive structure that aligns all participants and strengthens the overall network. the token will necessary for the proper functioning the network and have the following utility: issuance fee ssuers can use stp network fractionalize legal ownership their assets features their assets including provisioned resources, profits, etc. creating stp-standard tokens corresponding certain percentage ownership. these tokens built top the stp network stp-standard will conform the global regulatory framework embedded the compliance validator, thus removing the burden compliance from the issuer. for this tokenization process occur, issuers will pay initial issuance fee the stp network, denominated stpt, initiate the tokenization their asset. any issuer-specific requirements, parameters, and rules around token transfers will implemented stp network into the compliance validator part the initial issuance fee. compliance validator gas order for the compliance validator execute verification that both sides transaction (sender and receiver) comply with all necessary jurisdictional and issuer-specific requirements, certain amount gas needed. gas small amount stpt token that used the smart contract incentivize validators prove that transaction meets the requirements. enable this, senders any stp-standard token will need use some amount stpt tokens gas power the compliance validator when transaction occurs. this gas then pooled and paid out stakers and regulatory committee members reward for honest network behavior. staking addition the prior two use cases the stpt token, the network also enables proof stake mechanism that allows token holders stake and earn stpt. specifically, token holders stake amount stpt proportional their confidence that all compliance validator requirements are met, and they either earn compliance validator gas tokens return reward for honest behavior else lose their stake reward honest stakers. governance token holders who desire stake their stpt tokens will delegating their stake token-elected validator committee. the validators who comprise this committee will earn stpt for submitting publicly auditable proof that the compliance validator matches the laws their jurisdiction otherwise functioning properly. given the rational behavior stp token holders, they will seek delegate their stake credible advisors, partners, and authorities their market segment jurisdiction such securities lawyers, regulators, and legislators order protect their stake. the validator committee stpt rewards should incentivize these groups participate meaningful way and become integral participants the stp network. network rewards below articulation the ideal token reward allocation formula for the stp network assuming restraints computation. here, stpcs the amount stpt rewards given contributor for service prior any normalization all contributors and services stpcs,norm stpcs log log stp stpcs,norm stp sstp stp contributor stake service stpt tokens quantity service contributions the network within single time interval percentage contributor database accessing vs. serving maximum amount stpt tokens distributed within single time interval the first term log cs) reflects the contributor's confidence the popularity the dataset. curation markets, contributors may stake greater than the minimum amount they have high confidence their data and receive more stpt accordingly. this reward structure incentivizes validators submit accurate and relevant datasets the network and earn stpt return for their contributions. using log curation market stake levels the playing field with respect large token holders, they are incentivized make greater number data contributions. stp ecosystem better understand the unique capability stp add value this space, important note the differences between this new decentralized asset class and traditional finance. decentralized ecosystem, network effects are fundamental any project's success. the early stages, community engagement achieved injecting traffic from traffic owners such exchanges, wallets, investment banking firms, and similar retail-focused platforms. traditional assets, the other hand, are relatively indifferent between one large owner vs. many small owners. concentration matters less when the business model doesn't rely community-based network effects. however, for digital assets succeed, they require widespread token distribution, not high concentration. this not only in-line with the blockchain community's ethos decentralization, but also helps spur the necessary network effects critical for token's chance success. the best token distribution models for projects optimize for wide distribution among many participants.. the stp ecosystem will develop facilitate this through its protocol and existing network key players this environment. competitive advantages experience: stp's leadership team has many years experience both the traditional finance and blockchain industries. the combination investment banking experience and deep understanding digital assets enables the application operational professionalism the emergent asset class blockchain-based products. over the last few years, the team has worked directly with many renowned blockchain projects including aelf, algorand, basic attention token, decentraland, hedera hashgraph, ontology, theta, zilliqa, and many others. addition its existing relationships with blockchain projects, the team also has existing strategic relationships with global exchanges (bitfinex, bittrex, bitmax, huobi, etc.), top blockchain media (coindesk, cryptobriefing, blockinpress, jingse, etc.) and crypto investment funds (fbg capital, gbic, neo global capital, etc.) global presence: additionally, the stp team globally decentralized with multiple hubs the major cities key blockchain regions such china, korea, and the united states. stp also has growing presence various other emerging markets such russia, india, and southeast asia which will allow for those regions participate the stp ecosystem meaningful way. over the past several years, the team has hosted countless offline hackathons, meetups, and annual conferences well online amas, live interviews, and more, leading large following blockchain-focused users, developers, and participants. leveraging its relationships with key industry players and key industry regions, stp will help launch and develop digital assets providing all the resources necessary achieve proper network effects and decentralization. use cases having built strong relationships with both crypto projects well communities, stp network will utilize its stp token develop important use cases through its unique position the blockchain ecosystem. beginning with the compliant tokenization new types decentralized financial products and assets, stp could then embed community building features for projects and their communities encourage participation, reward active engagement, and maximize awareness. leveraging its unique industry position, stp could help its ecosystem partners (global media outlets, exchange partners, funds, service providers, etc.) reach the community base they need, while the same time helping individuals from its massive global following get educated and connected with those same ecosystem partners. the stp token will enable both sides connect trustless, efficient, and incentive-driven way that hasn't been possible before. conclusion stp network sets new global standard for the issuance all types digital assets. the decentralized smart contract platform utilizes the native stp token ensure that compliance considerations (both jurisdictional and issuer-specific) are met the token level. since each stp token adheres the compliance validator's parameters, the burden regulatory compliance removed from the issuer and each token interaction can proven compliant with the validator restrictions. the stp token facilitates the incentive alignment network participants rewarding honest actors and stakers with stp tokens for their respective roles maintaining the integrity and performance the stp network. stp helps set the standard for new method fundraising and issuance that more transparent, accessible, compliant, and efficient today's digital world. appendix stp network: roadmap november stp network founded the concept for tokenization standard created when the founders draft initial idea token-level compliance aimed solving the problems current fundraising options they exist today. april whitepaper release version release the stp whitepaper, using feedback from key industry players finalize the concept and lay out the high-level roadmap for the network. april stp private sale during the private sale stpt tokens, the tokens will sold, allowing early investors help bootstrap the network for the next phase development and engage network participants. june stp launch pad offering the public sale stpt tokens planned for launch pad offering. after token distribution, will hold the first token-holder election for the stp validator committee. september inaugural issuance this will mark the first issuance built using the stp-standard well the beginning new global phase asset tokenization and token-level compliant fundraising. stp network will look help any issuer who wishes tokenize their asset compliant manner. february data service provider partnerships build partnerships with global and regional service providers, including legal teams, token advisors, developer communities, regulatory bodies, data analytics platforms, and other groups which may assist helping issuers meet their needs. (est.) white label offering depending future market conditions, stp network may work with other exchanges, entities, and token issuing teams offer all some services under whitelabel service. this may targeted enterprise and governmental bodies for large scale tokenization projects. (est.) new financial products issuance the stp network team actively exploring the possibility and potential benefits issuing new decentralized financial products its platform. these are assets that are currently being developed and have the potential widespread this time. stp network team mike chen: chief executive officer sinhae lee: chief operating officer richard lee: co-founder nathan montone: co-founder advisors vincent zhou: founding partner fbg capital george cao: ceo and founder bitmax strategic partnerships gbic, fbg capital, block, bitmax disclaimer this white paper ("white paper") meant describe the currently anticipated plans stp network ("stp network") for developing new blockchain token mechanism ("stp network"), which will open source standard that defines mechanism which digital assets can compliantly issued and subsequently transferred blockchain (the "stp network standard"). nothing this document should treated guarantee how the stp token stp network standard will develop the utility value the stp token stp network standard. this white paper outlines stp network's current plans, which could change its discretion, and the success which will depend many factors outside stp network's control, including market-based factors and factors within the digital asset industry, among others. any statements about future events are based solely stp network's analysis the issues described the document which may may not prove correct. this document does not constitute offer sale the stp tokens any other mechanism for purchasing stp tokens (such as, without limitation, "simple agreement for future tokens" related the stp tokens). any offer sale the stp tokens any related instrument will occur only based definitive offering documents for the stp tokens the applicable instrument.