stasis: building the most stable cryptocurrencies the world josh reif revision executive summary what stasis? stasis the world's first nationalized digital currency platform. stasis will provide governments the ability tokenize fiat currencies into digital versions via blockchain. what problem does stasis solve? the most pressing issue the cryptocurrency marketplace the volatility currencies resulting the hesitancy consumers and businesses accept exchange these currencies. the high degree speculation the markets also concerns government regulators and makes the industry susceptible fraud and manipulation. stasis solves this problem introducing nationalized digital currencies whose value tied the value the fiat currency the respective nation. statis's pilot currency the stasis euro token (set). how does stasis work? stable token issuance will become worldwide phenomenon and will simplify the now daunting process fiat digital asset exchange. will provide on-demand transactions and minimize the transaction times and fees associated with exchanges, brokers, payment systems, miners, and more. the longer term, the stable token will become viable competitor traditional means payments among companies, individuals, and government bodies. the stasis platform will utilize the ethereum blockchain that allows for processing transactions per second. stasis will also introduce its own wallet for set (and other stable token) holders that will allow multi-platform transactions among its users. for security purposes, technically possible maintain blockchain audit every minutes. the actual audit frequency will determined after consulting with regulatory authorities appointed conduct the audit. what stasis euro token (set)? set cryptocurrency designed replicate the euro. set fully convertible its fiat equivalent value exchange. stasis utilizes government support and audits its fiat reserves validate this claim. government support crucial the success stasis. the value one currency unit issued the platform tied underlying national currency this case, the euro. fiat money received stasis from conversion activities will allocated reserve fund provide protection for their digital equivalents. when selling sets, investor will receive fiat money out the stasis reserves and the sold sets will destroyed. this process will ensure complete interchangeability between traditional and digital currencies equal value basis. why stasis? stasis builds stable coins and has two features that are highly attractive cryptocurrency investors. creates legal two-way currency flow channel between fiat currencies and digital assets. this channel gives stasis unique opportunity for rapid growth, disrupts the cryptocurrency market infrastructure, and provides access private and institutional capital. set and other stable tokens solve the volatility issue. volatility major problem for market participants and set offers effective tool mitigate and control this volatility. the achievement fiat-level stability will solidify the cryptocurrency economy into self-sufficient marketplace. combining all the benefits digital currencies with the stability, convertibility, and legal compliance the insurer's assets, stasis helps users move into and out crypto-economies similar how they subscribe and redeem from the most liquid etfs. with fast growing demand for such instrument, expect become the backbone the cryptocurrency economy the near future. market overview: emergence cryptocurrency new asset class the liquid alternatives space cryptocurrencies gained widespread public recognition which led social and speculative phenomenon "cryptocurrency mania". bitcoin, the dominant cryptocurrency market capitalization, increased its value with short term spike usd) and trading volume. most this extraordinary growth fell within despite all the attention, prominent institutional investors still consider cryptocurrency immature market. with market capitalization $bn usd and highly concentrated nature (the top five cryptocurrencies account for the capitalization and trading volume), this market primed for continued growth. the alternative investments universe collection asset classes that have little correlation with traditional finance and even less regulation. liquidity often scarce, many the alternative assets are unique. classic cars, wine, and fine art are perfect examples. liquid alternatives (la) are either securitized and listed exchanges (ucits, etfs, hedge funds, futures, options), structured another way (forwards, swaps) provide better liquidity, hence the name. our opinion, cryptocurrencies perfectly match classification due standardization and available trading volume across cryptocurrency exchanges. cryptocurrencies represent new asset class within the universe. they possess little correlation with traditional financial assets. addition, excess returns and the high volatility the cryptocurrency market resemble the equity market technology boom and the emerging markets takeoff during the adjusted risk, digital asset performance date hoovers far above traditional equity and fixed income markets. these trends attract new investors and open fundraising possibilities venture capital and high net worth investors flood into this emerging market. ico market takes over the main growth driver from the birth cryptocurrency until the boom bitcoin essentially dominated the entire cryptocurrency marketplace. ethereum blockchain was introduced but took two years for this platform gain recognition and support from the cryptocurrency community. ethereum decentralized application (dapp) and smart contract platform opened opportunities for new players enter the market. these new coins, built the ethereum platform, were now able raise funds unique crowdfunding investment instrument known the initial coin offering (ico). the rapid growth and popularity these icos pushed bitcoins' market share below (by market capitalization). icos quickly outperformed traditional financing volume (appr. $bn usd $bn usd respectively). the pioneer, ethereum became the dominant platform for issuing icos. december there are smart contracts running it, making the ethereum blockchain synonymous with the ico market. late several ethereum competitors entered the market (stellar, cardano, neo, nem) and should see explosive growth this space. countries begin competing for industry exposure and marketplace dominance cryptocurrencies are very young asset class and most governments are still deciding how classify, regulate, and tax them. the market lacks experienced analysts and forecasters with financial backgrounds. price action very dependent community expert opinions. regulators like the sec, mas, and boc express concerns with the market's chaotic nature. worldwide regulators have not yet developed unified approach this market and even the outlook cryptocurrencies varies from country country. lawmakers across the globe are struggling keep with this rapidly emerging alternative asset class. some countries advocating friendly view cryptocurrency and fintech development have rushed implement regulations order gain competitive advantage the global market. for instance, the japanese government enforced favorable regulations for cryptocurrency and quickly became global leader. cryptocurrency market growth backed fundamental factors goldman sachs evaluated the market potential their "future finance: payment ecosystems" research paper. analysts came with usd mark standalone basis and the current cryptocurrency market capitalization comprises only this number. believe that investors are only beginning realize the market's true potential and expect gradual increase institutional interest and investment. given the opportunities this market provides, will most likely continue its rally long-term. analyzing the world's macroeconomic position, believe the market stepping into new inflationary cycle. should reach its highest point the early the last inflationary cycle (ending induced bubbles real estate and commodities with the latter reaching the world's gdp. this time, the rise inflation provoked the accommodative monetary policy led the main central banks (fed, ecb, boj, pboc) the world. there too much circulation the world economy and the balances central banks. the ease printing new money compromises the credibility fiat currencies. believe that the inflationary cycle unfolds, cryptocurrencies will gain momentum the "new commodities". the world's gdp forecasted approximately usd for which means that the market potential cryptocurrencies could high usd the early inflow institutional capital digital assets have massive and vastly unexplored potential. predicted four-digit annual growth rates create distinct possibility for the next structural shift arrive early believe that the market dominance individual investors will soon surpassed institutional capital, which has only been moderately active throughout according autonomous next, the number active cryptocurrency hedge funds climbed january just three months prior, october there were only them. despite impressive growth quantity, cryptocurrency funds are still dwarfed number roughly traditional funds existing today. approximate estimation assets under management the range $.bn usd $bn usd. lack infrastructure bottleneck the system ico/ito/tge issuers have legal means utilize the financing they attract. some countries not accept proprietorial rights cryptocurrency asset owners, which makes impossible account for and evaluate such assets balance sheet. there thin legal ground for bringing money into and out the various cryptocurrency exchange platforms well for making transactions among cryptocurrency liquidity providers. exchanges provide access limited number digital assets. global banks refuse process transactions considering the accompanying paperwork misleading, payment references suspicious, fraud and liability risks, and complicated unknown tax implications. digital asset investors lack instrument counteract the extreme volatility their portfolios. legal framework the stasis project our team put much effort into solving the above-mentioned infrastructure problems. the stasis platform our solution. stasis incorporates governmental involvement order drastically modernize the way fiat and cryptocurrencies are exchanged. with proper regulation and government support, individual, corporation, regulatory body will have the confidence that cryptocurrency has the same security, stability, and controls fiat currency. stasis early adopters many governments have already expressed their interest stasis. malta (eu member) and kazakhstan plan utilize stasis for newly established "free trade zone". malta has started implementing its national blockchain strategy with stasis advising the national blockchain taskforce and the malta financial services authority (mfsa). aifc (astana international financial center) kazakhstan will collaborate with our team implement regulatory framework for stasis malta and kazakhstan both plan release documents outlining blockchain guidelines. stasis token generation event (tge) once set launched, stasis will issue community token promote our platform among wider range cryptocurrency investors. the broader concept still under development negotiate legal status the token. foresee our token granting its owner exciting benefits linked scale the stasis platform and its transaction volume. stasis team: bringing interdisciplinary expertise the cryptocurrency market stasis originates from exante ltd., one the pioneering companies the cryptocurrency market. our goal build successful infrastructure company within the cryptocurrency economy. believe requires unique blend skills: financial, technological, macroeconomic, and regulatory compliant. the stasis team has broad and comprehensive expertise it, traditional and alternative finance, government compliance, and blockchain technology. our mission use our interdisciplinary framework create stable and regulated cryptocurrency ecosystem. our professional accomplishments include: liquid alternatives and finance: creating the first global fund hedge funds and the first absolute return ucits fund russia. cryptocurrencies: establishing the first bitcoin fund year before pantera capital came into existence). took part structuring the world's first mining ico which raised $mm usd. also invested the world's first ico underwriter the same year. additionally, exante possesses cryptocurrency mining capacities mwt. it: exante introduced its own asset management platform its internally developed corporate software went under technological audit and industry experts deemed superior currently existing market standards. government relations: official collaboration with malta (eu member) and astana international financial center (kazakhstan) signed currently, are the process establishing relationships with other nations and some cis countries. safe haven concept during periods market volatility the entire class cryptocurrency assets currently subject major volatility. bring stability the market linking the value our stable tokens their respective fiat currency via stasis storage auditable fiat reserves. this will mitigate any set volatility and provide transparency for the stasis fiat-to-digital currency conversion service. investors will able use set safe haven during cryptocurrency market turmoils. reserves will managed qualified asset manager according conservative mandates similar money market funds with tilt towards shorter duration government notes and bonds. the number cryptocurrencies serviced the stasis platform grows, the quantity instruments will widen, each currency type will invested their respective government supported money market securities. reserves will audited government levels. auditable and backed fiat currency reserves, set will the digital currency the crypto-economy and useful volatility control tool for investors. the demand for such instrument very high. from our tentative analysis, predict that the stasis net fiat reserves received from conversion activities could reach $bn usd the end the the reserve growth pace will accelerate stasis gains more worldwide recognition and secures the leading position the world's first nationalized digital currency platform. stasis the ultimate stability solution for the cryptocurrency economy stasis revolutionary step towards combining the vast potential the cryptocurrency market with the stability and reliability fiat currencies. our infrastructure solution will become the backbone the crypto-economy and create two-way currency flow channel. its legitimacy and compatibility with the traditional financial system allows institutions, governments, and wealthy individuals access the cryptocurrency market much like they operate the current business world. the demand for set will strong any market environment. case the market pacing up, demand will driven fiat holders wishing access the cryptocurrency market and take part the rally. case negative price movements and growing volatility, the demand will come from crypto-asset holders wanting fix their investment gains escaping into stable digital currency (set). stasis visionary platform that connects traditional and digital finances and fundamentally alters the way the market players interact. contacts and disclaimer telegram: @kknop email: co@stasis.net general disclaimer: the contents this document have neither been reviewed nor endorsed the russian central bank any other regulatory authority. you are any doubt about any the contents this document, you should obtain independent professional advice. this document issued stasis inc. this communication intended for professional and institutional investors only and should not relied upon any person that does not possess professional experience relation investments. you are any doubt whether you possess suitable experience relation investments, please consult your financial adviser. this document does not constitute investment, tax, legal, other advice nor recommendation purchase, offer sell, invitation apply for investments stasis inc. the information contained this document has been obtained from carefully selected public sources. despite the exercise due diligence make sure that this information correct the time publication, guarantee whatsoever given its accuracy, completeness, sincerity. any opinion contained this document reflects the present context and may changed any time without notice and cannot create any liability the part stasis inc.