the status network strategy towards mass adoption ethereum june executive summary status open source messaging platform and mobile interface interact with decentralized applications that run the ethereum network. this document presents utility network token for status, the first ever mobile ethereum client built entirely peer-to-peer technologies. the messenger form-factor chosen make ethereum feel familiar possible the average smartphone user, while providing flexible platform for dapp developers, aimed maximise the amount daily use ethereum's public blockchain. the status network token modular utility token that fuels the status network. this includes decentralized push notification market, governance the status client, community curation content, along with social communication tools such tribute talk. also propose fiat-to-crypto 'teller network', dapp directory, sticker market, and demonstrate our research user acquisition engine grow the network. the status network token ('snt') will distributed rate snt per eth participants the contribution period, and expected begin june th. the contribution period will run for days, within hours the first ceiling chf (swiss francs) having been reached (outlined page ). background prevalent the internet today are social bots, type automated software that controls social media account, designed advocate certain ideas, support campaigns, and sway public relations. these bots pollute online discussion lending false credibility their messages and influence real users (ferrara al. aiello al. recent studies quantify the extent which automated systems can dominate discussions twitter about topics ranging from electronic cigarettes (clark al. elections (bessi and ferrara recent conservative estimates claim all twitter users are said bots (varol and ferrara twitter has million monthly active users suggesting that million users are bots. this poses threat the legitimacy the media consume. the problem social bots and media manipulation serves catalyst re-evaluating how design our social networks and just one symptom that systemic the user-asproduct business model. this paper will present our ideas for the next generation social network, the socio-economic network. carl and jarrad, the co-founders status, have had working relationship for years various projects, and those years were spent operating software distribution network, driving over million installs various software offerings, the profits which were used fund status and our team until this point. during the operation this business were uniquely positioned see firsthand how personal data the internet bought and sold and how users are acquired and retained. legacy social networks everyone-as-a-stakeholder social networks today consist three parties: the owner, the advertiser, and the user. each party serves role that sustains the growth and development the platform. despite each playing critical function, these parties operate with vastly different goals mind and current models fail provide means which their incentives can coexist and aligned. owner advertiser users the owner the owning entity typically the creator the network. their role attract and retain users their platform. their goal has historically been create walled garden around user base and extract value from it. they rely algorithms keep the user engaged with the platform, but not necessarily operate with the interest the user mind. the owner's priority value extraction from the user, followed user retention. the argument for the aforementioned incentive mechanism, that presenting the user with more relevant advertisements that the user wants will ultimately lead more value creation. however, this not always the case. the owner can instead use the data collected users the inverse and intentionally elicit consumer behaviours sway public opinion. facebook has published non-consensual social experiments that have demonstrated that manipulating the information the user consumed while engaged with the network, they could effectively manipulate what that user thinks, feels, and believes (kramer al.l make this point more concrete, consider how beauty product might actually convert better, given that users insecurities could made more severe via small change the networks content ranking system, and ultimately drive their purchasing action. the advertiser the advertiser, data broker, enables the owner extract value from the network, ultimately sustaining the platform. this done purchasing the user's data, purchasing qualified leads their products services, purchasing targeted advertising inventory based user profiling performed the network owner. the users the user's perspective the network quite different. often users not approach these networks with the explicit intention buying products, but rather connect with friends and loved ones reach communities who share their own special interests. often they are powerless control the information they consume, how the network developed. they have choice but rely the owners and advertisers behave ethically, stop using the network entirely. socio-economic networks everyone-as-a-stakeholder what could flatten these roles? what users social networks possessed real stake the networks they participate in? what could align incentives for all parties and create network that naturally promotes behaviours that benefit all participants? with the issuance the the status network token ('snt'), create users-as-stakeholders network, allowing the behaviour the network and its software, become aligned with the interests its users. the status network token required for certain features the client. addition, enables users steer the direction development and influence how the network evolves over time. benefit this model the network effects creates. just facebook shifted our social attention build network effects its closed platform, the status network token will leverage our economic attention build the network effect open platform. believe that cryptoeconomic systems will have even stronger pull than the social ones. our survival instincts, which heavily influence our economic interests, are stronger than purely social ones, thus leading faster adoption ethereum and tokens technologies. why ethereum? before stakeholders can communicate and transact with one another they require medium which so. traditionally this has always been done trusted intermediary (the owner). with the advent the ethereum public blockchain and its related sub-protocols forming the backbone web (swarm; for decentralized file storage [tron, fischer, nagy, felfoldi and whisper, for peer-to-peer communication [wood ]), can now provide users medium agreements that decentralized, permissionless, trustless, with fair access and cryptographically verifiable. medium that maintains 'immutable' transaction record long the majority the ethereum network collectively agrees. with ethereum, the world possesses the technology necessary build better model for the internet. believe the ethereum public blockchain will continue permeate all nbuufst financial technologies, legal systems, the internet things and decentralized applications. ethereum ultimately social technology, and for its realized impact equal its perceived potential need maximise its utility for non-technical users, needs ubiquitous and always accessible, and needs become part our daily lives without compromising decentralization. the status mobile ethereum client introduce the next part the infrastructure need work back from people, need understand how they interact with technology and how they live their daily lives. smartphones are the new personal computer and are increasingly the access point the digital world for citizens both developing and developed nations alike. smartphone usage surpassed desktop usage and continues trend upwards (comscore amongst the growing populations with access smartphones and mobile internet, messengers have become the primary means digital communication, and are poised surface the new gatekeepers economic trade. messengers application category now boast more users than web social networks (bi intelligence the highest retention rates (flurry and are where smartphone users are spending increasing amount their time (iresearch china, wechat now boasts active users with penetration rates china's largest cities. wechat pay also now used wechat users for offline purchases china's largest cities (penguin intelligence cntechinsights average wechat users spend minutes per day within the application. wechat has become tightly integrated into all aspects daily life china. one can arrange social life, banking, business activities, transport and payments directly from within it. however, wechat closedsource, proprietary interface, and its centralized architecture leaves open coercion and corruption. the trend towards messaging-as-a-platform epitomized wechat has not yet reached most the west the developing world. status aims the first messaging platform achieve this, using decentralized and community governed approach. utilizing the messaging-as-a-platform user experience, the status mobile ethereum client presents familiar feel that's convenient and well suited for mass adoption. status respects the users rights being open source and free, and unlike its centralized counterparts, puts users complete control their own personal data. status acts node that connects directly the ethereum network, adhering our guiding principles fair and permissionless access, decentralization and trustlessness. status open source messaging platform and web browser, designed interact with decentralized applications that run the ethereum network. built using decentralized technologies, status provides window into the emerging decentralized web. ecosystem decentralized applications, status becomes gateway undeniable free trade, peer-to-peer payments, and encrypted communication for anyone with smartphone and internet access. status and ethereum provide the foundation necessary give all stakeholders socioeconomic network equal footing. the status application, which currently alpha, and available for android ios, allows users to: send and receive encrypted messages, smart contracts, and payments. browse, chat, and interact with decentralized applications and decentralized chatbots. store and control crypto-assets with the built-in status wallet. introducing the status network token, can not only provide use-cases that were previously impossible web environments, but also address some the core problems created incentive misalignment and sock puppet bot creation that plague social networks today. this begins governance level, empowering stakeholders the status network; giving them real voice and ability influence the direction the software develops. decentralized push notification market taking hard stance decentralization the client isn't without its challenges. due the peer-to-peer nature the ethereum communication subprotocol, whisper (shh), simple expected user experiences, such being notified when friend has responded your messages, have themselves redesigned decentralized context. with the new whisper protocol, can now delegate nodes offline inboxing (storing messages while clients are offline) and will extend this ability support push notifications. this allows establish market for push notification providers. for service, stakeholders will deposit snt with provider, who may charge microtransactions for notification and storage. this affords stakeholders the right choose which nodes the network will provide the service for them, and what kind push notification providers they would like use, perhaps choosing deepstream over google opting completely out the service maximize their privacy. recognize that model where the user longer the product, paying for push notifications may initially seem like hurdle, users existing platforms currently get this 'for free'. instead make the costs explicit the user and don't exclude possibilities where push notification node could build business top the infrastructure, ie. offer the service 'for free' the user viewing ads pay for push notifications. the end result that give the user choice. status implements application protocol for message re-delivery, soon both parties are online the network, messages are exchanged and history updated. technical details the implementation can found here. snt utility snt required stakeholders select and receive push notifications. example use-cases stakeholder casual user, wants receive push notifications and pays microtransaction snt so. stakeholder early adopter cuba, has been paying for push notifications, but google's firebase has just been blocked his country. seamlessly changes different provider from with within status. stakeholder push notification provider, wants generate snt, they participate the market offer their services. governance one major drawback legacy social networks the lack influence their users possess over the networks themselves. they are often powerless having say how the platform evolves. aim democratise this power, giving stakeholders direct influence over all decisions within the network, including how the software developed. core part the status network token giving stakeholders the ability choose the direction that the software developed. the token used make decisions proposals, which can made any stakeholder. for each decision, the token cloned into separate decision token. the amount tokens you hold that time becomes your voting power for that decision and does not cost snt vote. initially, key decisions will put towards software development. have already created github bounty bot, commiteth, which allows decentralize and incentivise open source software development, enabling anyone create bounties for any github issue. these can then paid the developer upon submitting code that successfully merged into the codebase the project maintainer. decentralizing additional components status' governance needs happen over time, given the sheer complexity the task. have been closely monitoring the progress decentralized governance projects the space including aragon, boardroom, and colony. usernames ethereum name service default status free use and communicate with. you are identified secpk public key. since the ethereum foundation's ethereum name service specifically designed map string dapps and addresses, natural fit for whisper-based identities. are working with nick johnson, co-creator the ehereum name service, create usernameto-secpk public key resolver ens that allows stakeholders register usernames first-in, first-out basis, with social recovery mechanism. this gives stakeholders humanreadable and recoverable access point should phone private keys lost. rather than delegating other addresses recover, instead abstract the recovery process allowing the stakeholder create signed messages, that can then shared out-ofband with friends stored safe location. default signed messages will required change the username owner, but can optionally changed the stakeholder. account must holding the status network token order reserve username. this username used identify themselves within the greater status community, and signal participation the network. should stakeholder wish leave the network they can withdraw their tokens and the username will unreserved and claimable any other stakeholder. this system will then depend uport for kyc/aml requirements where required, completely optional step, for users who wish interact with regulated financial tools and dapps within the application. snt utility snt required register username the status network. example use-cases stakeholder casual user, wishes register the username @david inside status his friends can easily find him, and more easily recover his account should lose his mobile device. stakeholder dapp developer, mandates only registered status users post his discussion board dapp, order mitigate sockpuppet accounts using his decentralized application and increase the quality content. indicators trust many social networks, platform owners offer attestations user accounts signal that their account reputable. often this requires revealing government issued documents and represented simple badge that says "verified account". with the status network token, intend implement non-exploitable online reputation system based trustdavis (defigueiredo and barr defigueiredo and barr stakeholders can deposit snt against usernames premium, creating badge indicating level value that username holds and the amount backers they have. this will allow establish base web trust, which will give indication how reputable username within the network and this can further developed the future, for example, with the integration trustlines. this value may used insurance escrow based transactions ethereum, the status teller network wherever reputation can put stake. this sets the foundation for moderation tools public group chats, enabling users create environments for communication based upon economic stake digital asset token. this model, status users have prove they have minimum economic stake token, set tokens, order qualify participant join the online discussion, thus significantly raising the costs sockpuppet actors. there will micro-deposit snt required for creating group chat with these moderation tools. snt utility snt required deploy semi-public token-based group chats. example use-cases stakeholder asset manager, wishes create community other status users, who each hold minimum mln, melonport token (trinkler, isa discuss the future the project. stakeholder economist, wishes create group discussion where users have hold both mkr, maker token (christensen, muschegian and dgd, digix token, (eufemio, chng, djie can have educated discussion about stable coins. stakeholder event organizer, has issued token ticket for music festival using bancor (hertzog, benartzi inside status, and allows attendees join public group chat. tribute talk inspired one satoshi nakamoto's original suggested use cases for bitcoin, will introducing economics-based anti-spam filter, our case for receiving messages and "cold" contact requests from users. this enables stakeholders set minimum amount snt that status stakeholder must deposit order for someone outside their network contact him directly. the recipient replies the deposit forfeited the recipient. snt utility snt deposited, and transferred from stakeholders recipients upon receiving reply from the recipient. example use-cases stakeholder professional, would like reach out high profile figure the same industry, but would otherwise have means receiving response. stakeholder artist and celebrity wishes spend some time chatting with fans, and also desires means monetizing their fan base. stakeholder freelancer, provides photography tutorials, and has means generating revenue. community curation attention-based signalling legacy social networks, ranking information typically done the platform owner, often with the intent driving profits. this model, content discovery algorithms are opaque, prone censorship, monopolistic nature, and possess high switching costs should users the network become dissatisfied with the quality content discovery. within the status network, stakeholders will able opt-in curate the content that displayed producing signatures events (i.e. upvoting downvoting content ideas), referred signals, which the stakeholders' token backing weighted ranking. the aggregate signals generated from stakeholders form open graph that content rankers can use. should stakeholder dissatisfied with the content ranking their current provider, they can choose between market search algorithm providers, keeping algorithm providers honest and removing the monopoly web solutions have the way consume information. status has formed partnership with userfeeds.io lead this effort. snt utility snt required opt-in for curation mechanisms. example use-cases stakeholder early adopter, has moderate stake the network, and has economic incentive see the content ranking remain high, and opts for community curation. stakeholder data scientist, believes can improve upon content algorithm and thus the value the network, purchases larger stake the network and submits new algorithm. status teller network one the core hurdles the adoption cryptocurrency the difficulty obtaining it. ease access necessary transition our economies from fiat digital currency. order solve this problem, propose the implementation the status teller network, d"pp inside status, which provides borderless, peer-to-peer fiat-to-crypto 'teller network'. the teller network allows stakeholders the network find nearby users exchange their cash for digital assets and currency, giving any smartphone owner the world the ability take control their personal wealth. this sense, status becomes piece "web banking infrastructure and creates global people-as-atm network. this has particular utility developing markets where cashbased economies are prevalent and credit card penetration remains low, tackling the famous 'last-mile' the remittance market. the growing trade volumes observed localbitcoins, usd per week (coindance coupled with the rise remittance startups built legacy systems like transferwise (crunchbase serve testament the viability this model. snt utility snt required become seller. research case: snt required for arbitration. example use-cases stakeholder street vendor india, becomes seller the status teller network means generating additional revenue. stakeholder father argentina, concerned with the volatility the argentine peso, and finds nearby seller purchase some gold-backed tokens (dgx) provide greater security for his family. stakeholder migrant worker thailand, fed with the high cost remittance send money back her family myanmar, and both herself and her partner use the status teller network. dapp directory while the ethereum network still its infancy, the rate decentralized applications the platform already growing drastically. the status dapp directory provides way for stakeholders the network discover the most useful dapps, curated other community members. much like the apple app store the google play store, the status dapp directory will provide way navigate category and rating, enabling users find exactly what they are looking for. snt utility required for curation and signaling the teller network. research case: required deposit dapp developers who wish attain greater attention their dapp. example use-cases stakeholder opts-in send curation signals improve the quality the dapp directory listings, these signals help improve the quality content ranking. research case: stakeholder dapp developer, has launched new decentralized application, and wants receive more users and exposure. sticker market stickers offer fun way for users visually interact with their friends and family, and have been shown increase engagement levels within messaging apps, particularly among millennials. the messaging app line for instance derives about quarter its yearly revenues from sticker sales, about usd (line corporation ipo filing). propose the implementation sticker market within status, allowing anyone create and begin selling their own designs users all over the world, and begin using stickers within any status chat. you can read about simon rouviere's meme market alpha protocol paper that inspired this idea (rouviere the objective the creation mechanism for the algorithmic minting tokenized stickers, which aims capture the natural interest sticker meme propagating itself through the network any given time. snt utility required for curation signalling the sticker market. required sellers participate the sticker market. required traders participate the sticker market. example use-cases stakeholder casual user, sends stakeholder sticker birthday present. the sticker backed dgx, representing grams gold. stakeholder artist, submits work the status sticker market means generating revenue. stakeholder trader, trades derivatives and futures meme markets based trading algorithm that incorporates data inputs from current events. user acquisition engine achieving our mission ultimately requires one thing: widespread end-user adoption. using the status network token, can design mechanisms for growth that have been tried and tested web whilst providing greater transparency and better alignment incentives for participants. the status acquisition engine provides cryptographically provable and transparent means growing the user base. the status acquisition engine functions network level acquisition model and lifetime value (henceforth known ltv) claims market, based the status team's experience user acquisition strategy. this area with many moving parts, remains research topic and subject change. the status acquisition engine based the referral design the paid user acquisition business model. this model advertiser asks publisher drive traffic their offering, paying the publisher cost-per-action basis (for example, payout install). while effective driving large volumes traffic, the advertiser left with the burden verifying the integrity the user acquisition whilst the same time the publisher has immediate disincentives for providing low quality users. additionally, the advertiser often wants drive free traffic their offering without fully considering the costs associated with unproductive users. the advertiser this scenario primarily interested determining the ltv acquisition and therefore makes risk-based assessment which can refined accurately predicting the ltv time acquisition. during our operation this business model had the opportunity participate both advertiser (henceforth known buyer) and publisher (henceforth known seller), which helped develop intimate understanding both perspectives. our belief the incentive structures this business model can improved. aim introduce "jellybean guessing contest" into the business model, where seller deposits the cost acquisition and bonded predictors play predict the ltv candidate address. adapt the original model by: shifting the cost-per-action event from user acquisition deposit-backed claim acquisition, giving seller "skin the game". introducing contest determine the ltv address. making permissionless, requiring prior agreement between buyer and seller. seller address community inclusion deposit seller believes address has value? validator ltv prediction contest validator validator ltv claims market deposit processing fee stale abort buyer buyer purchases claim receipt contest winner? claim deposit burned revenue and deposit returned yes this allows import future and past information into single event for the buyer decide upon, which receives receipt the candidate address that can used claim that address. the claims are yet defined but could include, for example, claim fee's accrued receipt-honouring dapp. snt utility required become seller the acquisition engine. required become buyer the acquisition engine. deposits are made snt. example use-cases stakeholder owns demand-side-platform (dsp), and sees arbitrage opportunity drive new stakeholders the network, and becomes seller. she downloads status' media kit, and begins buying inventory, and has real-time ltv calculation instantly determine return spend. she further increases personal stake the network, given the scarcity snt created new members joining the network. stakeholder data analyst, wants generate side income, begins validator, and begins validating claims based public data inputs. stakeholder mathematician, begins purchasing claims upon observing arbitrage opportunity based public data set. referral program addition ltv claims market, are exploring the possibility mechanism for two-way status referral program. solving the problem fraudulent sign ups requires the integration more advanced reputation and identity systems such as, uport. additional snt properties upgradability based the work smart contract developer jordi baylina, the status network token possesses interesting attribute the ability easily spawn new tokens that have the same balance distribution the parent token any given block number. we're strong believers culture experimentation, and this model preserves fair contribution for early backers, without imposing rigid restrictions the ability test new snt utility the project evolves over time. the core team and the status community are committed ensuring that the snt token adds value the platform and drives network effects. given the ethereum ecosystem still its infancy and token models are still being researched and developed, also plan introduce the ability propose new functionality the status community. thus, snt may assigned number additional functions the network beyond those defined the scope above. due its complexity, future rights the snt are not guaranteed and remain research topic. development progress the project initially started with devgrant from the ethereum foundation port ethereumj android. with the exception the initial development grant received from the ethereum foundation status has been entirely self-funded the founders the project. since then, status' first public alpha was released january for android ios. have been operating the ropsten testnet and our alpha release has drawn over alpha testers, and another are queue for ios testflight. over the course have introduced user interface refresh and have been working the stability go-ethereum resource-restricted devices, and have developed out the base system for whisper-based push notifications. moving into aim start dapp development and begin security audits the software. developers are encouraged review our github repositories for more detailed information (status-react, status-go). contribution period details the launch the status network, and the corresponding token creation process, are organized around smart contracts running ethereum. the contribution period will begin june th, instructions how contributors can participate will made available closer the date the event. participants willing contribute and support the development the status network can sending ether the designated address. doing contributors create status network tokens (snt) the rate snt per eth. the snt creation rate per eth fixed, and will remain constant for the duration the contribution period. the number snt created depends the amount contributions received the smart contract. the contribution period will run for period days, within hours reaching the first ceiling, chf (swiss francs) equivalent eth, having been reached. status research development gmbh controls the contract and the address which gathered ether will sent (implemented multisig address). snt received contributors will transferrable days after the end the contribution period. dynamic ceiling and the importance distribution because status network token holders will ultimately using snt govern the direction status' development, along with its daily use within status, achieving fair distribution tokens goal need work towards. achieve this aim encourage many smaller participants while discouraging larger participants from taking the majority supply. other projects have tried tackle this problem introducing 'soft cap', where there time-based closing period after limit has been achieved, allowing smaller participants enter during time window after the allocation has been fulfilled. another approach has been introducing 'hidden cap', where participants not know when the allocation finalized, and will revealed during the event thereby making more difficult for larger participants know how much contribute order control the supply. both these approaches have some shortcomings, the 'soft cap' approach there nothing that stops larger participant from acquiring more tokens, and with 'hidden cap' it's entirely possible raise more funds than intended. our model aim achieve the benefits these approaches while avoiding the shortcomings the following: introducing status genesis tokens, which are issued community members who can contribute status non-monetary ways, such code contributions and helping the community grow. introducing dynamic ceiling during the $ontribution eriod. the easiest way understand the dynamic ceiling series 'hidden hard caps'. fixed upper limit that restricts further contributions until the next upper limit revealed. the first ceiling public and begins the moment chf (swiss francs) equivalent has been reached. signifies that the contribution period will end within hours, sooner the hidden hard ceiling has been met. the moment the first ceiling has been triggered there will series additional hidden ceilings that begin after given number blocks has been reached. each hidden ceiling decreases size and has revealed publicly before accepting further contributions. this allows contributors continue participate after the first ceiling has been reached, but reduces the maximum contribution size per ceiling, and solves the problem run-away 'soft caps'. contributions will accepted for maximum period hours after the first ceiling has been triggered, sooner all ceilings have been revealed. the curve the ceilings, the number blocks between ceilings, and the hard ceiling amount will not revealed participants until the contribution period begins attempt discourage big money investors, whales, from consuming the entire snt allocation. status core development snt created during the contribution period will allocated status core dev; the founders and team, over month vesting period, with month cliff. this means founder tokens will not immediately tradable, further aligning the founders interests with executing upon the long term goals for the project. status genesis tokens we've created status genesis tokens ('sgt'), erc token which have been issued before the contribution period begins, and will redeemable for status network tokens ('snt') after the contribution period ends. sgt mapped maximum the total supply. sgt has been issued our community members and contributors who have helped bring status where today, share our vision for the project, and have supported over the past months with lengthy discussions, feedback and critiques, contributing our development, and the development ethereum, and even doing community outreach. reserve snt tokens believe can improve upon the fundraising structures used other projects ensure long-term sustainability status. common model token allocation contributors during the first token distribution event useful achieving more decentralized issuance tokens, but leaves little room for additional fundraising efforts required attain further resources. the lessons learned from more traditional technology startups would strongly advise the ability raise growth capital needed, and put longevity the project before short-term gain. therefore all snt minted will held multisig and are intended slowly offered future contributors and stakeholders the network periodically later date foster growth. the reserve will not accessed for minimum quarters months), and will re-locked burned deemed unnecessary for the growth the network. the signature advisor required before the core team can distribute any the reserve new contributors stakeholders that join the network. snt allocation summary status genesis token holders status core dev public contributors reserve for future stakeholders snt created during the contribution period will allocated the public contributors who send eth the smart contract address. snt created during the contribution period will allocated status genesis token holders. snt created during the contribution period will allocated status core dev; the founders and team, locked smart contract with month vesting period, and month cliff. "/ftfswf mpdlfegpsbnjojnvnpgnpouitifsftfswfxjmmcf qfsjpejdbmmzpggfsfeupofxdpousjcvupstbubmbufsebuf cvupomzvtfejgeffnfe ofdfttbszgpsuifhspxuipguifofuxpsl pscvsofejgqspwfopuifsxjtf project budget funds raised during the contribution period will used solely for the development and benefit the status network. the level funding received dictates the distribution funds, however, our snt reserve structure allows reduce the volatility along the way towards achieving our long term objectives. status the first ever mobile ethereum client built entirely peer-to-peer technologies, and should considered r&d project involving bleeding-edge protocols. the progress have already made reaching our alpha suggests the viability these technologies reaching widespread mobile use, but are keenly aware the tremendous amount work ahead us. budget has been outlined below, representing scenario where our first ceiling chf has been reached. this scenario, given the volatility eth, and stablecoins still being their infancy, status will hedging the funds raised into chf/usd/eur provide month runway less volatile currency. core development security core development includes both our core the foundation what we're building rests upon contributors, and community-driven security the status client. are commencing development model fostered via commiteth. the first series security audits beginning large part this budget will used and each new major feature introduced will continue improving the end-user experience require additional audit, before considering client itself, implementing new features along mainnet deployment. with the creation the teller network and sticker market. marketing operations given the status acquisition engine design, ensure that day-to-day operations continue anticipate our marketing budget running smoothly the organization expands, smaller than many technology companies. this greater focus will placed upon processes, will cover ongoing community building events and the hiring additional operations managers and reaching the general public via traditional will required. marketing channels. legal compliance key the long term success the status network, and our budget allocated legal costs ensures that fit within regulatory parameters any new market enter. team alexander pantyukhov andrey shovkoplyas andrei mironov anna danchenko carl bennetts gustavo nunes jarrad hope roman volosovskyi ricardo guilherme schmidt chris hutchinson teemu patja victor farazdagi advisors viktor tron zsolt felfoldi shen core developer and creator swarm ethereum foundation ethereum core developer (light client) ethereum foundation general partner fenbushi yessin schiegg maciej olpinski jordi baylina cfo alpha associates compliance advisor ethereum foundation founder userfeeds giveth white hat group luis cuende jorge izquierdo joe urgo co-founder aragon co-founder aragon founder sourcerers owen barnes creative advisor organization chart current team status research development gmbh jarrad hope ceo engineering roman volosovskyi victor farazdagi clojure lead lead alexander pantyukhov clojure andrey shovkoplyas teemu patja clojure commiteth gustavo nunes ricardo schmidt clojure commiteth communications and marketing quality assurance carl bennetts anna danchenko cco head chris hutchinson community manager administration legal design patrick storchenegger andrei mironov legal head design supporting documents links important information status homepage status wiki status github community channels slack twitter reddit facebook