steem incentivized, blockchain-based, public content platform. august abstract steem blockchain database that supports community building and social interaction with cryptocurrency rewards. steem combines concepts from social media with lessons learned from building cryptocurrencies and their communities. important key inspiring participation any community, currency free market economy fair accounting system that consistently reflects each person's contribution. steem the first cryptocurrency that attempts accurately and transparently reward unbounded number individuals who make subjective contributions its community. table contents abstract table contents introduction recognizing contribution ways contribute capital contributions steem (steem) steem power (sp) steem dollars (sbd) minimizing fraudulent feeds mitigating timing attacks minimizing abuse conversions sustainable debt ownership ratios interest setting price feeds subjective contributions distributing currency voting distribution currency voting abuse the story the crab bucket rate limited voting payout distribution payouts consensus algorithm consensus steem eliminating transaction fees the problem with fees micropayments don't work fees are barrier entry changing fees sybil attacks full reserve fractional reserve bandwidth instead micropayment channels impact capacity comparison fees account creation justifying minimum balances effectiveness relative fees renting vs. buying vs. time sharing performance and scalability reddit scale initial allocation supply current allocation supply impact token creation rate the power steem micropayments, tips optional value the links solving the cryptocurrency onboarding problem solving the cryptocurrency liquidation problem censorship solving organic discovery via search engine optimization shifting toward blockchain-based attribution replacing advertising with blockchain-based content rewards conclusion introduction collectively, user-generated content has created billions dollars worth value for the shareholders social media companies, such reddit, facebook, and twitter. reddit hypothesized that its platform would improved everyone who contributed reddit.com posting stories, adding comments voting were rewarded with fair share reddit, inc. steem aims support social media and online communities returning much its value the people who provide valuable contributions rewarding them with cryptocurrency, and through this process create currency that able reach broad market, including people who have yet participate any cryptocurrency economy. there are some key principles that have been used guide the design steem. the most important principle that everyone who contributes venture should receive pro-rata ownership, payment debt from the venture. this principle the same principle that applied all startups they allocate shares founding and during subsequent funding rounds. the second principle that all forms capital are equally valuable. this means that those who contribute their scarce time and attention toward producing and curating content for others are just valuable those who contribute their scarce cash. this the sweat equity principle and concept that prior cryptocurrencies have often had trouble providing more than few dozen individuals. the third principle that the community produces products serve its members. this principle exemplified credit unions, food co-ops, and health sharing plans, which serve the members their community rather than sell products services people outside the community. the steem community provides the following services its members: source curated news and commentary. means get high quality answers personalized questions. stable cryptocurrency pegged the u.s. dollar. free payments. jobs providing above services other members. steem's purposeful realignment economic incentives has the potential produce fairer and more inclusive results for everyone involved than the social media and cryptocurrency platforms that have gone before it. this paper will explore the existing economic incentives and demonstrate how steem's incentives may result better outcomes for most participants. reddit's cryptocurrency, forbes, erika morphy, october http://www.forbes.com/sites/erikamorphy////reddits-cryptocurrency-could-have-many-uses/#ebb sweat equity, investopedia, http://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/sweatequity.asp recognizing contribution steem designed from the ground address the major barriers adoption and monetization social media based economy. our thesis that the same techniques used grow major social media platforms can used bootstrap successful cryptocurrency. economic incentives enabled cryptocurrency can dramatically facilitate the growth new social media platform. the synergy between cryptocurrency and social media that believe may give steem powerful advantage the market. the challenge faced steem deriving algorithm for scoring individual contributions that most community members consider fair assessment the subjective value each contribution. perfect world, community members would cooperate rate each other's contribution and derive fair compensation. the real world, algorithms must designed such manner that they are resistant intentional manipulation for profit. any widespread abuse the scoring system could cause community members lose faith the perceived fairness the economic system. existing platforms operate one-user, one-vote principle. this creates environment where rankings can manipulated sybil attacks and the service providers must pro-actively identify and block abusers. people already attempt manipulate the reddit, facebook, and twitter scoring algorithms when the only reward web traffic censorship. the fundamental unit account the steem platform steem, crypto currency token. steem operates the basis one-steem, one-vote. under this model, individuals who have contributed the most the platform, measured their account balance, have the most influence over how contributions are scored. furthermore, steem only allows members vote with steem when committed vesting schedule. under this model, members have financial incentive vote way that maximises the long term value their steem. steem designed around relatively simple concept: everyone's meaningful contribution the community should recognized for the value adds when people are recognized for their meaningful contributions, they continue contributing and the community grows. any imbalance the give and take within community unsustainable. eventually the givers grow tired supporting the takers and disengage from the community. the challenge creating system capable identifying what contributions are needed and their relative worth way that can scale unbounded number people. proven system for evaluating and rewarding contributions the free market. the free market can viewed single community where everyone trades with one another and rewards are allocated profit and loss. the market system rewards those who provide value others and punishes those who consume more value than they produce. the free market supports many different currencies and money simply commodity that everyone finds easy exchange. since the free market proven system, tempting try create free-market system where content consumers directly pay content producers. however, direct payment inefficient and not really viable for content creation and curation. the value most content low relative the cognitive, financial, and opportunity costs associated with making payment that few readers choose tip. the abundance free alternatives means that enforcing 'paywall' will drive readers elsewhere. there have been several attempts implement per-article micropayments from readers authors, but none have become widespread. steem designed enable effective micropayments for all kinds contribution changing the economic equation. readers longer have decide whether not they want pay someone from their own pocket, instead they can vote content down and steem will use their votes determine individual rewards. this means that people are given familiar and widely used interface and longer face the cognitive, financial, and opportunity costs associated traditional micropayment and tipping platforms. voting input from community members critical for steem accurately allocate payments contributors. voting can therefore viewed crucial contribution and worthy rewards its own. some platforms, such slashdot, use meta-moderation way rank and reward honest moderators. steem chooses reward those who contribute the most the total promotion piece content and rewards the voters proportional the ultimate reward paid the content creator. ways contribute this section outlines the ideas behind steem and its rewards for people who provide meaningful and measurable contributions the steem community. capital contributions there are two items community can offer attract capital: debt and ownership. those who buy ownership profit when the community grows but lose the community shrinks. those who buy debt are guaranteed certain amount interest but not get participate any profits realized the growth the community. both types capital contributions are valuable the growth the community and value its currency. additionally there are two ways ownership can held: liquid and vesting. vesting ownership makes long-term commitment and cannot sold for minimum period time. the steem network calls these different asset classes steem (steem), steem power (sp), and steem dollars (sbd). meta-moderation second level comment moderation. users are invited rate moderator's decision order improve moderation. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/meta-moderation_system steem (steem) steem the fundamental unit account the steem blockchain. all other tokens derive their value from the value steem. steem liquid currency, and therefore can bought sold exchanges, well transferred other users form payment. steem power (sp) start companies require long-term capital commitment. those who invest their money startup expect wait years before they can sell their shares and realize their profits. without long-term commitment, startup seeking raise additional capital through the sale additional shares would competing with existing shareholders looking exit. savvy investors want their capital contributions grow the company, but growth cannot happen the new capital given away those looking exit. there significant value having long-term commitment because enables communities make long-term plans. long term commitment stakeholders also causes them vote for long-term growth rather than short-term pumps. the cryptocurrency space, speculators jump from cryptocurrency cryptocurrency based mostly which one expected have short-term growth. steem wants build community that mostly owned and entirely controlled those with long-term perspective. users are able commit their steem thirteen week vesting schedule, providing them with additional benefits within the platform. steem that has been committed thirteen week vesting schedule called steem power (sp). balances are non-transferrable and non-divisible except via the automatically recurring conversion requests. this means that cannot easily traded cryptocurrency exchanges. when users vote content, their influence over the distribution the rewards pool directly proportional the amount that they have. users with more have more influence the distribution rewards. this means that access token that grants its holders exclusive powers within the steem platform. holders are also paid interest the balance that remains vested. the yearly inflation paid holders interest. the amount the interest that they receive directly proportional the amount they hold relative the total amount vested across all users. transferring from steem referred "powering up", while transferring from steem referred "powering down." that powered down returned the user over period thirteen weeks, via equal weekly payments, starting one week after the power down initiated. steem dollars (sbd) stability important feature successful global economies. without stability, individuals across the world could not have low cognitive costs while engaging commerce and savings. because stability important feature successful economies, steem dollars were designed attempt bring stability the world cryptocurrency and the individuals who use the steem network. steem dollars are created mechanism similar convertible notes, which are often used fund startups. the startup world, convertible notes are short-term debt instruments that can converted ownership rate determined the future, typically during future funding round. blockchain based token can viewed ownership the community whereas convertible note can viewed debt denominated any other commodity currency. the terms the convertible note allow the holder convert the backing token with minimum notice the fair market price the token. creating token-convertible-dollars enables blockchains grow their network effect while maximizing the return for token holders. steem dollars are referred with the symbol sbd, acronym for steem blockchain dollars. creating sbd requires combination reliable price feed, and rules prevent abuse. providing reliable price feed involves three factors: minimizing the impact incorrect feed, maximizing the cost producing incorrect feed, and minimizing the importance timing. minimizing fraudulent feeds holders elect individuals, called witnesses, publish price feeds. the elected witnesses are presumably trusted those who have vested interest the quality the feed. paying those who are elected, steem creates market competition earn the right produce feeds. the more the feed producers are paid the more they have lose publishing false information. given set trusted and elected feed producers, the actual price used for conversions can derived the median the feeds. this way any minority individual feed producers produce outliers they have minimal impact the actual median while still having the ability impact their reputation. even all feed producers are honest, possible for the majority feed producers impacted events beyond their control. the steem network designed tolerate short-term corruption the median price feed while the community actively works correct the issue. one example issue that may take some time correct short-term market manipulation. market manipulation difficult and expensive maintain for long periods time. another example would the failure centralized exchange the corruption the data published the exchange. steem factors out short-term price fluctuations using the median price over period three and half days. the median published feed sampled every hour the hour. long the price feed corruption lasts for less than half the moving median time window will have minimal impact the conversion price. the event the feed does get corrupted, network participants will have opportunity vote-out corrupt feed producers before the corrupted feed can impact the actual conversion price. perhaps more importantly, gives feed producers opportunity detect and correct issues before their feeds start impacting the price. with three and half day window, community members have approximately one and half days respond any issues that come up. mitigating timing attacks market participants have access information faster than the blockchain's three and half day moving median conversion price can react. this information could used benefit traders the expense the community. there sudden increase the value steem traders could request conversion their sbd the old, lower price, and then sell the steem they receive the new higher price with minimal risk. steem levels the playing field requiring all conversion requests delayed for three and half days. this means that neither the traders nor the blockchain has any information advantage regarding the price the time the conversion executed. minimizing abuse conversions people could freely convert both directions then traders could take advantage the blockchains conversion rates trading large volumes without changing the price. traders who see massive run price would convert sbd the high price (when most risky) and then convert back after the correction. the steem protocol protects the community from this kind abuse only allowing people convert from sbd steem and not the other way around. the blockchain decides how and when create sbd and who should get it. this keeps the rate sbd creation stable and removes most avenues abuse. sustainable debt ownership ratios token viewed ownership the whole supply tokens, then token-convertible-dollar can viewed debt. the debt ownership ratio gets too high the entire currency can become unstable. debt conversions can dramatically increase the token supply, which turn sold the market suppressing the price. subsequent conversions require the issuance even more tokens. left unchecked the system can collapse leaving worthless ownership backing mountain debt. the higher the debt ownership ratio becomes the less willing new investors are bring capital the table. rapid change the value steem can dramatically change the debt-to-ownership ratio. the blockchain prevents the debt-to-ownership ratio from getting too high, reducing the amount steem awarded through sbd conversions the debt level were exceed the amount sbd debt ever exceeds the total steem market cap, the blockchain will automatically reduce the amount steem generated through conversions maximum the market cap. this ensures that the blockchain will never have higher than debt-to-ownership ratio. the percentage floors used compute steem creation are based the supply including the steem value all outstanding sbd and (as determined the current rate feed). interest sbd pays holders interest. the interest rate set the same people who publish the price feed that can adapt changing market conditions. all debt carries risk the lender. someone who holds sbd without redeeming effectively lending the community the value dollar. they are trusting that some point the future someone will willing buy the sbd from them for dollar that there will speculators and investors willing buy the steem they convert into. steem and holders gain leverage when members the community are willing hold sbd. this leverage amplifies the gains from growth while also contributing growth. steem holders suffer from increased dilution the price falls. cryptocurrency projects have shown that the gains from increasing the user base willing trust the network with capital ultimately add more value the network than any dilution that may occur during downturn. setting price feeds astute readers will recognize that interest bearing asset limited supply may trade higher lower than the underlying asset depending upon other opportunities earn interest the same asset. with high interest rate paid asset pegged the dollar many people will bid the limited supply steem dollars until they are longer valued economics there principle known the impossible trinity which states that impossible have all three the following the same time: stable exchange rate free capital movement ndependent monetary policy steem feed producers aim have independent monetary policy allowing create and destroy steem dollars while simultaneously having full control over the interest rate then they will encounter problems. the impossible trinity says that steem dollars either need restrict capital movement, have unstable exchange rate with the dollar, have limited control over the interest rate. the primary concern steem feed producers maintain stable one-to-one conversion between sbd and the u.s. dollar (usd). any time sbd consistently trading above usd interest payments must stopped. market where interest debt still demands premium, safe say the the impossible trinity, economic theory https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/impossible_trinity market willing extend more credit than the debt the community willing take on. this happens sbd will valued more than and there little the community can without charging negative interest rates. the debt-to-ownership ratio low and sbd trading for less than $., then the interest rate should increased. this will encourage more people hold their sbd and support the price. sbd trades for less than usd and the debt-to-ownership ratio high, then the feeds should adjusted upward give more steem per sbd. this will increase demand for sbd while also reducing the debt-to-ownership ratio and returning sbd parity with usd. assuming the value steem growing faster than steem creating new sbd, the debt-to-ownership ratio should remain under the target ratio and the interest offered benefits everyone. the value the network flat falling, then any interest offered will only make the debt-to-ownership ratio worse. effect, feed producers are entrusted with the responsibility setting monetary policy for the purpose maintaining stable peg the usd. abuse this power can harm the value steem holders are wise vote for witnesses that can counted adjust the price feed and interest rates according the rules outlined above. the debt-to-ownership ratio gets dangerously high and market participants choose avoid conversion requests, then the feed should adjusted increase the rate which steem paid for converting sbd. changes the interest rate policy and/or any premiums/discounts the steem/sbd conversion rate should slow and measured response long-term average deviations rather than attempting respond short-term market conditions. our belief that these rules will give market participants confidence that they are unlikely lose money holding sbd purchased price $.. fully expect there narrow trading range between and for sbd under normal market conditions. subjective contributions subjective proof work presents alternative approach distributing currency that improves upon fully objective proof work systems such mining. the applications currency implementing subjective proof work are far wider than any objective proof work system because they can applied build community around any concept that has sufficiently defined purpose. when individuals join community they buy into particular set beliefs and can vote reinforce the community values purpose. effect, the criteria which work evaluated completely subjective and its definition lives outside the source code itself. one community may wish reward artists, another poets, and another comedians. other communities may choose reward charitable causes help advance political agendas. the value each currency achieves depends upon the demand for influence within particular community and how large the market believes each community can get. unlike prior systems, subjective proof work enables community collectively fund the development whatever finds valuable and enables the monetization previously non monetizable time. distributing currency there are two ways people can get involved with crypto-currency community: they can buy they can work both cases users are adding value the currency, however, the vast majority people have more free time than they spare cash. imagine the goal bootstrapping currency poor community with actual cash but plenty time people can earn money working for one another then they will bootstrap value through mutual exchange facilitated fair accounting/currency system. distributing currency many people possible manner that generally perceived fair challenging task. the tasks that can entirely evaluated objective computer algorithm are limited nature and generally speaking have limited positive external benefits. the case bitcoin-style mining, can result the production specialized hardware and cause people invest time developing more efficient algorithms. may even help find prime numbers, but none these things provide meaningful value society the currency holding community large. more importantly, economies scale and market forces will end excluding everyone but experts from participating this kind distribution. ultimately, computation-based mining just another way buying because requires money pay the electric bill the development hardware necessary the work. order give everyone equal opportunity get involved and earn the currency people must given opportunity work. the challenge how judge the relative quality and quantity work that individuals provide and way that efficiently allocates rewards millions users. this requires the introduction scalable voting process. particular requires that authority allocate funds must distributed and decentralized possible. the first step rewarding millions users commit distributing fixed amount currency regardless how much work actually done how users vote. this changes the question from being should pay? whom should pay? and signals the market that money being distributed and being auctioned off whoever "bids" the most work this similar bitcoin committing award btc whoever finds the most difficult hashes. like bitcoin, all work must done prior-to payout and nothing should paid speculatively the promise work the future. the next step reward everyone who does anything even remotely positive with something this accomplished ranking all work done and distributing proportionally its value. the more competitive the market becomes, the more difficult (higher quality quantity) becomes earn the same payout. voting distribution currency assume there fixed amount money distribute, and that those who have long-term vested interest the future value and utility the currency are the ones who must decide how allocate it. every vesting user casts their votes who did the best work and the end the day the available money for that day divided proportional the votes such that everyone with even one net positive vote gets something. the naive voting process creates n-person prisoner's dilemma whereby each individual voter has incentive vote for themselves the expense the larger community goal. every voter defects voting for themselves then currency will end distributed and the currency whole will fail gain network effect. the other hand, only one voter defects then that voter would win undeserved profits while having minimal effect the overall value the currency. voting abuse regardless how much money any one individual has, there are always many other individuals with similar wealth. even the wealthiest individual rarely has much more than the next couple wealthiest combined. furthermore, those who have large investment community also have the most lose attempting game the voting system for themselves. would like the ceo company deciding stop paying salaries could pocket all the profits. everyone would leave work for other companies and the company would become worthless, leaving the ceo bankrupt rather than wealthy. fortunately, any work that getting large concentration votes also gaining the most scrutiny (publicity). through the addition negative-voting possible for many smaller stakeholders nullify the voting power collusive groups defecting large stakeholders. furthermore, large-stakeholders have more lose the currency falls value due abuse than they might gain voting for themselves. fact, honest large stakeholders are likely more effective policing abuse and using negative voting than they would voting for smaller contributions. the use negative-voting keep people from abusing the system leverages the crab mentality that many people have when perceived that one individual profiting the expense everyone else. while crab mentality normally refers short-sighted people keeping good people down, also what allows good people keep bad people down. the only "problem" with crab mentality when people wrongly believe someone profiting everyone else's expense. n-person prisoner's dilemma https://cs.stanford.edu/people/eroberts/courses/soco/projects/-/game-theory/npd.html the story the crab bucket man was walking along the beach and saw another man fishing the surf with bait bucket beside him. drew closer, saw that the bait bucket had lid and had live crabs inside. "why don't you cover your bait bucket the crabs won't escape?", said. "you don't understand.", the man replied, "if there one crab the bucket would surely crawl out very quickly. however, when there are many crabs the bucket, one tries crawl the side, the others grab hold and pull back down that will share the same fate the rest them." with people. one tries something different, get better grades, improve herself, escape her environment, dream big dreams, other people will try drag her back down share their fate. eliminating "abuse" not possible and shouldn't the goal. even those who are attempting "abuse" the system are still doing work. any compensation they get for their successful attempts abuse collusion least valuable for the purpose distributing the currency the make-work system employed traditional bitcoin mining the collusive mining done via mining pools. all that necessary ensure that abuse isn't rampant that undermines the incentive real work support the community and its currency. the goal building community currency get more "crabs the bucket". going extreme measures eliminate all abuse like attempting put lid the bucket prevent few crabs from escaping and comes the expense making harder add new crabs the bucket. sufficient make the walls slippery and give the other crabs sufficient power prevent others from escaping. rate limited voting major part minimizing abuse the rate-limiting voting. individual users can only read and evaluate many work items per day. any attempt vote more frequently than this sign automation and potential abuse. through rate limiting, stakeholders who vote more frequently have each vote count for less than stakeholders who vote less frequently. attempts divide tokens among multiple accounts also divides influence and therefore does not result net increase influence nor bypass the rate-limit imposed voting. users are allotted fixed amount voting power. voting power multiplied user's vesting tokens determine how much share the reward pool should allocated given work item. every vote that cast uses percentage remaining voting power. users can vote for more posts, but each vote will the story the crab bucket, http://guidezone.e-guiding.com/jmstory_crabs.htm worth less, and will take longer reach full voting power again. voting power recharges fixed linear rate per day. payout distribution one the primary goals steem's reward system produce the best discussions the internet. each and every year the yearly inflation distributed users submitting, voting on, and discussing content. the size bitcoin this could several million dollars per day being given the top contributors. the actual distribution will depend upon the voting patterns users, but suspect that the vast majority the rewards will distributed the most popular content. zipf's law one those empirical rules that characterize surprising range real-world phenomena remarkably well. says that order some large collection size popularity, the second element the collection will about half the measure the first one, the third one will about one-third the measure the first one, and on. general, the th-ranked item will measure about the first one. taking popularity rough measure value, then the value each individual item given zipf's law. that is, have million items, then the most popular will contribute third the total value, the next another third, and the remaining the final third. the value the collection items proportional log(n). the impact this voting and payout distribution offer large bounties for good content while still rewarding smaller players for their long-tail contribution. the economic effect this similar lottery where people overestimate their probability getting votes and thus more work than the expected value their reward and thereby maximize the total amount work performed service the community. the fact that everyone "wins something" plays the same psychology that casinos use keep people gambling. other words, small rewards help reinforce the idea that possible earn bigger rewards. zipf's law https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zipf%s_law payouts when post receives payout takes the form sbd and sp. the steem power give the user increased voting and transaction power while the sbd gives the user immediate benefit stable currency. we've already discussed length, designed encourage long-term holding rather than short-term selling. this encourages more users have vested interest the long-term success the platform. users also have the option paid sp, well decline payout posts. when user declines payout post, the money that would have been paid them remains the rewards pool, distributed other users. consensus algorithm consensus the process which community comes universally recognized, unambiguous agreement piece information. there are many algorithms society has developed for reaching consensus about who owns what. every government earth primitive consensus algorithm whereby the population agrees abide certain set rules enshrined constitution. governments establish courts, judges, and juries interpret the subjective facts and render final decision. most the time people abide the decision even was wrong. the algorithms used cryptocurrencies provide better way reach consensus. cryptographically signed testimony from individuals recorded public ledger that establishes the absolute global order events. deterministic computer algorithm can then process this ledger derive universally accepted conclusion. long the members community agree the processing algorithm, the result the algorithm authoritative. the primary consideration determining what testimony allowed enter the public record. systems should designed minimize the potential for censorship. censorship the public ledger similar preventing someone from voting election. both cases individual prevented from impacting the global consensus. consensus steem conceptually, the consensus algorithm adopted steem similar the consensus algorithm adopted companies throughout the world. people with vested interest the future value steem vote select individuals responsible for including testimony the public record. voting weighted proportional each individual's vested interest. the world cryptocurrencies, the public record commonly referred blockchain block group signed transactions. with steem, block production done rounds. each round witnesses are selected create and sign blocks transactions. twenty these witnesses are selected approval voting and one timeshared every witness that didn't make into the top proportional their total votes. the active witnesses are shuffled every round prevent any one witness from constantly ignoring blocks produced the same witness placed before. any witness who misses block and hasn't produced the last hours will disabled until they update their block signing key. this process designed provide the best reliability while ensuring that everyone has the potential participate block production regardless whether they are popular enough get voted the top. people have three options overcome censorship the top elected witnesses: patiently wait line with everyone else not the top purchase more improve voting power. generally speaking, applying censorship good way for elected witnesses lose their job and therefore, unlikely real problem the steem network. because the active witnesses are known advance, steem able schedule witnesses produce blocks every seconds. witnesses synchronize their block production via the ntp protocol. variation this algorithm has been use the bitshares network for over year where has been proven reliable. eliminating transaction fees steem goes great lengths reward people for contributing the network. would counterproductive turn around and charge people every time they attempt interact with the community. blockchain technology currently depends upon transaction fees prevent spam. these fees suffer all the known problems with microtransactions and prevent blockchains from being used for low-value transactions. truly decentralized applications must offer users the appearance free transactions they wish compete with their centralized alternatives. this paper outlines the approach used steem eliminate the need for fees and thereby enable wide range previously untenable decentralized applications. the problem with fees blockchains are decentralized networks where all transactions are broadcast all peers. every often block produced that includes some all the pending transactions. all blockchains must find solution prevent malicious users from consuming all the available network capacity with worthless transactions. these worthless transactions can prevent other valuable transactions from being processed and ultimately destroy the network. the solution adopted most blockchains thus far charge minimum transaction fee. fee worth just few cents enough make attacking the network expensive and unprofitable. while this approach solves the spam problem, introduces new problems. imagine solving the email spam problem introducing small fee every email; people wouldn't use email. micropayments don't work the fundamental problem with charging transaction fees that micropayments don't work, especially for low-value user actions. when fee charged every transaction, limits the types transactions that decentralized network can process. regardless how rational the argument for the necessity fees, users still hate the experience being nickeled and dimed for everything that they do. imagine the websites use every day charged fee every time modify our accounts changing the password. users expect certain things free. requiring users make decision whether not action worth small fee creates anxiety that causes users leave. transaction can't worth much require decision but worth little that that decision automatic. there certain amount anxiety involved any decision buy, matter how small, and derives not from the interface used the time required, but from the very act deciding. micropayments, like all payments, require comparison: this much worth that much there minimum mental transaction cost created this fact that cannot optimized away, because the only transaction user will willing approve with thought will one that costs them nothing, which transaction all. clay shirky the world financial payments, small fees are acceptable because the value the transaction extremely high relative the fee charged, and the buyer has already made decision buy. the world potential blockchain applications far greater than just financial payments and includes many necessary transactions for which fees are simply unacceptable users. systems like bitshares, nxt, ripple, counter party and stellar all allow users place limit orders the blockchain and all them charge users small fee perform this action. later the user wishes cancel their order, another fee charged. systems like ethereum take micropayments whole new level: charging per calculation. all these systems struggle attract new mainstream users for the same reasons that decentralized search engine would struggle attract users from google charged clay shirky, the case against micropayments http://www.openpp.com/pub/a/pp////micropayments.html small fee for every search. doesn't matter how good the service is, people expect certain things free. this true even user ends paying more overall under different fee structure. fees are barrier entry any fee creates barrier entry for new users. before someone can experiment with ethereum they must acquire some eth tokens. anyone wanting build decentralized application ethereum must pass the cost their customers. buying crypto currency not easy task and rarely makes sense for amounts less than this means that new users wanting try out new decentralized application must first convinced part with changing fees over time network must adjust fees. this can happen either due increase the value the token due surge capacity. users like predictable fees and guaranteed service. while possible dynamically adjust fees during times heavy use, the result poor user experience. sybil attacks centralized websites prevent spam through rate limiting and some form verification. even something simple recaptcha sufficient limit the creation fake accounts. someone abuses their account then centralized websites are free block the account. decentralized system there direct way ban users nor centralized provider able host recaptcha and enforce rate limiting accounts. fact, the inability censor users one the main selling points blockchain technology. full reserve fractional reserve let's view blockchain like internet service provider (isp) co-op which owns all the cables the town and has maximum amount bandwidth that can provide any time. people living the town can buy shares the isp and exchange they are entitled utilize portion the available bandwidth. the isp has two choices, run "full reserve" "fractional reserve" system. under full reserve system each user only allowed fraction the maximum bandwidth proportional her shares. because not everyone uses the internet the same time, the town's network would significantly underutilized. under fractional reserve system the individual users could utilize more bandwidth than they are entitled any given point time long not everyone uses the internet the same time. the problem with operating fractional reserve that congestion occurs anytime too many people wish use the network the same time. the isp needs way prioritize bandwidth during congested periods. the most recaptcha, easy humans, hard bots https://www.google.com/recaptcha/intro/index.html extreme case, fully congested network must revert full reserve system. the challenge setting the proper fractional reserve ratio. bandwidth instead micropayment channels the solution the problems with micropayments implementing dynamic fractional reserves. under this model the blockchain will automatically adjust the reserve ratio for the network during times congestion. the blockchain will set target utilization that leaves enough headroom for short term surges demand. any time the surges are sustained the blockchain reduces the maximum bandwidth-per-share. when surge over and there surplus capacity the blockchain can slowly increase the bandwidth-per-share. bandwidth used individual user should measured over suitably long period time allow that user time-shift their usage. users tend login, many things once, then logout. this means that their bandwidth over short period time may appear much higher than viewed over longer period time. the time window stretched too far then the reserve ratio will not adjust fast enough respond short-term surges, the window too short then clustering usage will have too big impact normal users. our estimate should sufficient measure the average weekly bandwidth usage users. every time user signs transaction, that transaction factored into their own individual moving average. any time user's moving average exceeds the current network limit their transaction delayed until their average falls below the limit. impact capacity blockchain capacity isn't necessarily capped. well within the technological capability internet infrastructure increase the bitcoin block size which turn will reduce the minimum required balance factor while bitcoin currently supports about transactions per second, alternative implementations are capable over transactions per second. comparison fees assume user with dollars worth btc transacts once per week and pays cent fee each time then they would pay over fees per year. user would have earn rate return their dollars just break even with paying fees. chances are that users were going hold their money the blockchain anyway, this user with worth btc just saved over the course year adopting rate-limiting approach rather than fee-based approach. with just they could transact every single day and save per year. account creation steem's account-based system with publicly known balances simplifies the implementation the bandwidth-based rate limiting algorithm. any account with balance below the minimum required transact once per week would unable transact. this implies that all new accounts should funded with least this minimum balance. also implies that users wishing transact smaller amounts can, long they hold larger balance and reuse the account. possible for low-balance account created during time low usage become inaccessible the network usage picks up. the funds could recovered any time temporarily delegating larger balance the account. order maintain reasonable user experience with minimum number hung accounts, all new accounts should start out with balance times the minimum required transact weekly. this way even demand increases factor the account will remain viable. any initial account balance would have come from the user creating the account and not from token creation due the potential for sybil attacks. justifying minimum balances the concept forcing users maintain minimum balance flows naturally from the value user. anyone running business knows that every single user has significant value. businesses spend anywhere from acquire user. sometimes they pay users directly, other times they pay for advertizing, and still other times entire companies are bought just for their user base. after company acquires user they often given them many free services just keep them around long enough monetize them through some other means. ripple uses minimum balance that scales with account resource use and requires that new accounts get funded with least this minimum balance. currently this minimum balance about which greater than the estimated would allow someone transact freely least once per week. blockchain can enforce minimum value per user through the simple process requiring minimum balance. any business that wishes bring new customer the blockchain can pre-fund that user's account with the minimum balance that would allow them transact. requiring relatively large fee ($.) sign new users will naturally force anyone offering free accounts vet the quality and uniqueness each account before registering them with the blockchain. maintaining minimum balance effectively the same making users pay transaction fees with the interest they could have earned their balance. the minimum balance simply the balance required earn enough interest pay fee relatively short period time. fortunately, the minimum balance required can low dollar and this something users can understand and appreciate. the opportunity cost lost interest doesn't incur the cognitive cost micro-fee and far more acceptable users. forbes, tristan louis, "how much user worth?" http://www.forbes.com/sites/tristanlouis////how-much-is-a-us ripple, account reserves https://ripple.com/build/reserves/ the steem used pre-fund account powered the new account (i.e., converted steem power). portion the used fund new account may delegated from the creator the account. when user delegated sp, they may use the for voting and bandwidth purposes were their own, but the ownership the remains with the user who delegated it. user may remove the delegation any time. after cool-down period, the returned their account. effectiveness relative fees compare the effectiveness rate limiting fees must consider how the two systems react intentional network flooding attacker. under bitcoin attacker with dollars could disrupt service for entire day filling every single block. the same attacker would unable disrupt service for even single block under the dynamic fractional reserve rate limiting approach. more extreme case and assume the attacker holds all coins then presume attacker with million dollars. such attacker could deny the bitcoin blockchain service for years unless the miners increased fees capacity. even fees were raised per transaction, the attacker could still keep the network flooded for days. under the rate limiting approach, someone who holds all coins with intent flood the network would achieve their goal for less than seconds. renting vs. buying vs. time sharing when someone owns house they expect the right use the house for free. group people buy house together then each can expect the right use the house proportional their percentage ownership the house. fee based blockchain like renting the house from its owners, whereas rate limiting like timeshare among owners. house owned multiple people then those individuals must decide how they wish timeshare the house. someone who owns the house but only uses one weekend per year might expect paid the individuals who take their unused time. this the mindset fee based system. the other hand, someone who owns the house speculating that demand for the house will increase the future and they will able sell their stake for more. any owner who owns more house than they use becomes real estate speculator. with this mindset rather than collecting rent, they collect appreciation. the value share derived from how much time can potentially grant its owner. owning house and getting weekend per year the lowest value share. however, half the shareholders never use their weekend, then the value per timeshare rises weekends per year. those inactive users instead opt rent their unused time, then falls back weekend per year. those unused timeshares were sold people who would use them then the value timeshare would fall unless the rent collected greater than the fall share value the timeshare owners are making economic miscalculation. using this rationale can assume that system based fees will either more expensive for its users less profitable for its collective owners. individual small owner may profit renting out his small time slice, but only the expense all other timeshare owners. effect, the cost the falling timeshare value shared among all owners whereas the profits are centralized the single owner who decided rent his share. can conclude from this that blockchain best served not using usage fees all. usage fee were charged alternative rate limiting, then should the equivalent buying enough timeshares and committing hold them long enough gain the right use once. stated another way, transaction fee should equal the minimum account balance necessary transact once per week and should refunded the end the week. assume the minimum account balance and allows someone transact once per week. someone with balance that wishes perform transactions once they will have increase their balance for week either before after their transactions. theory market could form where users can borrow the stake required. practice more efficient for users simply buy and sell the timeshares necessary meet their desired usage rate. other words, the cost negotiating micro-loans greater than the cost maintaining balance suitable for your maximum weekly usage. decentralized rate limiting transactions can enable new types decentralized applications that were not viable when every use the application required micropayment. this new model gives application developers the ability decide and when charge their users for transactions. performance and scalability the steem network built upon graphene, the same technology that powers bitshares. graphene has been publicly demonstrated sustaining over transactions per second distributed test network. graphene can easily scale more transactions per second with relatively straightforward improvements server capacity and communication protocols. reddit scale steem capable handling larger userbase than reddit. reddit's million users generated average comments per second, with average comments per year per user. there were million top-level posts, for average new posts per second. there were about billion votes creating average voting rate votes per second. all told, reddit were operating blockchain would require average transactions per second. reddit statistics, number users and comments per second http://expandedramblings.com/index.php/reddit-stats// achieve this industry-leading performance, steem has borrowed lessons learned from the lmax exchange, which able process million transactions per second. among these lessons are the following key points: keep everything memory. keep the core business logic single thread. keep cryptographic operations (hashes and signatures) out the core business logic. divide validation into state-dependent and state-independent checks. use object oriented data model. following these simple rules, steem able process transactions per second without any significant effort devoted optimization. keeping everything memory increasingly viable given the recent introduction optane(tm) technology from intel. should possible for commodity hardware handle all the business logic associated with steem single thread with all posts kept memory for rapid indexing. even google keeps their index the entire internet ram. the use blockchain technology makes trivial replicate the database many machines prevent loss data. optane(tm) technology takes over, ram will become even faster while gaining persistence. other words, steem designed for the architectures the future and designed scale. initial allocation supply the steem network started with currency supply and allocated steem via proof work rate approximately steem per minute miners, with additional steem per minute being created seed the content and curation reward pools (for total steem per minute). then the network started rewarding users who converted sp. this point, steem grew rate approximately steem per minute due the combined effects the various contribution rewards summarized below: contribution rewards: curation rewards: steem per block per year, whichever greater content creation rewards: steem per block per year, whichever greater block production rewards: steem per block per year, whichever greater pow inclusion rewards before block steem per block (awarded steem per round) pow inclusion rewards after block steem per block (awarded steem per round) per year, whichever greater. martin fowler, the lmax architecture http://martinfowler.com/articles/lmax.html introducing intel optane technology bringing xpoint memory storage and memory products https://newsroom.intel.com/press-kits/introducing-intel-optane-technology-bringing-d-xpoint-memory-to-storage-a nd-memory-products/ liquidity rewards: steem per block (awarded steem per hour) per year, whichever greater power rewards: steem power rewards: for each steem created the above rewards, steem are divided among all steem power holders. sbd operations: sbd rewards: percentage sbd value created apr set the witnesses and paid sbd holders sbd the overall supply picture complicated the effect sbd operations, which may result large-scale creation destruction steem through feed rate following and sbd rewards, discussed the sbd section. other, smaller-scale complicating effects also exist, including unclaimed incentives (e.g. block rewards for missed blocks), and abandoned accounts. current allocation supply starting with the network's hard fork december steem began creating new tokens yearly inflation rate .%. the inflation rate decreases rate every blocks, about per year. the inflation will continue decreasing this pace until the overall inflation rate reaches .%. this will take about years from the time hard fork went into effect. the new tokens that are generated fund the reward pool, which split between authors and curators. the new tokens are awarded holders sp. the remaining pays for the witnesses power the blockchain. impact token creation rate often said that coin with inflationary model not sustainable, but know from countless real-world examples that the quantity money does not have direct and immediate impact its value, though certainly plays role. from august through january the u.s. money supply grew from $,b, rate over per year and then continued grow about per year for the next years. all told the money supply the u.s. has grown over less than years. during that same time, the value united states money supply, https://research.stlouisfed.org/fred/graph/?s%b%d%bid%d=ambns the dollar relative goods and services has fallen less than according the government's price index. this real-world example demonstrates that supply only one component price. for the first years bitcoin's life the network sustained annual inflation rate over for the first years was over and for the first years was over all told the total "spending" steem does fund content, curation, and block production amounts less than apr. the price digital commodity, like steem, driven both supply and demand. when long-term holder decides exit, the supply steem the market will increase and push the price down. this downward pressure countered when new long-term holder decides buy the steem and convert back into sp. additional supply and demand may added due market speculators buying and selling liquid steem based their predictions the future market price. the power steem steem recognizes that the value all user contributions (posts and votes) greater than the sum the parts. single comment worth next nothing, but millions curated posts worth many millions (or possibly even billions) dollars. single vote provides little curation value, but billions votes very effective curation. content without curation limited value. given all the content the internet minus the links between it, google would struggle produce useful search results. the links between information that give significant value. because everyone benefits, everyone should pay. other words, individual user should expected pay for anything, but instead should paid for everything they that brings value steem. all need ascertain which user contributions bring social network value and which ones don't. collectively reddit users vote times per second and make posts per second. reddit valued between million and billion which means that each and every upvote and post worth between and assuming the value reddit mostly within the past year's worth activity. one could argue that most the value reddit the near-real-time discussions that have occurred within the past week which would dramatically increase the value new activity. people where people are today, not where people were last year. cpi inflation index, united states dollar http://data.bls.gov/cgi-bin/cpicalc.pl?cost=&year=&year= bitcoin annual inflation rate, bitcoin talk forum https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=. reddit valuaton, newsweek, http://www.newsweek.com/investors-think-reddit-worth--million- worth web, march http://www.worthofweb.com/website-value/reddit.com/ micropayments, tips optional existing attempts integrating cryptocurrency into social media platform have focused enabling users pay one another. many services have attempted introduce tipping. the theory that make tipping simple enough then more people will it. other services attempt get people pay promote boost their content's ranking. still others attempt build small prediction markets how many tips article will receive. all these approaches boil down micropayments. they differ only who making the payment. they all suffer from insufficient engagement people making the micropayments. the search for incentivised content production entrepreneurs have been focused who should pay that they missed the obvious reality: everyone benefits from everyone's actions everyone should pay one should pay, depending how you look it. steem bypasses micropayments completely because when user upvotes post the community that pays the bill. the same amount money will spent whether the user upvotes post not and the funds will not come from the voter. the mental energy associated with making economic decision becomes barrier participation for most people. already face multitude choices everyday with regards what access online this digital era the information explosion, and every additional decision that must make simply adds the uncertainty and anxiety face. micropayment supporters believe that simplified implementation can minimize the intrusiveness micropayments and improve user experience, but their argument only creates double standards for the decision making process []. transaction cannot simultaneously worth enough warrant decision and worth little that the decision automatic. the only transactions that users can approve without thought are ones that cost them nothing thus any micro-transaction positive value will incur mental costs through its requiring decision. furthermore, mental transaction costs actually rise below certain threshold value, phenomenon that places micropayments even greater disadvantage. for instance, easy think that copy today's newspapers costs but readers face much more difficulty and anxiety deciding the value each article word. such dilemma will only replicated and exacerbated all online content were broken down into their components and individually valued within micropayment system. micropayments: viable business model under steem, micropayments are paid content producer, but those who vote for the content not pay. instead, the cost the reward paid for via new tokens. someone can join the system, vote pay someone, and then exit the system with more money than they started with micropayments: viable business model http://cs.stanford.edu/people/eroberts/cs/projects/-/microp (assuming the market valuation the steem system remained constant). other words, the micropayment solution provided steem provides user-experience similar many widely used websites that have user-moderated content. furthemore, steem pays people figure out who should paid! this kind thinking revolutionary. value the links the internet would lose the vast majority its value all links among content were removed. the relationship among web pages that allows google identify the best apple pie recipe among the million results. without the links the only information google would have word frequency. links can take many forms and have adapted over time. every time user votes content social network they add connection between themselves and the content. this turn links the consumer the producer through the content. the more connections network has the more valuable the information becomes. the relative and intentional connectedness information that gives value. social network can maximize the value extracted from set content maximizing the quantity and quality connections. curating content expensive and time consuming while being near impossible for computers perform the absence links. steem rewards users who are among the first find and identify new content. incentivising curation the steem network able use automated algorithms extract the most valuable information from massive amount content. solving the cryptocurrency onboarding problem isn't easy get into cryptocurrency. someone who discovers bitcoin and wants try out quickly learns that they will need sign with exchange and fund their account with credit card wire transfer. what would facebook's adoption rate have been like you had fork over money and two forms id? steem solves this problem giving everyone way get paid for doing simple, but valuable, tasks. this will help widely distribute steem tokens. this helpful because cryptocurrencies have network effect (i.e. more users make more useful; for extreme example, consider that satoshi had kept bitcoin for himself, bitcoin would worthless.) dailydot, jon southurt, april http://www.dailydot.com/opinion/bitcoin-cryptocurrency-adoption-hard solving the cryptocurrency liquidation problem currency that difficult use impossible sell has little value. someone who comes across worth bitcoin will discover that costs more than sell that bitcoin. they have create account with exchange, perform kyc validation, and pay fees. small amounts cryptocurrency are like small change that people are unwilling bend over pick up. merchants give users way quickly convert their cryptocurrency into tangible goods and services. merchants need currency pegged their unit account, normally dollars. accepting volatile currency introduces significant accounting overhead. merchants will accept any currency increases their sales. having large user base with stable currency such sbd lowers the barrier entry for merchants. the presence merchants improves the system creating off-ramp for users exit the system without going the trouble using exchange. another way that people can liquidate the small amounts cryptocurrency they receive from participating the steem platform through tipping others. this like leaving the small change tip for your waiter. when enough people leave small tips adds meaningful amount. you and the waiter each gain benefit from the tip. censorship steem decentralized network that operated witnesses jurisdictions around the world. all user actions are publicly recorded the blockchain, and can publicly verified. this means that there single entity that can censor content that valued steem holders. individual websites such steemit.com may censor content their particular site, but content published the blockchain inherently broadcast traffic and mirrors all around the world may continue make available. freedom speech the foundation all other liberties and any infringement upon freedom speech undermines the only peaceful means reaching consensus: discussion. without free discussion voters cannot fully informed, and uninformed voters are greater threat society than losing the right vote. censorship means stealing votes through limiting public discourse. steem committed enabling free speech and building free society. solving organic discovery via search engine optimization most cryptocurrencies generate little value for those who are not actively using the network. steem, contrast, generates content and encourages users share it. this content gets indexed search engines and ultimately will bring value large number passive users. this search traffic creates organic advertising for the steem network and grows the network effect. shifting toward blockchain-based attribution the internet represents the easiest medium for distributing information the world. with that said, can frightening place for content creators who would like own their content and have shared with proper attribution. current social media platforms, attribution something that can lost overnight posted video image can replicated and re-shared without consent regard for the creator. under blockchain-based social media, creator author would always able point public record and timestamp showing proof their content origination. circumstance where creator would like address those who have re-shared without permission attribution, blockchain-based records provide public proof that the content was posted particular user particular time. the future, blockchain-based attribution could come recognized governments for its authenticity and could hold weight court, which would give content creators greater powers control their work. while timestamping service can built almost any blockchain, and several efforts exist build this kind service the bitcoin network, steem has useful advantage this realm because content publishers are "first class citizens" the steem blockchain built from the ground around the use case content publication, which allows content creators have the blockchain validate their content certain point time simply writing their post using the same authoring tools used other steem users. replacing advertising with blockchain-based content rewards under most content monetization models, content creators leverage advertising one form another. many creators recognize how advertising may diminish their work's value the consumer, yet creators very often must seek returns their time monetizing. advertising represents double-edged sword: with ads, creator can make money most easily. without ads, monetization difficult but the content richer. creators posting social media outlets that are connected steem may monetize merely having their work recognized (or "liked") the steem community. blockchain-based payouts are completely digital and have middle-man. therefore monetization blockchain-based content rewards should faster and much lower barrier use than monetization advertisements. conclusion steem experiment designed address challenges the cryptocurrency and social media industries combining the best aspects from both. steem presents earning opportunities content creators and internet readers ways that have not existed within the social media industry. within steem, individuals earn real rewards online that are directly correlated their contributions. those rewards may have dollar value due the market price discovery and liquidity steem, and the people who hold steem may have more exclusive earning powers than those who not.