stem cell coin regenerative medicine the world table contents disclaimer this white paper describes the first sale the stem cell coin (scc). described this paper, scc cryptocurrency which has been designed use for all the services provided the stem cell project team and its affiliate companies. the scc token has been created the basis ethereum network, this token has nature securities any legal jurisdiction. this paper not for inviting investors for offering securities any means any legal jurisdiction. please note that purchasing scc all definitive and non-refundable. individual, company and any other organization must consider risks purchasing scc and its costs and benefits carefully. information contained this paper and the whole document not comprehensive. also, this paper does not represent privity contract between our company and token purchasers. the accuracy, reliability and integrity materials included this paper provided other sites association with this ico are not guaranteed, and accept legal responsibilities for that. for other companies and individuals, scc does not represent, warrant promise truth, accuracy and integrity any kind information described this paper, and scc does not intend so. scc also disclaims representation, warranty promise them. important items requiring confirmation purchasing scc can carry serious risk. consider that the purchasers have already accepted the following risks before buying the coins. the purchasers recognize that some services the stem cell project are currently under development and major modification may occur the period the start the services. the purchasers understand that expectations for the forms and features the stem cell project may not fulfilled due various reasons. the purchasers understand that some cryptocurrency exchanges may deny connection this project although scc devotes best efforts connect major exchanges and, result, the liquidity provided through platform may become lower than that expected this paper. the purchasers understand that the date official release may late although scc devotes best efforts start scheduled. there may broad fluctuations the value scc and its lowering due various reasons. scc will issued neo blockchain. therefore, transfer scc purchasers' capability holding the coin safely may affected troubles neo protocol unexpected function. what ico? ico (initial coin offering) method for financial arrangements issuing original digital token and selling it. this not assign equity like stock funding but simply sell the token like rewardbased crowdfunding. the token not recognized "cryptocurrency" the time selling, which means that the ico not the method for "financial arrangements" strict definition but for selling the token. thus those who buy are not "investors" for the project but are the "purchasers the token." the point time, the scc token cannot used repayment for consideration for unspecified persons, and considered that this ico project fits the above-mentioned definitions since situation where there exchange market between the token and the legal currencies, bitcoin, and any other existing cryptocurrencies. purposes ico all the produced funds will used for development the stem cell project. development/introduction payment system for the cost stem cell treatment our own hospitals/affiliate clinics development/introduction pathological/diagnostic imaging systems artificial intelligence (ai) and blockchain development virtual clinic platform costs construction and expansion hospitals for stem cell treatment research and clinical work for pharmaceuticalization stem cells brief overview stem cell coin road map concepts our project industrialized countries including japan, which have increasingly aging populations, the number people suffering chronic diseases are increasing. because development public transports, people don't exercise enough and begin have obese and metabolic syndrome. thus health maintenance/promotion captures their interest. concept "health care" becomes very important nowadays. the other hand, the number qualified professionals such medical doctors and nurses decreasing. time wait for the physical examination doctor getting longer, and the burden the medical experts also getting heavier year after year. such circumstance, will develop "ai personal doctor" the basis the concept "eselfcare" for health maintenance people around the world. will provide "aging well concept" which self-maintenance own health oneself the whole world. from world population have lack exercise people tend have lack exercise their cultures are developing. result, they experience body weight gain which leads chronic diseases such diabetes mellitus and hypertension. there have been tools which can lead them healthy state and maintain the state. our challenge find out how utilize these tools obtain better results for becoming healthy. million people the whole world, and the number growing phenomenal speed. fact, estimated that about causes death the world will chronic disease chronic diseases are well managed patients, their family members and health care teams, patients can enjoy their life healthier and also the burden treatment costs can minimized. additional burden will cause crisis. assumed that the population years old over increased further. addition the currently aging industrialized countries, the developing countries with rapid population growth will soon become aging societies. you think their dreams life with peace, safe and comfortable will come true? what should before worldwide aging societies become reality. according the report who, need million more medical doctors, nurses and medical support staff, and such situation not expected improve the future. they are already insufficient number, and how can keep providing essential medical and welfare services? technologies playing role the future health will open new doors obtain vital data such body temperature, blood pressure, and pulse rate easily, need technologies sense the physical quantities. the obtained biological information are not discarded after temporal usage but accumulated and the course will followed. order make the above happen, high-security network which can transfer data freely necessary. when the technologies are integrated, people's lifestyles and environments will change significantly. the change what are providing: future medical services achieved iot and blockchain personal doctor (keep all the doctors the world for oneself) our vision bring new structure with and blockchain the old medical system. this can breakthrough the healthcare industry and bring affluent society which people live health. revolutionize medical services with and blockchain. the revolution, however, doesn't destroy the structure the current medical services, but rather aims complement the current services and expand their breadth. example, utilization cutting-edge sensing technologies and chatbots reduce the burden medical staff and improve the accuracy medical examinations, and also application analysis and blockchain create new medical service the area private practice (no health insurance applicable). aim spread these across the world our final goal create environment that everyone can always receive high-quality medical services wherever they are. labor force the medical field also decreases the population decreases. such situation, the condition receive advanced treatment becomes even tougher for patients. along with improving the skills doctors, procedures associated with medical examinations need reduced. brief overview our project stem cell project medical project mainly focused the following points: development and popularization means payment for the costs stem cell treatment the affiliate hospitals and pathological/diagnostic imaging systems using and blockchain. the followings are the main purposes our project: make stem cell treatment possible pay cryptocurrency stem cell therapy helps activate weakened cells and proliferate important cells declining number daily. after stem cell administration, the cells are circulating through the body. once finding out damaged tissues, the stem cells are activated themselves and trying repair and regenerate the tissues. this therapy shows promise for treatment anti-aging, diabetes mellitus, etc. however, currently, stem cell therapy can provided only medically advanced countries. recent years, stem cell therapy has captured the world's attention. so, are expecting worldwide financial inflow regenerative medicine means cryptocurrency payment. introduction pathological/diagnostic imaging systems with and blockchain are developing the near-future health check system which can share automatic diagnoses with images and pathological data among clinics and hospitals the world using and blockchain technologies. will let the system grow the level that can screen medical big data rapidly and accurately. are also planning use the provided big data for revealing relationship cancers the basis the patient information such nationality, race, gender and age. development virtual clinic platform when patients experience illness/disorders, they often have following questions, "which hospital should go?" and "which department should choose?" also visiting hospital just for receiving medicines wasting time and becomes burden for patients. order solve such problems, develop virtual clinic platform which can make patients feel closer connection doctors using the network among the member hospitals/clinics japan society aesthetic regenerative medicine and aibot diagnosis, remote medical checkup system, search/reservation hospitals/clinics. all the payments the platform can done scc. *aibot diagnosis: can predict suspected patient's disease(s) only with asking questions regarding symptoms and affected parts. *remote medical checkup system: doctors can examine patients who cannot visit medical institutions for reasons their living environments using video calls etc. research and clinical work therapeutic formulations with stem cells the final goal our stem cell project "pharmaceuticalization stem cells." doing research and clinical work therapeutic formulations with stem cells and putting them into public circulation, will able achieve our aims give more opportunities those who need regenerative medicine and optimize the treatment costs. keeping development the world's first "cell bank" mind, also create surrounding which people with diseases can treated with their own cells which took and stored beforehand their healthy state. more details stem cell therapy has been attracting worldwide attention recent years, however, the therapy can currently provided only countries such the us, germany, switzerland, russia (only governmental institutions), and japan. amid increasing demand for stem cell therapy especially asia, the therapy can currently provided only japan among other asian nations. japan, hospitals/clinics which can provide stem cell therapy need obtain approval class regenerative medicine accredited the ministry health, labor and welfare. one our project team, association medical corporation koge-kai, planning obtain the approval class regenerative medicine and having clinic where stem cell therapy can given. although have the clinic which number people can treated, the payment method for the treatment costs issue. especially china, there the regulation annual limit taking chinese yuan out china, and thus, although the demand increasing, currently difficult for them bring their own currency other countries for the treatment which costs about million yen per time. introduction payment system cryptocurrency can solve this issue. while the number individual investors holding cryptocurrencies such bitcoin growing, are planning expand customers our hospitals/affiliate clinics using scc payment method. more details the final goal this system bridge the gaps among the worldwide medical technologies. this system has been developed because lack medical specialists which the issue the current healthcare industry. rare diseases and diseases which are difficult detect tend found out thorough examinations university hospitals general hospitals, and there are many cases which could not detected treated minor hospitals/clinics. this can associated with the major issue lack pathologists. similar situation can seen other medically advanced countries. especially china, there are only around pathologists for the population billion, which serious scarcity labor. result, patients gather major hospitals. brief overview the system that data and x-ray images are scanned system which medical big data have been introduced. this can lead early detection variety diseases and detection rare diseases. furthermore, using this system blockchain, diagnostic data can shared the medical institutions with the system, which can lead medical technology improvement. thus, even the minor hospitals and developing countries can manage high-level medical technology, and gaps the medical technology will filled this system. more details propose virtual clinic platform. patients can receive various medical services device online wherever they are. variety contents will added such remote medical checkup system, chatbot and translation function. more details this directly connected the point our philosophy "regenerative medicine the world." stem cell therapy has been attracting worldwide attention variety symptoms and anti-aging effect; however, only some wealthy people can receive the therapy (mostly for anti-aging) due the high cost. thus stem cell therapy not considered therapy for patients need. for the issue, our project aiming "optimize stem cell therapy cost." since our project team has been established special technology culture stem cells rapidly and accuracy, mass culturing possible. improving this technology and optimizing the treatment cost, can give more opportunities those who need regenerative medicine. aim make regenerative medicine closer our life pharmaceuticalization stem cells the basis research and clinical work. currently, the clinics our project team provides stem cell treatment under the approval class regenerative medicine accredited ministry health, labor and welfare, however; approval class regenerative medicine essential for pharmaceuticalization stem cells. will obtain appropriate approval while the project going further and then provide regenerative medicine the people who need it. advantages our project are not only providing services healthcare, but also holding medical corporation, jsarm and clinics the team. our aim not raise funds for startup like general feature ico, but grow our business further. can introduce and operate the payment system and diagnostic imaging system our own clinics first, which because the stem cell project includes the medical corporation. market sizes and growth potential regenerative medicine the market sizes regenerative medicine will trillion yen japanese market and trillion yen the world market and expected enormous economic effects the near future what stem cell? the human body comprised trillion cells and more than types cells. each type cells has role play such cells grow hairs, cells activate skin. there are cells which don't have specific role and can become several types cells. this "stem cells." stem cells have: potential divide repeatedly and proliferate the same type cells. potential become several different types cells. stem cells gather around damaged area and divide and proliferate repeatedly, which facilitates regeneration the cells and restores the tissue functions. what stem cell therapy? stem cell therapy helps activate weakened cells and proliferate important cells which are declining number daily. after stem cell administration, the cells are circulating through the body. once finding out damaged tissues, the stem cells are activated themselves and trying repair and regenerate the tissues. after catching sdf- signal from the damaged area, the administered stem cells are migrating that area. and the cells repair the area rapidly and move another area (hitand-run phenomenon). the stem cells further stimulate pituitary gland, which restores the hormonal balance and metabolism cycle healthy state. the recent stem cell researches reveal that health many organs can maintained over lifetime with permanent regeneration stem cells. the other hand, organs/tissues are aging stem cells are aging. other words, medically recognized that stem cells play essential role changes caused aging. "stem cells" "core role research aging" materials (research papers/images) stroke treatment (msc,adsc) ttc (triphenyl tetrazolium chloride) dyeing brains after administrations asc and bmsc asc bmsc position position control the model ischemic left middle cerebral artery, shrinkage infarcted areas are more obvious asc than bmsc. materials (research papers/images) neurodegenerative treatment (adsc pathological mechanism alzheimer's disease msc) functions adsc and msc alzheimer's disease characterized blemish-like structure which called senile plaques and lint-like structure which called neurofibrillary tangle. the main component senile plaques b-amyloid peptide consisting amino acids. app cleaved into b-amyloid b-secretase and g-secretase b-amyloid then aggregated and precipitated this peptide resulted from cleavage amyloid precursor protein (app) b-secretase and g-secretase. administered stem cells secrete neprilysin affregation and precipitation b-amyloid can seen the early stage alzheimer's disease and considered the possible cause. b-amyloid accumulated specifically cerebral cortex and form senile plaques. b-amyloid accumulated cerebral blood vessels, which can cause vascular damage. neprilysin degrades b-amyloid human adipose tissue-derived mesenchymal stem cells secrete functional neprilysin-bound exosomes indicated clinical cases indicated clinical case (treatment given) cancer treatment immunotherapy congenial domains: internal medicine, orthopedics, anesthesiology, dermatology depts, etc therapy type: nk-cat therapy, gdt-cell therapy, dendritic cell therapy combination therapy: radiation therapy chemotherapy contradiction for blood cancer compared with solo therapy, combination therapy with radiation and chemotherapy promises less adverse effects, the same time, effect each therapy can maximized. for end-stage patients, pain relief and qol improvement can achieved, which leads improvement qol the patient's family members. indicated clinical case (treatment given) diabetes treatment: stem cell therapy congenial domains: internal medicine, diabetic internal medicine, endocrine metabolic depts (urology, plastic surgery, internal medicine, reproductive medicine, etc) pancreas and kidneys treatment given before the patients fall into chronic pathological state best. early treatment should started the acute stage. early treatment avoids hemodialysis due symptoms the chronic stage in/out japan. deterrence gdp shrink and prevention high healthcare costs are expected. high healthcare costs will prevented beforehand withdrawal from hemodialysis induction differentiation stem cells into insulin producing cells and cell transplantation. moreover, income from healthcare services can one pillars the industry along with income from tourism targeting diabetes patients economically advanced countries. indicated clinical case (treatment given) autoimmune disease stem cell therapy congenial domains: collagen disease, rheumatology, orthopedics depts, etc rheumatism utilization functions stem cells such anti-inflammation and shifting the state immunological tolerance. the state immunological tolerance maintained early, reducing/stopping the progression pathological condition. possibility that exceeds the superiority remicade unknown. behcet's disease there has been report showing improvement ulcers such stomatitis stem cell therapy. might attributed combination functions anti-inflammation and immunological tolerance. indicated clinical case (treatment given) stroke treatment: stem cell therapy congenial domains: internal medicine, rehabilitation, neurosurgery depts, etc stem cells need given months after onset. stem cells are taken during acute phase recovery phase and cultured immediately. the cells are autotransplanted after weeks, stem cells which are less likely rejected the immune system are banked beforehand and are transplanted immediately after onset. order lessening sequelae, stem cell transplantation necessary soon possible. thus, ideally, pharmaceuticalization stem cells may expected banking cells with hla loci homozygous. administration stem cells early stage possible lessens sequalae, and deterrence gdp shrink and prevention high healthcare costs are expected. indicated clinical case (treatment given under r&d) hair regeneration, baldness treatment: stem cell therapy congenial domains: internal medicine, surgery, plastic surgery, dermatology depts, etc stem cell therapy for alopecia. combination use with internal medicines such propecia possible. the therapy still under research and development, but almost established complete treatment. there global demand, and one the main projects our company. marketing especially for wealthy people the world can bring sufficient number patients. kyocera corporation and organ technologies inc. aim put their technology for alopecia into practical use indicated clinical case (treatment given under r&d) cell banking system: cord blood, stem cells congenial domains: maternity and gynecology, internal medicine, surgery, plastic surgery depts, etc for patients suffering stroke and spinal cord injury, stem cell transplantation should provided early stage possible lessen sequelae. securement certain number cells with hla loci homozygous enables provide stem cell formulation the majority japanese people without immunorejection. storage cord blood will supply source for various cases such leukemia. indicated clinical case (treatment given) angiopathy: stem cell therapy congenial domains: cardiovascular, vascular surgery, plastic surgery depts, etc stem cell therapy for agiopathy such buerger's disease and aso. applicable not only for rare diseases but also diabetic patients' peripheral vascular disorder. therapy can achieve course improvement patients' qol and also demand boosting from other countries. indicated clinical case (r&d) psychiatric and neurological disorders stem cell therapy congenial domains: internal medicine, psychiatry, neurology, cranial nerve internal medicine dept, etc lymphocytes r&d and clinical study for medicinal treatment depression and autism for withdrawal the therapeutic medication. endorphin facilitates pain relief and increased activity the same time stem cell therapy r&d and clinical study for treatment neurodegenerative diseases such alzheimer's disease, als, parkinson disease, and pilio. pathological/diagnostic imaging systems and blockchain deep learning has been greatly developed and currently gathering attentions various areas tremendous improvement computer performance, collection big data due the spread world wide web and internet devices, and various research outcomes. deep learning has overwhelming recognition performance especially the field pathology image recognition. the imagenet large scale visual recognition challenge (ilsvrc) where competitions recognition accuracy generic object images are held, the accuracy has kept greatly improving since when deep learning was introduced, and eventually, overtook human recognition performance. deep learning will applied variety fields healthcare with blockchain. deep learning, comparing other computational techniques, can achieve great accuracy; however, order gain such accuracy, requires great deal leaning time even with currently available high-speed calculators. for instance, google spent hours learning time achieve ultrahigh-accuracy convolutional neural network, facenet, which recognizes human face images. are going handle much bigger blockchain network and lead complete solutions for various medical issues using deep learning. terms future issues, since not considered practical that the each issue will learnt with longer time, our purpose reduce leaning time drastically accelerating the leaning speed. experiment which have already started, are turning algorithm for speeding deep learning into reality with the idea new architecture data flow using distributed memory with keyword "parallelization." the current stage, provide aforementioned pathological imaging diagnosis and capillary diagnosis our medical practice. moreover, aim get high throughput/high power efficiency with small temporal granularity achieving high-speed learning with dedicated processors. issues faced health industry limited number radiologists and pathologists japan: radiologists, pathologists japanese board medical specialties cf. china: about radiologists (incl. technicians), about pathologists serious issue regional difference/difference among hospitals cancer treatment reaching critical limits the traditional model pathologists' work since some institutions are sticking with "real material samples", they cannot transition into digitalization pathological examinations. order facilitate the transition, radiology depts. are given preferential national health insurance points they choose digital data storage rather than film storage. number patients with cancer/lifestyle-related diseases growing due the aging society and increase city population. validation results based pathological data (benefit) diagnostic accuracy colorectal cancer (validated with images past diagnosed cases osaka university) the cases were poorly differentiated type ii, which are very difficult even for experienced pathologists. examination time: approx. sec/diagnosis with commonly marketed (over detect (j. diagnostic pathology out system can used for screening, double-check, remote pathological image diagnosis, etc colorectal cancer, stomach cancer, etc. issues faced health industry cost-saving pathological diagnosis improvement diagnostic efficiency and prevention missing cancer diagnoses automatic screening digital images and double-check function automated pathological service applied mathematics (apsam). cost-saving for each hospital (saving storage space for pathological samples digitalization, increase income with remote pathological diagnosis) solution limited number pathologists developed regions: saving labor pathologists, making double-check diagnoses happen developing countries: improvement levels pathological diagnosis hospitals having veteran pathologists, offering remote pathological services for hospitals having pathologists and improvement quality medical services with educational tools. homogenization treatment level (sharing diagnostic criteria) development processing methods for big data pathological images indexing pathological image data enables process medical big data and contributes the improvement medical services. unit: million yen digital pathology market and cagr leading countries england cagr (-) germany china japan global needs and pricing increase number cancer patients developed countries such japan have tendency toward aging population, and thus increase the number cancer patients expected. according improvement healthcare system, major diseases causing death (e.g. infection) decreasing even developing countries. although cancer disease which haven't overcome yet, complete cure could achieved treatment appropriately given. phathologists who indicate treatment methods require sufficient training. needs not enough pathologists throughout the world developed countries: computer aided systems are necessary due busy schedule developing countries: very few pathologists support system necessary (if possible, system which can determine certain level pathology) important have systems which cover and support improvement infrastructure (e.g. remote diagnosis) pricing usage charge apsam will covered social insurance, except the us. *it difficult fix price because pathologists have different status and role each country. this point time, %-% payment amount for pathological diagnosis considered the cost for patient. usually, the part pathological sample normal, and thus development system which can extract abnormal parts only contributes improvement pathological diagnostic efficiency. light that, will set the price comparison with the actual hiring cost pathologist. concept virtual clinic platform when patients experience illness/disorders, they often have following questions, "which hospital should go?" and "which department should choose?" also visiting hospital just for receiving medicines wasting time and becomes burden for patients. order solve such problems, develop virtual clinic platform which can make patients feel closer connection doctors using the network among the member hospitals/clinics japan society aesthetic regenerative medicine and aibot diagnosis, remote medical checkup system, search/reservation hospitals/clinics. various contents are added this platform, and create environment where patients can easily receive medical services online. all the payments the platform can done scc. from the world japan "japan the leading center medical tourism" create our system each country's version and disseminate information japanese advanced medical care. our system responsive requests remote diagnosis from the countries the world hours day. facilitate medical and its related services (e.g. medical checkup, treatment) targeting asian wealthy people collaboration with travel agencies, medical tourism companies/groups. patients can consult healthcare professional for their health problems even they are away from home (e.g. foreigners living in/visiting japan). they can also ask "where can get regular medicine?", "my physical condition suddenly gets worse", etc. all they need choose healthcare professional online from the app. they can consult the healthcare professional their mother tongue. referral form needed, will issued the language that country. you don't need worry case sudden aggravation physical condition. you can consult healthcare professional during trip for change physical condition, run out regular medicines, etc. reachable smart phone. variety healthcare professionals are waiting for your call. you can talk your mother tongue. you can choose right healthcare professional yourself (language, levels profession, etc are listed). emergency illness/symptoms are also acceptable. tell your symptoms well your personal data that hospital and provide referral form and your medical information the language that country. sensor network sensor network cognizes one's circumstances and autonomously cooperates with others. this essential technology realize healthy and wealthy society and can applied wide range areas such healthcare, welfare, crime prevention, security, disaster prevention, environmental risks. this developing for our future social/economic activities. doctor constant collection major biological information (e.g. pulse, bt, bp, blood) and its data base very useful for doctors make decision. sensor network will change healthcare services.. family family can know how the person are receiving the biological information whenever and wherever. family and the person connecting though the network. pharmacist physiotherapist based the biological information, efficiency the prescribed medicine(s) can checked. compared with the past data, pharmacists can prescribe most appropriate medicine(s) for the patient. physiotherapists can know how much the patient doing exercise and consuming energy even they are away from the patient. they can give the patient appropriate advice knowing the exercise level. person he/she the sensor network without noticing. this the purpose virtual clinic. miniaturization and communication function devices are the main points, future key technology. care and welfare services connecting network, care workers can check the patients' conditions all the time. communication with medical institutions and nursing homes smooth. this lessens the burden carers. our society has been established with the purpose contribution development regenerative medicine japan improvement and dissemination research regenerative medicine practices and publication/communication and exchange their knowledge. although named our society "aesthetic," doesn't mean are dedicated cosmetic medicine. use the word "aesthetic" because develop the society into multiple fields regenerative medicine including cosmetic medicine. course, are going mention alternatives new treatment centering dentistry. light conditions the times, our activities (working together with other societies and organizations) include providing advice for observational studies for the medical guidelines which applicable the regenerative medicine law. regard healthcare and studies applicable the laws regenerative medicine and clinical studies, cooperate with the certified special committee for regenerative medicine, certified committee for regenerative medicine, certified review board, and research ethics committee. moreover, working group with knowledgeable people human pluripotent stem cells and cell culturing was organized miho furue human stem cell applied research room national institutes biomedical innovation, health and nutrition, project leader regenerative medicine practical project study standardization culturing technique aiming quality variability and practical application ips cells" japan agency for medical research and development (amed). the group proposed the following conditions "fundamental principles cell culturing." condition: recognize that cell culturing derived from part living body. condition: confirm reliability the source and applicability methods using. condition: prevent contamination culturing cells. condition: manage culturing cells and handling record properly. condition: consider health and safety culturing technicians and environmental effect. comply with the conditions and have affiliate cell processing center approved under regenerative medicine ensuring safety law article clause. are preparing for suppling cell-processed products and physiologically active materials (e.g. culture supernatant) adequately. are also preparing for providing genetic treatment, remote diagnosis, immunotherapy, flora therapy, etc and studies them. however, well medical practice based the law, course, need comply with the guideline each field even though only partly legislated. all the law and guidelines, "duty education and training" listed common. order exercise the duty, are going have various training workshops, for which are looking for some people who support our proper dissemination regenerative medicine and can provide study cases and teach the field. head director shuji yamaguchi business expansion map business expansion regenerative medical institutions/ direct management clinics holding class regenerative medicine high-end cancer treatment/providing the highest cancer treatment with class iii regenerative medicine cases stem cell therapy/selling clinical trials pharmaceutical manufacturers and technology transfer overseas stem cell therapy/providing treatment the associated clinics commissioned project from group companies stem cell supernatant/for medical institutions, supplying for therapeutic medicine cell bank/foreign tourism for current mri and stem cell culture media/supplying for cosmetic manufacturers brief overview token sale the procurement funds ico will used mainly for research and development the project. the foundations our service are our own clinics, technology, and blockchain technology. since their development requires large amount money, the funds will appropriately distributed accordance with procurement funds and used development cost. token distribution the procurement funds ico will used mainly for research and development the project. the foundations our service are our own clinics, technology, and blockchain technology. since their development requires large amount money, the funds will appropriately distributed accordance with procurement funds and used development cost. bonuses major token holders major token holders will given bonuses receive the following stem cell treatments million yen) the healthcare institutions our group. this bonuses will given only those who purchase tokens during the ico period. bonuses long-term token holders affiliate teams disclaimer this document for information purposes only and not intended solicit the sale our related companies' shares securities. such solicitation shall take place only accordance with the provisions law. neither the information nor the analysis presented basis for investment decisions, and there are specific recommendations. therefore, this document does not constitute investment advice recommendations investment solicitations. this document not intended solicitation for the sale securities for the purchase securities. addition, this document has not been submitted registered with the regulatory authorities, nor has been reviewed confirmed the regulatory authorities, nor has been planned submitted registered with the regulatory authorities. shall not liable for any loss damage any kind, directly indirectly, resulting from any error, omission inaccuracy the information contained herein. furthermore, the information contained this document may changed without prior notice the future. restrictions purchasers nationals, residents any state where purchase the stem cell coin token issued mta intec pte ltd (hereinafter "scc token") similar token prohibited (including, but not limited to, the people's republic china), any other purchaser who may subject such laws, nationals, residents european economic area (members the european union, iceland, liechtenstein norway) may not purchase the scc token. purchase the scc token shall made only individuals, entities enterprises with extensive experience with token and block chain based software systems and with knowledge their use and complexity. the purchaser must understand the storage method and transmission mechanisms for the scc token and other tokens. neither nor any the parties associated with shall liable for any loss the scc token the purchaser for any reason whatsoever. the scc token may not purchased the purchaser does not have the required other experience expertise. when purchasing the scc token, the purchase shall made after careful consideration the risks and costs the purchase and any other disadvantages. the event the purchaser does not have the above-mentioned other experience expertise required for such consideration, the purchaser must obtain advice from experts these points. the purchaser may not purchase the scc token before the purchaser understands and reviews the items stated the risks purchasing the scc token and any other risks related the purchase the scc token, and has been situation which the purchaser can accept such advice. determine that the purchaser breach the representations and warranties set forth the representations and warranties the scc token purchaser" set forth below, the purchaser may not purchase the scc token. risks purchasing the scc token purchase the scc token poses significant risks. before purchasing the scc token, the purchaser should carefully consider the risks listed below and consult with attorney, accountant, tax accountant other expert the extent necessary there are any issues that cannot understood. please note that the purchase the scc token made the purchaser with definitive intent purchase and cannot refunded any event except the case allowed. (risks inherent blockchain technology) blockchain technologies are subject scrutiny various regulatory agencies around the world. the scc token may affected regulatory inquiries, actions and legal amendments that may interfere with restrict the issuance, distribution and exchange the scc token. third party with access the user's account information private key can operate the scc token. such information known third party, there risk that may lead the loss the scc token. therefore, order minimize this risk, the purchaser must take measures such protecting electronic devices from unauthorized access. (risks fluctuations the value the scc token) like other tokens, the value the scc token may vary considerably and may reduced for variety reasons. will use our best efforts, but will not guarantee, the creation token economies associated with the scc token (hereinafter referred the "scc token economy"). the purchaser must understand that the liquidity the scc token lower than they expect and that the use and adoption the scc token inadequate, there may little market platform startup and the value the scc token may limited. addition, the scc token economy may suffer systemic failures that result decline the value the scc token. the benefits rights that the purchaser can enjoy owning the scc token, determined between the purchaser and the time purchasing the scc token, depend the development the business managed and operated us. the scc token economy currently the planning stage and may subject significant changes prior release. expectations regarding the format and functionality the scc token held the time purchase may not met the time release for several reasons, including changes design and implementation plans and the establishment execution the scc token economies. will use our best efforts, but not guarantee whether not there are any such benefits rights that the purchaser expects, the timing content which the purchaser may enjoy, any other matters related benefits rights. (risks based external factors) hackers and other groups organizations may attempt disrupt the availability the scc token economies the scc token variety ways, including denial-of-service attacks, sybil attacks, spoofing, smurfing, malware attacks, and agreed-upon attacks. technological advances, such advances cryptography the development quantum computers, may pose risks the cryptography field and the scc token economy and may result theft loss the scc token. (other risks unlike other financial institutions' bank accounts and accounts, funds held using the scc token are not insured. there remedy public insurance company, such private insurance company, the event loss loss value. the scc token economy may become impracticable and may dissolved for number reasons, including but not limited adverse fluctuations the value the scc token and inadequate business relationships. the cryptographic token new technology. addition the risks listed here, there are risks that cannot anticipate. the unexpected combinations and variations risks described here could affect the value the scc token the risk becomes more apparent. disclaimer and disclaimer warranties sell the scc token "as is" and "to the extent available" without warranty any kind, and expressly disclaims all implied warranties, including, without limitation, implied warranties merchantability, fitness for specific purpose, title and non-infringement, with respect the scc token. make representation warranty that the scc token reliable, current, error-free, meets the conditions required the purchaser, and that any defects the scc token will corrected the future. make representation warranty that the mechanism delivery the scc token the scc token not affected viruses other harmful components. not make, not intend make, and disclaims any representation, warranty, promise any kind, including any representation, warranty, promise the truth, accuracy, and completeness the information contained this document the web site, etc. not warrant that the estimated present value the scc token, the information provided us, and any information that may obtained the purchaser from the scc token will conform the specific purpose the purchaser, have the expected function, merchandising value, accuracy, usefulness, and completeness, that the purchase the scc token will conform applicable laws, regulations, internal rules trade associations applicable the purchaser, will not cause any defects, and will resolve any problems related the scc token. and our related companies shall not liable for any damages incurred the purchaser connection with the purchase the scc token. accordance with the provisions the consumer contract act and other reasons, where our related companies are liable the purchaser for damages, the scope the liability shall limited direct and ordinary damages actually incurred due reason attributable our related companies, and the upper limit the amount such damages shall the purchase price the scc token the purchaser. the purchaser shall responsible for any taxes (including but not limited consumption tax, sales tax, use tax, value added tax, etc.) imposed the purchase the scc token. also the responsibility the purchaser withhold and collect the correct tax amount, report it, and pay properly. will not responsible for the withholding, collection, reporting payment taxes the purchase the scc token. representations and warranties the scc token purchaser purchasing the scc token, the purchaser represents and warrants that: the purchaser not subject the purchase restrictions set forth the restrictions purchasers and has the authority and full capacity lawfully purchase the scc token. the purchaser shall fully understand "risks purchasing the scc token" set forth above and any other risks and disadvantages associated with purchasing the scc token, and shall purchase the scc token with the responsibility determine whether the purchase the scc token appropriate the purchaser. #the purchaser purchases the scc token its own behalf and does not act agent for any third party. #the purchaser agrees and acknowledges that the scc token does not constitute any form securities purchaser's jurisdictions #the purchaser agrees and acknowledges that not intended that the promotional activities for the scc token will not result the solicitation securities investment securities the purchaser's territory. #purchase the scc token not prohibited restricted any law regulation the purchaser's territory. purchase ownership the scc token restricted, the purchaser shall comply with any such restriction its own expense and without incurring any liability and our related companies #the purchaser agrees and acknowledges that the time purchasing the scc token, the scc token will not classified treated any the following; virtual currency prescribed article paragraph the payment services act means payment advance prescribed article paragraph the payment services act legal currency deemed currency prescribed japan any other state bonds issued our related companies shares and other controlling interests issued our related companies any right, option derivative instrument respect any such bond, share share certificate rights under cdf contracts other contracts for the purpose securing profits avoiding losses. equity collective investment schemes equity business trust derivatives for equity interests business trusts and any other types securities #the purchaser fully understands the operation, function, use, storage, transmission mechanism and other significant features virtual currency, blockchain based software systems, virtual currency wallets other relevant token storage mechanisms, block chain technology and smart contract technology. #the purchaser fully understands the risks associated with our business and operations. #the purchaser agrees and acknowledges that and our related companies shall not liable for any indirect, extraordinary, contingent, consequential other loss any kind (including without limitation, loss revenue, income profit and loss inability data) arising out connection with the purchaser's purchase the scc token, whether tort, contract otherwise. #the purchaser will not use the scc token for any unlawful conduct, including but not limited money laundering and terrorist financing. #we and our related companies shall not liable for any damages whatsoever incurred the purchaser with respect the matters represented and warranted the purchaser and any other risks and disadvantages associated with the purchase the scc token explained the purchaser, for any reason whatsoever, and the purchaser shall hold and our related companies harmless from these matters.