steneum the unique saving program cryptocurrency contents introduction what steneum specifications algorithm scrypt ico (initial coin offering) ico target ico parameters ico time ico allocation structure why must steneum benefits roadmap development team steneum.com introduction what steneum steneum cryptocurrency digital asset that only available the digital world. nearly identical bitcoin since created based bitcoin platform. transfer instant peer peer steneum fully decentralized peer peer cryptocurency designed work unit exchange without relying central server. uses open protocol facilitate secure payment transactions. the storage server decentralized and distributeddivided into various servers run each user connected the network. transfer money easily you can easily send steneum anywhere this entire world seconds long connected the internet. steneum.com transfer fee very small zero you can set the transfer fee you want speed the transaction you can also set the cost you wish. the amount steneum that you sent will not affect the transfer fee. steneum transactions are anonymous all transactions that have been done recorded and displayed blockchain. although you can set your identity anonymous, all your transaction still able monitored via steneum blockchain explorer. transactions are very easy you can transfer steneum anywhere the entire world long connected the internet. will later stored the steneum wallet. steneum.com the number coins limited there will only million steneum coins worldwide. this resembles economic system based deflation and increasing supply coin. steneum prices will rise demand grows and the number coin remains. steneum not controlled institutions steneum uses blockchain database that not controlled any party. this system allowing digital information distributed but not copied. has single point failure. all transactions are recorded live, transparent, and spread across multiple servers. bitcoin and steneum differences the world cryptocurrancies, bitcoin and steneum are not much different, the difference opportunity and price. have one bitcoin you have prepare more usd steneum provides great benefit because the price still very cheap and you will get opportunity get ico price steneum.com spesification coin type pow algorithm scrypt coin code stn maximum coin supply total ico million million bounty million mining million pow block reward stn time between reward second local exchange website steneum.com bitsten.com steneum.com algotrithm scrypt scrypt used many cryptocurrencies proof-of-work algorithm. was first implemented tenebrix (released september and served the basis for litecoin and dogecoin, which also adopted its scrypt algorithm. mining cryptocurrencies that use scrypt often performed graphics processing units (gpus) since gpus tend have significantly more processing power compared the cpu. steneum.com ico (initial coin offering) what ico? ico stands for initial coin offering. means earliest coin offered before launched the free market. ico target our goal and objective promote steneum aims provide opportunities all cryptocurrency enthusiasts immediately have steneum competitive price. fully understand about the development payment instrument nowadays. countries have used crypto digital payment tool. with the presence steneum strongly believe become big part cryptocurrency world development. steneum.com ico duration ico start december ico finish january ico price ico distribution million coin supply million steneum.com ico allocation investor development advertising maintenance funds allocation maintenance steneum.com advertising development investors why should you choose steneum? benefit it's big opportunity profitable project that offer. steneum has prepared concept about cryptocurrency brought all over the word. grab the chance and become part the big thing. saving program early contribution affiliate program early contribution each member has the opportunity contribute early taking the ico opportunities have prepared through our website and several partner exchangers. stn will launched with the opening price usd and increasing volume. use your earliest opportunity have coin very low price from us. steneum.com unique saving program unlike other coins, the steneum unique. it's real project that generates real benefit for the team and investors. steneum does not use fiat like (usd) saving program, you save stn, you will get back stn not the daily commission that will distributed every day comes from bitsten market income, take example, you save stn during the contract period when the price when the contract completed and the current price then you can sell worth stn. the daily commission that will distributed every day comes from bitsten market income when the saving contract completed you can withdraw steneum renew your contract will you can save all the coin your wallet. all the coins the saving program then will stored bitsten market and will not traded. the purpose this system diminish the coin circulating the market. the scarcity will raise the stn price the market for example, million stn supply has been circulated with million them public (such mining, bounty and ico) and million coins saving. means that the coin circulation exchange million this scarcity will significantly escalate stn price, the fewer coin circulate the more price increasing will happen steneum.com the amount coin saving program will not exceed the number coins public and the commission each coin comes from clearly trusted source. applying this system there will money game takes place steneneum saving program. steneum created support bitsten.com exchange project, used pay trading fee enlist new coin and profit from trading fee market bitsten. saving program fluctuated depends total coin saving and market bitsten volume. formula calculation profit saving daily profit each stn (mv fee *%) total stn saving example (market bitsten.com volume) btc fee market bitsten.com total stn saving =,, *.*. btc each stn per day with this estimation stn price the daily saving profit .%. the daily profit saving results can change according the number saving and volume market, more bitsten.com market volume the more profit generated. steneum.com saving rule there will minimum maximum limitation coin amount. all coins your wallet can saved. contract ,,, days depend your saving amount. during saving contract stn cannot withdrawn. daily commission allotted based saving formula commission distributed btc. daily commission available withdrawn every day. stn will given back the exact amount which has been deposited when the saving contract completed. affiliate program prepare affiliate bonus our diligent member promotion introduce steneum the world. affiliate commission from referral ico purchase can withdrawn anytime within btc eth. steneum.com roadmap and development december january -initial coin offering (ico) -windows wallet -beta test local exchanger -mining -available local exchange february -saving program -available other exchange steneum team bisri mustofa founder and developer leader years more experienced programmer and bitcoin miner hadi hartono co-founder and chief operating officer years more experienced online marketing dodik haryanto customer support and introduction years trader and bitcoin miner ragil pandowo chief marketing officer year public speaking and network marketing leader dhephee okta international customer support years more experienced steneum.com steneum the unique saving program cryptocurrency