all coins. one platform. in-depth solution solve the liquidity problem stex.exchange the first cryptocurrency exchange with automated liquidity aggregation, powered with innovative technology, where you can change any listed coin any other listed coin, directly one trade. revision https://stex.exchange contents the problem the solution the technology market analysis competitors road map technology tokens token holders' benefits token ico use ico funds legalization the team advisors the project faq: how works the problem the cryptocurrency world has experienced such enormous and explosive growth recent years that existing crypto exchange capable managing it. one coin may trading one exchange while another coin may trading another, but there one place for all coins. stex provides that one platform trade all existing coins; know exactly how make this reality. the liquidity problem many coins and tokens suffer from one big problem lack liquidity. this leads enormous implications for active traders. known exchange shows the calculations regarding available volume specific price; this valuable information for high volume traders. without this information, reasonably large volume trader cannot make truly informed decision. the scourge the modern exchange terrible liquidity. this exactly where deploy our private algorithms and technical solutions solve this problem. have you tried switch between coins, following trends emerging tokens missed opportunities imagine, you have coin and nice opportunity sell profit and the same time, you wish buy new promising token coin the only problem: they are traded (or have the best rates) different exchanges. take advantage the opportunity, you must finish the first trade, then transfer your assets from one exchange another wasting days (the world fast nowadays, remember?) and potentially missing the brilliant opportunity raise money all because current market insufficiency. the solution solving the liquidity problem with our unique hft algorithms, originally developed work traditional stock exchanges, can solve this problem: providing access all trading possibilities from one trading platform and one trading account the blink eye. liquidity aggregation one our solutions solve the liquidity problem aggregate offers from many other exchanges one place. big orders will executed stex better prices thanks the automatic collection all the best offers from various exchanges. liquidity pool creation (collected ico) one the main reasons collect more funds during ico the ability strengthen the project's own liquidity pool. this means that significant amount cryptocurrency will available bid and ask offers the stex exchange from the very beginning with fast execution. liquidity providers top that, stex will offering direct access through fast api protocols those who want provide liquidity the stex exchange, allowing them trade without any commission. for all such trades, commissions will taken from counterparty willing buy sell the offered price. any two coins are listed stex, you can trade one against the other directly built-in cross rate support our special decentralized technology gives stex the ability support hundreds thousands cross rates simultaneously ability other exchange has the moment. more importantly, this means full featured support including much wider variety trading abilities such as; trailing stop loss orders, take profit orders, charts and much more. all the features you find stex will available across any trading pair, too. more missed opportunities! switch between any altcoin immediately and pick all the profits! the technology decentralization stex's own cloud cluster physically hosted many countries prevent the possibility downtime due real-world/technological attacks failures. crypto-security all stex systems are encrypted and cannot accessed without proper authorization from stex. the project's main funds including users' funds are stored cold wallets, not vulnerable online attacks. speed superfast cloud processing core internal trades are completed the blink eye. horizontal scaling our decentralized technology allows support thousands cross rates simultaneously. behind our system lie years experience trading the world's largest stock exchanges and countless hours developing trading algorithms for private hedgefunds and brokers. this unique combination understanding end-user needs, knowledge how build infrastructure capable delivering services millions users, teamed with sophisticated htf market-making algorithms ensures that the project will successful while being difficult imitate, someone wishes compete. market analysis cryptocurrency market caps (historical) coin.dance altcoin market cap bitcoin market cap since the cryptocurrency market has been picking speed, ramping exponentially within the past years. current metrics the time writing, the market capitalization for all cryptocurrencies billion and there are approximately confirmed transactions per day, with some predicting possible increase billion market cap the end october between billion traded through cryptocurrency exchanges daily. while difficult pinpoint exactly how many traders are currently out there, global cryptocurrency benchmarking study the cambridge centre for alternative finance representing roughly the industry, estimates that there are least million people actively trading bitcoin today while data from other sources, such coinbase and ark research, estimate that there are between million bitcoin owners worldwide. the cryptocurrency universe $,b $,b $,b $,b $.b $,b $,b $,b nem ltco tco $,b $.b ripple lumens $.b ethereum $.b ethereum altcoins now account for around the the worldwide cryptocurrency market capitalization. january the altcoin market cap was around billion, rising times billion october the bitcoin market cap rose billion from billion rising just under times the same period. the market continues evolve. now requires single platform that will allow high liquidity for variety crypto assets, well efficiently provide interoperable trading environment saving time and compounding fees from multi-step trades. plan satiate this need offering trading pairs across the top cryptocurrencies launch one platform all with the lowest rates available. projections while extremely difficult predict the growth the cryptocurrency market, has been demonstrative year the growth potential cryptocurrencies inventive blockchain solutions, innovative daos and awareness smart contract applications the real world continue drive momentum. according analyst saxo bank, the bitcoin market cap could hit trillion years, with its price reaching $,. the estimate that cryptocurrencies will account for the average daily trade volume all fiat trade foreign exchange adv currently stands trillion and can follow growth estimates assume that cryptocurrencies could account for billion that time. average daily trading volume billion projected daily trading volume billion competitors through the extensive and ongoing analysis either direct competitors, similarly featured platforms exchanges with the highest trading volume for the last months have been able gain insight into what works for successful exchanges and what the expectation and community feedback are regarding desired features, incorporating these into the stex development cycle stay competitive and relevant. this undertaking has given great understanding the perceived 'ideal trading platform', allowing work towards perfecting our offering and meeting the crypto community's needs. list competitors from our own collective experience traders and from research into product whitepapers, public opinion and promotional materials have narrowed down what think are the most relevant strengths, weaknesses, threats and differentiators (usps) for each our competitors. the list collated here mix decentralized, hybrid and centralized exchanges with varying service offerings and product features. some the most compelling features the fastest growing and most innovative cryptocurrency exchanges recent times include being decentralized/offering 'trustless' trading, having high liquidity pool access fast order processing. unfortunately, many these features are seemingly mutually exclusive across competing exchanges. are proud working closely with industry experts and the growing stex community alike, incorporate these much desired features into one system for the stex project. top analysis: jurisdiction, number coins, number pairs, fiat d/w, aml/limits, commissions hybrid combining the speed centralized exchange with the secure account management decentralized one. no. coins: over trading pairs: over fiat deposit withdrawal: aml limits: none deposit fees: withdrawal fees: trading fees: listed conditions are subject change case market conditions, competitors' actions, aml rules, etc. etherdelta (decentralized) jurisdiction: blockchain no. coins: trading pairs: fiat deposit withdrawal: aml limits: none deposit fees: eth withdrawal fees: eth trading fees: eth strengths weaknesses transparency registration required secure limitless high trading costs non-instant trades thin order books threats differentiators fees and features not competitive with other exchanges innovative technology boost liquidity trustless trading open source and verifiable strengths weaknesses speed security all trading pairs, one platform best rates, aggregated from other exchanges -built trading robots -most advanced api for algo-trading -another exchanges' api supported for the old robots -simple separate interface for the newbies our contigency funds and 'survival mode' will have deployed are unable gain significant market share threats differentiators the crypto market stagnates declines crypto/exchanges face worldwide regulation exchange aggregation lowest rates, highest liquidity kyber network (decentralized) jurisdiction: singapore no. coins: 'popular and high volume coins' trading pairs: supporting many arbitrary pairs will require many funds reserve. fiat deposit withdrawal: aml limits: kyc compliant deposit fees: n/a (pp transactions) withdrawal fees: n/a (pp transactions) trading fees: strengths weaknesses good advisory board/partnerships proxy cross chain payment requires high participation from reserve providers enable high liquidity. initial release features only tokens from single central reserve threats rogue reserve managers unknown and off-chain policing process differentiators trustless instant on-chain order fulfilment bittrex (centralized) binance (centralized) jurisdiction: china no. coins: trading pairs: fiat deposit/ withdrawal: aml limits: btc daily limit for non-verified accounts, btc daily limit for accounts enhanced verification. deposit fees: withdrawal fees: trading fees: strengths weaknesses strong online community solid team with track record fiat (bypassing current legislation) limited pairing stop loss low trade volume threats change legislations differentiators trustless fast order fulfilment thanks innovative infrastructure jurisdiction: usa no. coins: trading pairs: fiat deposit/ withdrawal: aml limits: two account types. limits are between btc and btc depending level identity verification, enhanced requiring public record verification and scans for proof address. deposit fees: withdrawal fees: trading fees: trading profits strengths weaknesses holders new york's 'bitlicense' (legally compliant with local legislation) extensive trading pairs easy use mixed user experience service restrictions some regions long verification process not accepting new users all overloaded shows delayed data the interface most the time threats loss user base from bad differentiators algorithmic trading okcoin (centralized) bitfinex (centralized) jurisdiction: taiwan no. coins: trading pairs: fiat deposit/ withdrawal: pressure from taiwanese banks aml limits: limitless fiat withdrawals are aml kyc and ctf compliant requiring government and proof address. deposit fees: withdrawal fees: trading fees: jurisdiction: china no. coins: trading pairs: fiat deposit/ withdrawal: yes aml limits maximum daily cap requiring photo and proof residence for higher tiers. more deposits may subject enhanced due diligence checks. deposit fees: withdrawal fees: .%, minimum trading fees: strengths weaknesses strengths weaknesses otc services margin/leveraged trading mobile app limited tokens and pairs offered slow/expensive fiat depositing option restrictions some countries advanced security measures advanced order types good liquidity limited tokens and pairs offered limited support intenationally threats differentiators legislation change china -allegations price/ volume manipulation leverage management tools threats multiple hacks reducing user confidence service differentiators variety order types bitstamp (centralized) coinbase (centralized) jurisdiction: slovenia no. coins: trading pairs: fiat deposit/ withdrawal: yes aml limits: limit requiring proof and residence, conforming aml legislation the regions which operates. deposit fees: withdrawal fees: trading fees: jurisdiction: usa no. coins: trading pairs: fiat deposit/ withdrawal: yes aml limits: maximum daily cap, with greater limit allowances requiring photo id, proof address and government id. deposit fees: yes withdrawal fees: yes trading fees: fixed strengths weaknesses strengths weaknesses trading d/w limits mobile application fast service limited tokens and pairs offered mixed user reviews high fees current largest bitcoin broker fast fiat conversion limited tokens and pairs offered very stringent kyc/aml procedures threats may fail retain users more competitive exchanges enter the market banks sometimes not accept transfers from bitstamp because the lack proper license for crypto differentiators the oldest and most stable exchange threats strict conformity governmental legislation and traditional banking systems kraken (centralized) jurisdiction: usa no. coins: trading pairs: fiat deposit/ withdrawal: yes aml limits: tiers withdrawal limits based clearing different 'tiers' verification, ranging from $k-$k monthly, requiring photo id, government and proof address for the highest tier. deposit fees: yes, some cases withdrawal fees: yes trading fees: strengths weaknesses holders new york's 'bitlicense' (legally compliant with local legislation) extensive trading pairs easy use mixed user experience service restrictions some regions long verification process threats differentiators loss user base from bad algorithmic trading differentiators high liquidity eth, btc and ltc markets eidoo (hybrid) jurisdiction: switzerland no. coins: bitcoin, ethereum trading pairs: undisclosed fiat deposit/ withdrawal: yes aml limits: must conform aml kyc regulations. deposit fees: competitive withdrawal fees: competitive trading fees: competitive strengths weaknesses embedded token system (funding) user-friendly wallet app 'jack all trades' solution that doesn't have pro-spec exchange functionality threats differentiators many partnerships and parties will relied provide full functionality, any which could fail halt services combined wallet exchange features cross-chain trades comparison with stex tra pros cons highest possible lowest possible bid/ask spreads the industry bid/ask size automatic calculation stop/limit/conditional orders best prices available across other exchanges restricts and hong kong citizens because sec and sfc regulation n/a good high liquidity fast exchange good team and advisory board requires good partcipation from reserve providers enable high liquidity limited tokens release industry average fast order processing multi-language support all major coins available lower trade volume comparitively few available order types low limitless trading registration/censorship protection low liquidity lacks advanced features industry average supported crypto community several payment options available focus privacy low trading volumes slow transaction speed not designed for active trading user experience mostly aimed coders/ devs industry average low trading volumes liquidity will low until exchange picks momentum well designed platform low commisons fast conversions n/a good transparent environment strong personnel broker-less trading liquidity dependant upon ico soft-funding target being reached does not facilitate 'coin-to-coin' trades reliability ethereum blockchain (transaction speeds) n/a good multi-currency/asset wallet debit card accepted supports all erc tokens lack focus 'all-in-one' platform that may have missing exchange functionality for pro traders below average large number trading pairs high volumes long verification/support ticket time mixed user reviews industry average high usd liquidity low fees all order types and margin trading not transparent company reputation loss due hack industry average easy layout and functionality good liquidity futures leverages ltc/btc the chinese crypto market under increased scrutiny/regulatory changes below average good reputation easy and quick use supports only btc/fiat trades negative user experiences reported higher fees you are trading low hacked jan industry average newbie friendly integrated debit/credit cards major user privacy violations puts investors before customers industry average high liquidity eur markets margin trading supported slight volume lag btc/usd weak support for mobile platforms "advanced" orders (stop-loss etc.) has uptime problems when market gets hot ing din ati riv ing tra rad ced rgi van stex liquidity hybrid kyber network decentralized binance decentralized etherdelta decentralized bitsquare decentralized qvolta decentralized spectre decentralized eidoo hybrid bittrex centralized bitfinex centralized okcoin centralized bitstamp centralized coinbase centralized kraken centralized competitive advantages the stex system built such way enable co-exist with other exchanges, creating symbiotic relationship where party exchange will benefit from stex's utilization its markets, through its own fee structure. are, therefore, not direct competition with traditional crypto exchanges and actually help strengthen their trading volume and liquidity. stex.exchange provides: real-world financial instruments never before seen crypto exchanges the highest liquidity any cryptocurrency exchange the best rates available, aggregating from all major exchanges cross rates between the top coins final release access advanced order types and intuitive trade automation tools 'trustless' trading our exchange operators have access your account funds proven track record across our team/advisory board and historical competence providing market-leading products prove our competence around complex issues scalability, security and data management all which have been addressed part extensive r&d process over the past months. here, illustrate direct comparison between stex and binance, whose success gaining market share through optimization user experience, integration high performance order settlement technology and promotions for zero fees has earned them significant market share within short time span, something are looking emulate with our offering. direct comparison with binance binance stex evaluation founders team members successful entrepreneurial experience, wide network the crypto community successful entrepreneurial experience, has done large-scale systems, traditional financial background par worldwide availability available worldwide available worldwide par currencies dozens tokens supported over most popular tokens stex winner reduce trading fees using token reduce trading fees using token special commission-free order types for all users stex winner good automatic exchange aggregation patterns, liquidity excellent stex winner language support for all major languages all major languages will supported par has been operating for three months date this writing alpha release binance trading fees discount liquidity multilingual exchange road map august, crowdfunding have already created new concept exchange system and basic market-making algorithms, differentiating our project from any other the current market. the key advantage the stex platform our hft algorithms uniquely positioning provide more liquidity coin-to-coin exchange than has ever been seen from single platform. this will result much narrower spreads for the end user between buy and sell offers; furthermore, this will enable them the ability trade much larger amounts from single trading account. our deep blockchain visualizer https://deep.stex.exchange and aml/kyc investigation tool was released august, deep.stex.exchange september, crowdfunding hard capped eth october, modules development crowdfunding reached the maximum limit eth separate module the stex system was developed and released fully functional https://gateway.stex.exchange additional service gateway.stex.exchange instant exchange gateway. improved whitepaper was published and official explainer videos have been released. all systems are revised and corrected according advisors and community feedback. november, crowdfunding stage high speed api, internal algorithms and protocols are ready. crowdfunding stage starts. december, alpha development within the next two months, the system's core with all the algorithms will ready and tested under load. this stage, will also invite users join stex testers' program. february, front-end production new adaptive layout interface has been developed. the internal modules development has been completed; main blockchains were connected the system using stex's own nodes. the final stage the development has begun. march, stex exchange alpha was released march gmt. users can sing and trade the exchange. mobile interface https://gateway.stex.exchange development progress. public api development progress. april, external liquidity aggregation has been launched, additional coins and tokens are being listed the exchange. https://gateway.stex.exchange may tokens ico stex ico scheduled for may not miss the opportunity get tokens with the maximum bonuses from the very beginning and eliminate huge trading commissions! unlock professional features stex holding tokens. get discount fees paid tokens. enjoy tier structure discount system based accounting. beta release user-friendly web-based client with the highest level security access control taken from real world trading terminals will provide instant access the biggest choice coins and tokens with worldwide best bid ask. the key concept this you'll need just one account get access thousands markets and trading pairs the lowest rates. behind the scenes fully automated system that takes care all details. you can choose either segregated storage under your full control and protection common account giving you maximum flexibility and leverage. final release development, additional trading tools and services are included the system. technology our decentralized technology allows support thousands cross rates simultaneously with efficient resource usage. process all cross-rates cloud, with virtually unlimited ability horizontal scaling. imagine orchestra with conductor. each instrument separate coin server, playing its own part the symphony. the core (conductor) makes them all work together perfectly synchronized. the core down, this role transferred spare conductor waiting nearby, even one the musicians. some musicians are not fast enough play all the tunes time, can add another with the same instrument share the task. each task totally independent and can performed separate server, needed, hundreds such servers. all that automated the stex cloud. tokens are used intermediary evaluate every listed coin and create matching pair orders the system's core. tokens tokens are used intermediary every trade stex using technology. the problem that while working with hundreds different assets, you need measurement system evaluate all the tokens order create cross-rates, calculate commissions and all the internal accounting. so, used additional token for that purpose. was designed with self-balancing supply capabilities ruled the smart contract the ethereum network. furthermore, have promotional system attract users and make their trading activities more profitable (especially, for active traders who may suffer from turnaround commissions). mixing these two concepts together, have created stex utility token named after the technology anyany invented and used create cross-rates. the additional utility function this token provide easy account tier system for commission discount for all users the stex exchange. there are passive income opportunities, profit sharing the token, and, the same time, should very attractive for the users buy, use and hold order get extra discounts and unlock the professional features stex. this will only available for professional traders with sufficient amount commissions paid the system. the tokens supply available during the ico limited tokens. case hard-cap, additional will issued for the project owners, bounty, airdrops, partners and liquidity pool. please see chapter for details. the project has all the funds required for completion and almost any amount the tokens the circulation good for the system beause the self-balancing feature. however, set soft cap eth for the ico: the equivalent accepted coins and tokens raised during the ico less than eth, the current token accounting system will cancelled and current tokens will locked and reported "not valid" deleted (if possible). this case, all the coins and tokens, which have received from the participants and which need exchanged tokens, will sent back the participants' accounts (if sent through using stex exchange accounts) ethereum addresses (if sent through using eth wallet) the same amount and form received them. tokens will give users opportunity reduce their trading fees through paying commissions with it, and will increase users' discount based the amount the commissions paid the system and the length time the token held the account. proof concept, you can look bnb, the binance token that has similar structure and purpose. match cryptocurrency market growth and provide additional long-term stability the token, also have mechanism that balances the prices the token. from every commission paid stex, are sold the open market current prices and become stex's income. the remaining are immediately transferred the smart-contract known shop sold from that contract the all-time high price, higher than the previous sale from the contract. the funds from the sales tokens via the smart contract are accounted for stex income. almost effective price balancing system bnb token (which can unstable, the exchange may have expenses exceeding collected commissions) linked the total trading amount the stex platform. when the price goes down (and will some point, free market), the circulation supply will temporarily reduced every day the from daily commissions paid the exchange. lower prices will result bigger absolute amounts transferred the smart contract. extreme case, the demand for aa, can exceed the total circulation supply and the price will immediately rise the level the current sale price the shop. this system gives assurance that any dump will simply perfect trading opportunity, and the token itself might become very attractive trading instrument. the token has decimals. token holders' benefits token holders can get discount they pay fees stex platform tokens from their internal balance. the first year operations, all users will get discount regardless the conditions, and the following years such unconditional discount will follows: default discount for all users maximum discount year year year year year and over unlike some similar tokens (bnb, for example) tokens will never lose all their discount potential and will stay attractive for the users. the maximum discount will always available for the users meeting special conditions unlock higher discount rates, like the amount and time the tokens are held, the amount daily and/or monthly commissions paid, etc. additionally, expect token seen attractive short- and longterm trading asset, which will increase the demand well. token ico ico terms and conditions the rules, the conditions and the duration each the ico stages will described https://stex.exchange/ico before the beginning the each stage. all http://stex.exchange/stecalculator ethereum transactions the amount less than eth will rejected our smart-contract. native token stex platform; the safest way keep them hold them the stex exchange account (full kyc verification recommended). also, the tokens are issued the ethereum blockchain the erc smartcontract during the ico exchange eth received the smart-contract, and will sent your address immediately after the eth transfer within same transaction. also, youhttp://stex.exchange/stecalculator can buy tokens with bitcoins, dash, zcash, any other token coin listed stex.exchange the moment the transaction, using instructions the https://stex.exchange/ico page. tokens can credited your stex account your ethereum address. you can start using tokens your stex account for paying commissions with discount immediately after after credited with tokens. however, free token transfers blockchain are restricted until the end the ico. ico tokens distribution addition the amount the tokens exchanged during the ico process for the different cryptocurrencies and tokens, such exchanged amount tokens will issued and distributed between stex project owners. top the described amount, the amount the tokens exchanged during the ico process are issued for bounty, airdrops, advisors and strategic partners the stex project. the minimum amount tokens must exchanged during the ico. the desired amount will not reached during the ico, the liquidity pool will topped with all additionally issued tokens remained reach this limit and will reserved the liquidity pool for the future distributions response the future userbase growth. the total final supply will issued the liquidity pool stex exchange and other exchanges provide sufficient liquidity for tokens the market. this distribution the the special external liquidity reserve pool valid only until there are available undistributed tokens the end the ico. so, case high demand there would tokens distributed the external liquidity reserve pool because this case there would enough tokens circulation the system and not need such pool. considering all the above, the total number the tokens available for exchange during the ico ,,. the maximum total supply case the ico will hard-capped tokens. use ico funds below the intended use funds collected during the ico. based the assumption that least eth will collected during the ico. final proportions may differ due the fixed costs some cases. liquidity pool research, development and infrastructure legalization project marketing (partnership program, bounty program, special promotion campaigns, corporate promotional activities) ico marketing (partnership program, bounty program, special promotion campaigns, existing agreements) liquidity pool contingency fund liquidity pool legalization project marketing liquidity pool research development contingency fund ico marketing legalization smart token exchange ltd was incorporated saint vincent and the grenadines, due being the fastest jurisdiction which incorporate that kind business. however, able make fiat deposits and withdrawals, need incorporate legal entities the eu, usa and many other countries, and get all the necessary licenses according the local laws and regulations. expect this process completed years from launch. many procedures must place including well trained staff fit regulators' requirements. the team are trading professionals with years experience developing sophisticated trading algorithms for private hedge funds and brokers. have profound understanding all the needs professional traders and are not satisfied what can get out the current market state cryptocurrency exchange and trading. are strong and experienced team both technical terms and building successful startups. each member has unique character trait that, when combined together with those other members, creates perfect synergy. this ensures that the probability our success very high. have years demonstratable experience this field and are eager put that use the ambitious stex project. nicholas price ceo and cto years old. founder the renowned keycaptcha (www.keycaptcha.com) www.keycaptcha.com which was candidate for buyout google, nick worked technical director, architect and team lead. since its creation october keycaptcha project has had uptime date. has more than million users month and protects more than sites from spammers around the globe. keycaptcha being used well-known companies such teamviewer, eset, bindb, bethesda (publisher fallout, doom, elder games), sammobile (one the world's largest portals about smartphones). computer genius. started programming when was nine years old. programming languages: c++ (gnu watcom), c#, assembler (including sse, mmx), python, php, javascript, transact sql, sql, eclipse prolog, mql (,), delphi, html, css. database management systems: sql, mysql, postgresql, mongodb, cassandra, leveldb, couchdb. including working with large volumes data. web servers: nginx, apache. virtualization: microsoft azure, vmware, hyper-v. other skills: nosql, mapreduce, django and other python frameworks, nodejs, jquery, bootstrap, blockchain, neural networks, parallel computing, big data, data mining. large experience developing cross-platform applications for windows, mac, linux and mobile applications for android and iphone. has experience the design and implementation highly loaded systems (horizontal scaling millions users per day). deep knowledge the development cryptocurrency inter-exchange arbitration systems. highly experienced management large databases (billions records, hundreds gigabytes). from until present, nick has been working lead generation service social network (electron(nodejs) python(django) mysql), well optimizing high load systems work with databases having billions entries social graphs. ivan mityaev cfo compliance and legal department years old. cfo, compliance and legal department, experience crisis management, building successful startups and marketing. the last years, ivan developed many projects from websites' networks vast variety stock trading instruments for private companies, including backtesters, statistical analysis tools and on. also managed online retail distribution networks for various businesses from ivan catches the gist the fly, absolutely balanced emotionally and has the ability focus multiple tasks simultaneously and find non-standard solutions. expert market-making activities, development hft algorithms, stress testing trading systems, bias-free backtesting, practical knowledge statistics, quantitative trading methods, profound technical analysis, deep understanding market cycles, value and growth investor, algo-trader, php, c++ programmer. although ivan does not tend public person, some his webinars statistical trading and practical use genetic evolutionary algorithms developing trading systems can found youtube. maksim vladykin cpo and project manager maxim the person who will responsible for timing, resources and the projects' risks. this where can trusted due having over years experience this field. important note that all the projects for which max was responsible were all delivered time and became profitable. years old, project manager. possesses the unique ability systematize and remediate chaos. managed development teams for companies various fields; from web studios the banking sector. the co-founder keycaptcha service. max has known nikolas prays for years and during this period, unprecedented level mutual understanding has developed between the two. keycaptcha, max served cbdo and product manager. from the significant achievements the project, one can note the entry into the largest russian accelerator iidf well buyout negotiations with google. max also managed the development large banking software with distributed database, which was successfully implemented and operated regions russia, located distance from each other. expert: team building, project management, scrum, lean startup, help desk, risk management, team motivation, conflict resolution. advisors serguei popov professor the university campinas, brazil phd math serguei popov also one the founders iota and wings projects. will advise stochastic processes (in particular, discrete-time markov chains and brownian motion) for market modeling. serguei research mathematician working the field stochastic processes and living brazil. became interested crypto the end and made number contributions the theoretical aspects the nxt cryptocurrency and pos general. more research publications from prof. popov can found here. mark zhong expert unix system, pm, mba, six sigma green belt project leader more than years unix admin and project management experience fortune mnc (like hp). mark has experience many big telecom level projects, based linux cluster and oracle support million users and above. mark once played key role hugh data center migration project usa, where helped move unix servers and emc storage clusters from san jose vegas days. gigi janelidze expert ui/ux and design art director lead designer yandex. head and co-founder the topos studio. gigi will advise stex how build its tools and interfaces with user-first approach. gigi has proven track record bringing professional and engaging products life across many different industries. able quickly detect potential usability and issues glance even before product goes out testing skill that stex will make use consistently deliver top-notch products before schedule. gigi has worked closely with the stex team already, delivering top-quality whitepaper and website design. the project the key concept this you'll need just one account get access thousands markets and trading pairs the lowest rates. behind the scenes fully automated system that takes care all details. you can choose either segregated storage under your full control and protection common account giving you maximum flexibility and leverage. our idea simple, yet extremely complex the same time. one platform will combine direct access the top coins with direct cross-trades between any two them, the ability use your own cold wallets store your coins, and automated system that will aggregate the liquidity from the other exchanges well. you can get speed and big liquidity the centralized exchanges, and the ability trade from your cold wallets using one singe account stex exchange! more importantly, will bring freedom traders providing them with the tools choose any role they desire this new reality. whether you want simple coin-to-coin exchange intraday trading will provide planet-wide best rates for thousands trading pairs well much better liquidity than has ever been seen before. our sophisticated arbitrage algorithms and unique platform architecture make sure it. user-friendly web-based interface with the highest level security access control, taken from real-world trading terminals, will provide instant access the biggest choice coins and tokens with worldwide best bid ask prices. the business model simple and more secure than most known blockchainbased projects. risk disclosure tokens not provide any passive income and are not any type securities security derivatives. additionally, purchase the tokens should not recognized "investment". however, following the legal advice include common risk disclosure for start-ups and crownfundings use collected tokens and cryptocurrencies the project's development: risk default- failure the investment project business, typically start-ups the case equity crowd-funding, default repayment loans under lending which are commonly unsecured, which may lead total loss for investors. risk illiquidity and dilution stock value- investors may have difficulty liquidate positions their investment crowd-funding there may little secondary market for the investments involved. the value shares issued the case equity crowd-funding may subject dilution further issuance. risk platform failure/ insolvency- crowd-funding platform may temporarily permanently shut down, may hacked, and could become insolvent. this may lead total loss investment, addition loss information. risk fraud- due the anonymity created the online aspect crowdfunding platforms, investments crowd-funding activities could subject higher risks fraud which case the investor may lose his/her investment entirety. platform operating outside your country- the crowd-funding platform out the jurisdiction, investors may not enjoy the same protection under applicable laws and regulations your country. information asymmetry and lack transparency- full and accurate information the investment loan for the crowd-funding activity, including the project company which the investment made the borrower's profile, may not readily available fully verified the crowd-funding platforms. certain platforms may also lack sufficient transparency, for example, the valuation investment, and withholding information (for instance about historic default rates costs). addition, risks may not fully disclosed even after investor has actually made investment become member the crowdfunding platform. cyber security- crowd-funding vulnerable the risk cyber-attacks view the online nature crowd-funding. such cyber-attacks may come varied forms, such overloading platform's infrastructure, confusing accounts and/or identity theft. illegal activities platforms may used engage illegal activities such money laundering illegal commerce that could lead regulatory action including suspension relevant law enforcement agencies. depending the particular crowd-funding activity question, may also subject other nonsecurities related laws and regulations. faq: how works which wallet should use store tokens? crosschain token issued stex platform and ethereum blockchain. token holders can easily store and manage their tokens using existing ethereum clients including official ethereum wallets like myetherwallet, metamask, parity, mist ledger (hardware wallet) keep them their stex accounts. can participate the ico without creating ethereum address? yes, you can hold tokens your stex exchange account forever; you will able withdraw tokens the supported blockchains any time you want. can participate the crowdsale from exchange wallet? don't send currencies from exchange! you so, you may not able retrieve your tokens. can buy tokens btc other cryptocurrency instead eth? yes, please read the instructions the ico page: https://stex.exchange/ico can u.s. hong kong citizens participate the token sale event? what about residents other countries? no, far know, residents the united states can't participate the tokens distribution because the laws. you can participate the stex ico you are neither hong kong u.s. citizen permanent resident the united states, nor have primary residence domicile the united states, including puerto rico, the u.s. virgin islands, and any other overseas territories the united states. additionaly, have ability check participants' residency because blockhain technology used ethereum network, and/or their country regulations, the final decision about legal ability join this project token holder must made participants themselves. there address (like the country, living address)? smart token exchange ltd was incorporated svg. how add tokens myetherwallet? push the "add custom token" button fill the form and push the "save" button address: x************************************* symbol: decimals: now you can see your balance myetherwallet! will tokens available the exchanges after the ico ends? yes, right after ico end become tradable stex exchange against all listed coins and later some other exchanges. https://stex.exchange stex.exchange