abstract nowadays, more and more companies are starting hire people remotely for many different reasons it's usually cheaper, easier and they have bigger pool pick great talents from. however, the sites that are currently used aren't using blockchain technology, from which they could benefit enormously. believe that the future lies the blockchain, and that stipend will advance the vision decentralized platform for freelancers that will: enable anyone post offer, allow for individual apply for offer without restrictions, and automate the process reviewing work through the use user "rating" scheme. perhaps the main downfall many sites currently operating the market the use incredibly high fees--some more than percent before any payment processing fee included. freelancer wants get paid via credit/debit card for example, the fees are even higher because additional anti-fraud checks that credit card companies have make. paypal fees also cut deeply into any paycheck and bank transfer--the cheapest which can take week clear. additionally, ensuring the work done and the payment made the right address takes time and might hard for the person settle it. the entire process inefficient and time consuming, limiting the scope and breadth tasks that bidders can outsource our platform find the perfect worker. stipend will therefore all-in-one platform for all kind task added during project lifetime. instant payment rewards, incentivized workers with coin reward schema throughout the platform. teams will able easily and efficiently disperse payments contributors who have fulfilled the requirements any task using the coin they desire. those using spd will have fees charged, while using any other coin supported pay the job will charged small fee paid the buyer. verification process and reputation system will built verify that each task was successfully completed before payment dispersed, known the "pre-user rating". your success our success stipend stipend built off advanced, hybrid proof-of-work (pow), proof-of-stake (pos), and masternode (mn) system. the official abbreviation for the coin spd. the total supply will spd. regards each block, there's about minutes combined target, with both minutes for pos and pow. the advanced difficulty algorithm that the coin implements allows for retargeting every block, well time warp and instamining protection. the block reward likely variable during the time life the coin. below breakdown the pow/pos/mn rewards over time: starting block pow rewards pos rewards rewards block spd spd spd block spd spd spd block spd spd spd block spd spd spd block spd spd spd block spd spd spd block spd spd spd block spd spd spd block spd spd spd block spd spd spd decided end the pow system the ,th block and use solely pos and mns keep the network fully functioning. the long term, this would allow stipend eco-friendly coin slowly declining the amount electricity that needed order keep intact. hashing algorithms stipend built off the algorithm. very similar uses hashes, but different order. pos hashing made through shad algorithm. both these algorithms, used conjunction with one another, allow for increased security and stability throughout the stipend network. proof work proof stake the proof work (pow) system, regards cryptocurrency, was first designed and built satoshi nakamoto, the creator bitcoin. the idea inherently refers piece data which difficult produce but yet simple for others look and verify, allowing for network individual easily prove validity. bitcoin, the pow system helps ensure the security the network through block mining. each node currently deciding participate mining required and solve computationally difficult problem ensure the new block's validity. the first successful node allocated reward. the pow system, whole, fair throughout the sense that miner with fraction the total computational power can win the reward and create block with the probability individual contributing more computational power will earn the reward more often than individual contributing less, spite the fact that luck plays factor. even so, there are some glaring flaws throughout. for one, attacks are real possibility. the proof stake (pos) system, the other hand, was first designed and implemented peercoin. the idea simple--instead mining power, the probability create block and receive the associated reward proportional the user's ownership stake. individual stakeholder who has fraction the total number coins circulation creates new block with probability. the reasoning behind the protocol that the users with the highest stake the system would have the most interest overall maintain secure network. the network attacked, stands reason that they would have the most lose. also, the only way mount successful attack the network pos system would acquire stake the currency, which would almost impossible incredibly expensive for up-and-coming currency. spite all this, pos network does come with some vulnerabilities. because the fact that the network not aware anything except for the blockchain, there nothing physical anchoring the blockchain reality. result, there are many methods that can influence and harm the network. one specifically called "bribe" attack, which the attacker performs spending transaction wants reverse later, builds false chain after the transaction, and publishes once it's longer than the valid chain, reversing the original transaction. although this possible pow network, it's much cheaper and easier one built solely from pos. because this, stipend employs hybrid network that includes both pow and pos components. this allows for enjoy both the benefits from each well the increased security that such compound model possesses. masternodes masternode simply node that keeps full copy the blockchain in-real time. active and always interacting with other nodes make fully stable and performing decentralized network. masternodes can: increase transaction privacy allow instant send participate governance/voting enable budgeting and treasury system running masternode helps the network throughout, there will always stable node, with multiple connections around the world, running. reward for hosting one these masternodes, spd will paid your wallet recurrent basis. what you need run masternode? collateral: spd vps server host the wallet dedicated address some storage space keep copy the blockchain order ensure that the owner doesn't cheat corrupt the system, collateral becomes necessary, the operator needs has something stake the environment. decided set this collateral spd, computed with the total supply and blocks the code. allocation premine stipend currently specified only have total coins. those, took premine (,spd) cover managerial and other issues relevant the growth and development the coin long-term believe necessary. also includes stipend spd) that will auctioned off run the first masternodes before block the stipend platform ways find work, tasks, bounties, surveys even offer them are split between multiple platforms/websites and have astronomically high fees. believe that decentralized, blockchain-based platform will great and more future-proof replacement. because relies the blockchain, all transactions about job history, user ratings and things like that will permanently written the blockchain, helping make this platform more transparent and open than anything that's out there right now. applications find work, offer work, task, duties, bounties, survey, are split between multiple platforms and have huge fees that the website takes. think that decentralized platform, run autonomously the blockchain, will provide the users with the best experience perform their business. use the blockchain, all transactions and old duties will written the blockchain (user rating) and payments will traceable for each person. these payments will done almost immediately, the user won't wait long get paid. this one the major points offer, well the plurality tasks. how will work? stipend plans accommodate both the clients--those who want task completed--and the freelancers--those with the wherewithal complete that task. work pretty wide term, and thus expect support all kind tasks that can exchanged for monetary reward. once the freelancer completes the job that has been assigned him, will receive his payment supported cryptocurrency. the stipend platform aims easier for freelancers meet clients and vice-versa each the following tasks. task, understand that there work done, and once the work done, the issuer this task will have reward the worker that done the job and claimed the reward. have split these tasks into multiple categories: individual tasks: the bidder set work-description, user take the offer, therefore the offer longer available other people. the bidder set deadline for the work done, but can spoken between counterparties contact will written. individual tasks, but the bidder has the right choose amongst appliers see the reference the "rating workers" section. once selected, the offer taken the person and got notified that has days provide with the work. pool tasks these tasks will mostly used companies cryptocurrencies that will set amount coin the task, that will need fulfil requirements, and once one done someone, immediately paid upon validation from the issuer. the pool will actualized instantly. collaborative tasks this one will for projects submitted somebody that need set-up team collaborative area for the job done. rewards will proportional the commitment the worker the global task (difficulty, time-consuming, etc.) some examples tasks could possibly be: marketing work there brand willing for more visibility. anybody can tweet, write post, shill the company, and submit the work they did the issuer. therefore, the issue will reward the worker for the task depending their rewarding scheme surveys please refer "user rating". each user will categorized, and therefore companies will allowed submit surveys for pool people. only the one that fit the profile the company wanted will see this task. once submitted, the task-taker paid immediately. freelance/dev job: these tasks are for people that want programmer, designer certain task. some examples include: *web, mobile software dev (web, desktop, e-commerce, game, testing, scripts utilities, wordpress building) *it networking (it, erp/crm, security, database admin) *engineering architecture (d, architecture, contract, product design) *design creation (animation, audio, graphic, logo, photography, video) *writing (academic, blog, copywriting, editing, technical, resume cover letters) *translation (general, legal, medical, technical, school) *legal (contract law, corporate, criminal, intellectual property) *accounting consulting (accounting, financial, hr, management) *admin support community help (data entry, virtual assistant, transcription, project management, web research, customer service, technical support, community manager) *sales marketing (sales, advertising, email, strategy, sem, seo, smm, telemarketing social networks) how will spd used? plan support multitude different cryptocurrencies. however, you instead choose use spd, you'll have added benefit fees. essentially, the platform will work with the coin. there are ways using this spd: either you pay/receive the payment for the work/task/survey directly spd, and you pay fee this. this best practice you pay currency that will supported the app/platform (btc,eth, the list will updated later on). each payment for task/work not using our coin will charged little amount fee for the transaction(fee that will decided later cover structural change fees). this will deduced from the amount paid, you will have convert the amount spd before submitting the payment. spd going currency pay with, with fast transfers, and low transaction fees, well new anonymous features coming q/q, the coin could used for any other transaction other places than the app/platform. coin reward scheme believe that great work shouldn't unrewarded and thus came with the idea reward our top freelancers. each freelancer our platform will assigned global rating--work harder and impress your clients and you'll see your global rating increasing. slack off with your work and it'll start decline. result, you're doing consistently good work over longer period time you'll end the "top rated" bracket that comes with multitude rewards. user rating the idea user rating will key feature our app. both parties will evaluated, and both the clients/bidders and workers/job takers, providing relevant information few different factors, namely: freelancer's rating name global rating: number task realized: average time consumed compared the offer: location: skills quality work availability adherence schedule communication cooperation (if tasks are collective) client's rating name global rating: number task offered: average time consumed compared the offer: location: skills quality work availability adherence schedule communication remuneration community twitter: https://twitter.com/stipendoff/ telegram: https://t.me/stipendofficial/ discord: https://discord.gg/qvyckx/ conclusion this paper proposes and outlines the entirety the stipend network well our plans develop the next generation freelancer platform through the usage the blockchain. each the features and advantages stipend may reworked. have global vision what can offer with this application freelancers that are tired normal sites charging insane fees.