new cryptocurrency bal pay december whitepaper abstract the stk token will enable real time point sale (pos) transactions directly from users' private cryptocurrency wallets. predict the ability make purchases in-store and online using cryptocurrencies will speed mass adoption the technology. the stk token part global solution facilitate borderless transactions. make instant payments point sale from blockchain wallet requires real-time exchange cryptocurrency into fiat. the stk token provides access our state channels which ensure there sufficient cryptocurrency (i.e. bitcoin, ether) the digital wallet and users spending fiat point sale will complete the purchase from their cryptocurrency assets. stk automatically opens state channel between each user and stk's own wallet. stk tokens fund the transaction, much like gas funds ethereum transactions. the first implementation will with stack's digital wallet. stk tokens will implemented the public ethereum blockchain and adhere the erc protocol. problem statement date, cryptocurrency has yet gain mainstream adoption. the last barriers mass market adoption will removed when cryptocurrencies become embedded into everyday commerce. estimated trillion consumer spending takes place annually between shoppers and merchants. local/national currencies are used pay for everything from your cup coffee every morning your weekly grocery run. what you could pay for your cup coffee with bitcoin ether? without requiring the merchant change their point sale equipment, stack enabling ubiquitous merchant acceptance cryptocurrencies. this will greatly accelerate the adoption cryptocurrency and tapping into the existing ecosystem global commerce. vision stk global payment's vision create globally accessible alternative traditional banking, allowing you store your money safely, access instantly and transact with anywhere, any currency including crypto using the stk token, right from your smartphone, using the stack app. creating digital wallet companion traditional card solution, the stack app enables you use any your currencies point sale, anywhere the world. stk will platform that will facilitate realtime cryptocurrency transactions point sale. current limitations blockchain settlement because very few merchants accept cryptocurrencies point sale online, consumers must exchange cryptocurrencies into their local currency make everyday purchases. through any existing exchanges this can time consuming, and comes with sizeable fees. though some companies have made products that enable retailers accept bitcoin payments, they are currently available only tiny number locations. our goal for this exchange occur real time, anywhere credit cards are accepted, and with fees comparable transaction costs ethereum. present, the confirmation time for bitcoin transactions averages minutes, far too long for point sale purchases. ethereum transactions are faster, average time seconds, but even this too slow for point sale. furthermore, neither the merchant nor the local currency provider are willing wait the required amount time for the transaction confirmed the blockchain, which critical protecting both parties against fraud. stk solution: stk state channel and stk token there two-pronged problem that the stk solution will solve: lack merchant acceptance cryptocurrency. stack has partnered with existing payment network that will allow the cryptocurrency wallet used million merchant locations. payments point-of-sale must complete near-instant time. rather than writing each payment transaction the blockchain, stack, will create state channels between the customer and stack. these channels are established way provide real time transaction guarantees the blockchain. once this done, customers' transactions will funded through stk's liquidity pool make point sale purchases instantly. use this system, the user required hold stk token which grant access the stk state channel and will limited those who have stk tokens. stk solution that can implemented globally, with the first implementation occurring with stack order for users the stack wallet transact real-time, the stk solution will integrated into the stack digital multi-currency wallet. this functionality can only accessed with stk token. the stk token will used pay for the operating cost setting the state channel. because stk tokens can change value, the price per transaction calculated similarly how gas prices are ethereum. state channels state channels are technique for making off-chain transactions with the same security guarantees onchain operation. state channels allow conduct blockchain interactions they were being conducted on-chain, but require only that two more users exchange information with each other. participants state channel may exchange large number transactions between one another instantaneously, requiring on-chain operation only when the channel closed. state channels provide the speed required for stack's point-of-sale purchase mechanism: the moment purchase, the user sends stk tokens stack exchange for stack using their liquidity pool make fiat purchase through the global payment network. this cost effective approach enabling transactions. how does this work practice? step-by-step process: creating state channel: the user loads their stk token into the stack mobile wallet, which authorizes the creation state channel with the stk platform. both the user's device and stack keep local copy the current state the channel. creation state channel requires on-chain operation. (continued the next page) conducting transactions and state changes: when the user initiates point sale transaction using stack, they receive visual prompt the stack wallet showing the value the transaction, similar using traditional tap-to-pay mobile applications. behind the scenes, the user authorizes transaction send the equivalent cryptocurrency the stk platform. almost immediately, the stk platform receives the signed transaction, counter-signs and stores copy that new state off-chain. stk then authorizes its local currency account pay the requested purchase through its global payment network rails behalf the user. because the transaction occurs off-chain, there virtually delay except for small amount computation time and network latency. keeping funds ready: long the state channel open, there are fees for conducting any number transactions between the user and stk. moreover, there fee for keeping the channel open. withdrawing funds: the user wants retrieve all part their stk token the channel that has not been sent stk, they can withdrawing their funds. the user signs and publishes withdrawal request, which requires on-chain operation. possible make partial withdrawals, the user always secure being able retrieve his her ether while still keeping the channel open for future transactions with the stk network. closing: close state channel, one the parties signs and publishes close request the state channel. this initiates period during which either party can submit their most recent transactions, which determines the final state the state channel. what stack? stack alternative traditional banking with better way spend, save and share your money, fee-free and straight from your mobile. our app provides its members with smart solutions personal finance, with features like real time notifications, effortless savings, financial and mobile tap-to-pay functionality. stack creating community users who celebrate the moments that matter most sharing stories transactions the stack world stream. the stack wallet working product that currently private beta with waiting list people. stack accesses global payment network that enables worldwide acceptance the stack wallet around the world. the stack wallet container for sub-accounts that can hold distinct currencies both local currency and crypto. competitive landscape unlike other crypto payment solutions, stack also provides alternative financial services local currencies. our digital local currency account gateway widespread cryptocurrency adoption, pairing with access mainstream financial services and smart new features simple, user-friendly platform. currently stack beta, and mobile tap-to-pay functionality already built in. stack competitors global payment rail mobile taptopay existing solution complete progress mention includes pay, mco, mtl. based publicly available information sept. token generation event order further develop and promote the stk platform, stk will conduct token generation event that will offer for sale stk tokens out million total supply. the proceeds the tge will used for marketing, solution development (both ios and android), integration stk with stack and the operation crypto local currency exchange. the remaining will reserved for the liquidity pool, bounty programs and referrals. any unsold tokens will burned. for token sale pricing and timing, visit at: https://stktoken.com token allocation: sold public part token sale held reserve stk global payments order fund future transactional costs and expand liquidity pool required for future growth and exansion founders and team advisors costs token sale use funds: marketing and customer acquisition solution development operational costs legal crypto fiat exchange platform ios app android app stack money services stack revolutionary new approach personal finance, providing fee-free alternative traditional banking with globally accessible platform spend, save and share your money, any currency, any time and straight from your mobile. stack creating community users who celebrate moments that matter sharing stories and providing personalized solutions reach financial goals faster than ever before. our digital fiat account provides gateway widespread cryptocurrency adoption pairing with access mainstream financial services and smart new features simple, user-friendly platform. the current financial technology (fintech) ecosystem fragmented with different companies isolated segments, providing singular solutions (i.e. lending marketplace, alternative finance, payments international remittances and money movement, and blockchain). stack's goal full-service personal finance solution. addition the cryptocurrency wallet, stack creates positive, sustainable relationship between users and their money, without the stress associated with most financial products transactions. stack offers its members fee-free, digital money services including: real time conversion from crypto local fiat currency point-of-sale tap-to-pay functionality the stack mobile app and participating party mobile wallets multi-currency wallet (crypto and fiat currencies) chip-and-pin emv card social sharing celebrate moments that matter the stack world stream the ability withdraw cash from any atm tips, tools and tailored advice reach your financial goals, faster each stack account includes stack card prepaid card which complements the stack digital wallet. stack payment facilities which include the physical and virtual prepaid card can used almost countries over million points acceptance today. this possible through our card issuance partnerships with global payment networks. moreover, users and businesses can exchange their blockchain assets seamlessly from one user another, with transparency that currently lacking centralized solution. data will used provide personalized recommendations, simple ways save, relevant offers and rewards. stack savings create savings goals broad specific you like. automated round-ups help you save little lot. categorize your goals receive relevant offers and rewards based what you're saving towards. financial being smart with your money means you'll have more spend the things that matter. stack gives you personalized tools help you reach your goals faster. spend trends keeps you track, providing insight into your spending and saving goals (i.e. the categories where you are overspending). stack will able index your spending against similar peer sets and cohorts that you'll know exactly how well you are stacking against others your same financial situation. receive offers and rewards that are tailored just for you. categorized spending helps you see where your money goes. security stack uses industry-leading safeguards protect your money, data and privacy, accounts are secure and protected. chip and pin emv cards transition notifications in-app card freeze, pin resets stack has built kyc, aml and fraud monitoring processes. onboarding process utilizes waterfall methodology verify the user using trulioo's globalgatewaytm aml watchlist comply with domestic and global anti-money laundering (aml), counter terrorist finance (ctf), and sanctions enforcement regulations. advisors we've partnered with some the top thought leaders and development experts from the blockchain community who have helped develop the stk token. our ecosystem includes industry experts tech, media, retail and regulatory affairs. ethan wilding ethan wilding co-founder ledger labs, and founding team member ethereum. the former chair the certified bitcoin professional exam, one the first not-for-profit programs establish standard body knowledge the field blockchain technologies. also services advisor for several companies, including stack and beworks. ethan earned ph.d. philosophy from the university ethan wilding waterloo and taught the balsille school international affairs. richard kastelein richard kastelein the founder industry publication blockchain news, partner ico services collective cryptoasset design group, director education company blockchain partners (an oracle partner) and ico event organiser. award-winning publisher and entrepreneur, richard sits the advisory boards several successful blockchain start-ups (icos) and has authored over articles richard kastelein blockchain technology and icos blockchain news, harvard business review venturebeat. benn godenzi director marketing for aion network, blockchain technology out toronto, canada and recent founder the interoperability alliance between icon foundation, wanchain and aion network. benn has been involved the blockchain space since introducing "out the box" marketing, token sale structure and community exposure maximise awareness and platform adoption. benn godenzi sources emarketer, https://www.emarketer.com/article/worldwide-retail-ecommerce-sales-will-reach--trillion-this-year/ blockchain, https://blockchain.info/charts/avg-confirmation-time ethstat, https://ethstats.net fintech finance: http://www.fintech.finance/-news/number-of-card-accepting-outlets-set-to-double-by--can-visa-and-mastercard-keep-up/ altheamesh: http://altheamesh.com/blog/universal-payment-channels/ this document and any other documents published association with this white paper relate potential token offering persons (contributors) respect the intended development and use the network various participants. this document does not constitute offer securities promotion, invitation solicitation for investment purposes. the terms the contribution are not intended financial services offering document prospectus. the token offering involves and relates the development and use experimental software and technologies that may not come fruition achieve the objectives specified this white paper. the purchase tokens represents high risk any contributors. tokens not represent equity, shares, units, royalties rights capital, profit income the network software the entity that issues tokens any other company intellectual property associated with the network any other public private enterprise, corporation, foundation other entity any jurisdiction. the token not therefore intended represent security interest. this version the whitepaper superceeds any previous versions and any translated versions the official stk token whitepaper. whitepaper december