stockchain whitepaper stockchain cryptocurrency quotation platform stockchain whitepaper catalogue project background our goal our vision project introduction market pain points our advantages basic information about the project organizational structure product structure product introduction cryptocurrency quotation exchange system financial derivatives financial derivatives mobile financial service technical framework system structure about the blockchain cloud engine cross-platform and high-performance client terminal optimized network components big data financial public opinions quantitative trading strategy financial artificial intelligence stockchain whitepaper the financial system stockchain coin (scc) source capital rules scc issuance issuance method issuance plan development plan .disclosure stockchain's organizing structure research and development team management team user trading strategy developer third-party platform how get scc scc's value and its flow the system scc's value purchase mechanism the unlock period the stockchain team management team advisor disclaimer risk warning stockchain whitepaper project background destined the year bitcoin, the year cryptocurrency. the price bitcoin has accomplished almost rise from less than usd the beginning usd recently. the rise underpinned the market's strong approval and need for its functions and nature. the russian billionaires are investing cryptocurrency. venezuela issuing the national cryptocurrency petro. apple and google have supported bitcoin's api their browsers. japan, korea and philippines have established the laws for cryptocurrency. the u.s congress has established the blockchain policy-making committee and opened the future market for bitcoin. from bitcoin for pizza" bitcoin worth more than usd, bitcoin has risen million times the past years. numerous people have invested the cryptocurrency, and most them have earned lot. under such frenzy market, the investors have developed huge need for market analysis, research reports and projects' background information. but there truly professional cross-platform information system the market. with the development big data and this year, the trade volume the stock market was operated through program trading. the characteristics cryptocurrency, such its trading hour, trading rules and significant short-term turmoil, also bring huge opportunities for program trading. for the future cryptocurrency market, just like the mature stock market, institutions will dominant the trade, the first market player who owns automated trading programs and smartest trading model will stand out. stockchain's program trading sharing platform provides all sorts programmed tools and trading models for all traders. stockchain whitepaper our goal aim build cryptocurrency quotation analysis platform for professional investors. meanwhile, strive make the program trading strategies, traditional financial investment models and investmentstrategies applied investors widely, that every investor can choose desired strategy models conduct program trading. our vision scc aims facilitate ordinary people utilize the most professional automated trade system from wall street and let the successful and experienced investors lead others share the benefits the new world. the open, fair and impartial high-frequency trading interface ensures the automated programs can support the investors' operations milliseconds. our team members have working experiences wall street, famous securities companies and institutions well the big data and fields. devote ourselves the cryptocurrency market because believe that can achieve the most sharing and fair programmed software for the blockchain residents. project introduction with the popularization and application blockchain, cryptocurrency trading has expanded. numerous cryptocurrency trading platforms the global market appear unsystematic and disconnected. our project aims build quotation exchange platform for cryptocurrencies that connect the whole network, thus fill the gap trading global currencies through one client. stockchain team does not only strive provide accurate and comprehensive quotation data and news timely, but also conduct researches and practices advanced program trading and mathematical trade models, serve the global cryptocurrency traders. stockchain whitepaper market pain points isolated island problem the cryptocurrencies are normally based the erc standard and can traded any exchange, has brought with the isolated island problem. there are thousands exchanges all around the world. but due the centralization each exchange, their data cannot connected each other. this could huge pain point the traders. our platform can make use the big data and our deep understanding the blockchain solve the isolated island problem with the spirit sharing. will promote the development the industry decentralizing the originally centralized exchanges' data. have designed perfect data structure and owned related patents. the data structure can plug into the stockchain quotation system any time the future. our team have all the rights provide value-added services based the useful data. high requirements for market access now the requirements for market access are higher than normal securities trading. china, most trade are conducted between virtual currency and usdt which exchanged legal tender. but most platforms set requirements for usdt trading, the price usdt unstable and the quantity restricted. the market needs more stable usdt supply and lower requirements. low quality current quotation software the quotation software the market are poor interface layout, not user-friendly, and lack comprehensive function, quotation information and necessary data. the web-clients also have problems slow page refresh and too many bugs. these problems increase the understanding costs for new investors. difficulties choosing quality virtual currency conduct value investing the varieties virtual currencies are already large and are expected expand the future. while the current quotation exchange platform can't provide sufficient information for investors evaluate its value rationally. stockchain whitepaper incomplete varieties and information virtual currencies now the varieties virtual currency trading provided domestic exchanges are very scarce compared with the large number varieties virtual currencies, the market needs integrator which can introduce other currencies into the domestic trading market. currently, the virtual currency markets vary their quality. the investors have acquire information currencies through research reports, news and while papers. deep exploration blockchain blockchain newly-emerging technology application. now the market only utilizes virtual currency application such bitcoin. but the real futuristic technology here the blockchain technology applied the real-world, especially finance and medical sectors. their derivatives are the future trend for development. lack integrated quotation presentation now most quotation software the market are provided trading platforms. since every exchange only provides the quotations its own trading currencies, third-party software which integrate the quotations various currencies need. complicated cross-platform trading now global investors have choose single platform trade, while the platforms lack cross-market quotations. cross-platform trading requires investors opening various quotation page acquire comprehensive information, which very inconvenient. lack program trading cryptocurrency can consecutively traded for hours without restrictions from the price limiting mechanism. the future, most trade will program-based automated trading. so, excelling program trading will enable market players take control the cryptocurrency trading market. our advantages stockchain whitepaper professional financial team: top traders and bankers from global traditional secondary markets. big data analysis: data process experience level and process ability above level. technology: managing large accounts traditional stock future markets and creating various high-yield investment models. public opinion monitoring system: gpiathering information from the whole internet and improve the trading models through semantic analysis. various traffic entrance: utilizing rich experience internet products operation better attract users. high-frequency trading system: fully self-designed system from the network driver hardware alteration. solid experience products: top security and product architecture experts with years experience high concurrency internet products. basic information about the project organizational structure stockchain whitepaper product structure cross-platform client support clients web browsers android clients ios clients mobile browsers stockchain whitepaper product introduction cryptocurrency quotation exchange system centralized exchange stockchain team has cooperated with the domestic and overseas mainstream exchange platforms indepth manner. have access all mainstream platforms' quotation and exchange interfaces, and integrate these interfaces enable cross-platform centralized trading for the investors. investors can trade digital assets real time, seamlessly through our system matter where their assets are. quotation system with special features based the currency type, the location, sectoral distribution, market influence, risk level and trading volume, etc. the ico issuers[companies], will select group representative cryptocurrency samples and get the weighted average price. and then will use effective algorithms calculate various cryptocurrency indexes that can serve valuable references for investments. our calculation methods will adjust the index values with reference the quotation fluctuations, which makes the indexes highly sensitive the changing market. with these indexes, the investors can keep abreast current market trends and thus come with more detailed and well-designed investment strategies. information and media stockchain digital quotation platform can provide the users with various kinds the information including unexpected bad news, technical analyses, urgent notices and rolling information, etc. and stockchain's homegrown media monitoring system will notify investors the first-hand cryptocurrency updates, fresh-issued currency information and exchange news. index collection the system has preset about classic technical indexes. for users with more complex needs, alsoprovides the index formula editor which can help edit and refine all kinds formula indexes and early warning conditions. stockchain whitepaper integrated interfaces the system provides wide range integrated interfaces which flexibly combine quotation, information, platform, currency types and technique analysis. for instance, both the interfaces for "one currency different exchanges" and "multiple currencies one exchange" can offer comprehensive observations and analysis from different perspectives. comprehensive analysis different currencies new currencies blockchain market often feature short listing cycle and high trading frequency and the illinformed investors are likely lose money they buy these currencies hastily. this one the big headache for investors the blockchain currency market. offer the function analyzing different currencies and place the most comprehensive and accurate currency information conspicuously the quotation page. moreover, have researched and offer various indicators and graphics help investors identify the features certain currency quickly. trading analysis assistance the system presents complex exchange data the form graphics and tables that the users can easily grasp the frequency, relative strength, feature the currency trading. and detailed illustrations the comparison between different currencies and calculations enable investors master the powerful trading analysis tools our platform. interface preview webpage stockchain whitepaper quotation page detail page stockchain whitepaper exchange currency stockchain whitepaper ranking page stockchain whitepaper financial derivatives present, most exchange platforms only support single form currency trading. there are huge gaps the research and applications the financial derivatives. with many years' experience the traditional financial industry and professional team, stockchain team boasts various cryptocurrency derivatives for the investors choose from. the investors can also use sccs trade the derivatives. bitcoin, ethereum and other ico token's options will offer different types option contracts investors. meanwhile, we'll provide customer-tocustomer (cc) option exchange platform for them participate the option creation and trading, and trade options directly with other investors (pp). option contract, which gives the holder the right buy sell good specific price certain date. there are mainly two kinds options: call option and put option. after paying certain amount premium the seller, the buyer will own the right buy certain amount specific goods agreed-upon price any time before the contract expires. for example, call option: bitcoin's market price usd january th. thinks bitcoin price likely rocket the short term. but thinks usd already the mid-term cap. suppose and are brought together and deal negotiated: buys call option bitcoins usd strike price paying sccs premium and the call set expire after months. feb. th, the price bitcoin rises usd. now has the right buy bitcoin the strike price usd from this moment, even doesn't have any bitcoin, will have buy the bitcoins from the market usd and then sell the price usd agreed. the price bitcoin drops below usd when the option expired, can choose give exercising the option and will only lose his premium, total sccs. put option: jan. th, bitcoin's market price usd. buys put option from usd paying him sccs and the put set expire after months. feb. th, the price bitcoin drops usd. then can buy bitcoins from the market the price usd and sell the price usd. therefore, option like valuation adjustment mechanism (vam). the profit the buyer determined the gap between the market price and the contracted price; the profit the seller the premium paid the buyer when the market trends are not expected and gives exercising the option. such, option super leverage without risk for margin call bust account. also perfect hedge tool, which the participants can customize and choose the deal themselves. stockchain whitepaper margin trading platform stockchain will launch token margin trading platform with effective and consistent interest algorithms and margin management system for all kinds ico tokens, which will make the token margin financing and loan process safe, fair and transparent. the investors can use scc pay for the margin and the interests and can also loan out the tokens earn the interests. margin trading, i.e., loaning out the cryptocurrency, means that the short sellers borrow the tokens with margins collateral. they then sell the loaned tokens the market, and when the market price lower, they repurchase the same amount and type tokens from the market repay the lender the expiration date; they can also pay the interest their loan with scc. for example, ico token's market price now stands usd. thinks the price will drop drastically the short term whereas thinks the price will rise and willing hold the token for the long term. through stockchain margin trading platform, pledges the collateral borrow certain number tokens from and agrees pay scc interest one month later when the deal expires. then sells the loaned tokens the market the price usd. after one month, token's price drops usd, and repurchases them from the market usd pay back. stockchain whitepaper basically, profits from the price gap this case, the price drop and redeem the margin collateral. conversely, the token's price ends higher than usd month later, will suffer losses: has buy back the same number tokens the higher price and return them etf index fund portfolio stockchain platform will launch series index funds based the blockchain cryptocurrency index. etf (exchange-traded fund) index fund owns the ownership basket cryptocurrencies and divides into shares, which means its exchange price and the net asset value (nav) per share basically mirror the tracked benchmark index. therefore, the investors want buy number related cryptocurrencies, they can buy sell etf with scc, which has the same effect buying selling the index tracks and the basket the cryptocurrencies included the index, and thus yields basically the same returns the index. program trading and data service program trading system the system automates trading strategies using programs developed strategy designers. all the strategies have gone through long-term trials, and the program trading has proven truly effective and efficient way investment. our program trading system aims provide professional "wall-street level" trading strategies for non-professionals. the strategies are accessible all registered users. our platform will categorize strategies their features and highlight and recommend the well-performingstrategies investors. when investors profit from using the trading strategies, certain percentage their earnings will collected the platform the form scc commission. tool module understanding the significant role program trading tools cryptocurrency trading, developed practical program trading tools based classic financial models and the non-stopping feature cryptocurrency trading. our tools include the grid trading model and the calendar spread model etc. the former one has fully automated the trading process save the investors' time, enhance efficiency and gain more profits. stockchain whitepaper strategy sharing the program trading system offers official strategies, and also allows its users customize their own trading strategies using all kinds pointers, functions and scripting languages. users can upload their strategies and share with others. uploaded strategies will back tested the system and later, examined firm offers. strategies that prove high-yield with low drawdown will recommended other users the platform. strategy providers will awarded sccs based the popularity their strategies. data service the system's big data center stores massive historical data currency trading, including line charts, candlestick charts and settlements data all major currencies traded exchanges. users who have higher requirements for program trading can use these data whenever they need. based big data computers, the big data center traces transaction history and examines the performance program trading strategies, provide guidance for investors. interface preview interface for quantitative trading strategies stockchain whitepaper interface for strategy details interface for user's strategies stockchain whitepaper mobile financial service details quotations: stockchain mobile client offers real-time information currency market quotations, public opinions and news. the client can arrange and select targets according users'individual needs. provides comprehensive currency trading information assist users making right choices buying and selling. details trading: stockchain mobile client, compared similar platforms, offers much more detailed information trading, including transaction details, tape tendencies, money flow and other indexes. these indexes serve reference for users' buying and selling. fast trading: with optimized network components and low-latency trading servers, the mobile client can send real-time trading requests, thus accomplishing fast transactions (more information available the technical framework part). stockchain whitepaper interface preview stockchain front page the mobile client/ currency trading details whitepaper quotation interface technical framework stockchain whitepaper system structure cloud engine for quotation and other services: the service will push quotations all exchanges crossplatform clients and support high concurrency, load balancing and hot backup switching. the service has wide applicability and high availability, laying solid foundation for stockchain's business expansion and its fast launch. storage and uploading data the blockchain module: the module responsible for uploading the data generated from the client and the global exchanges the stockchain storage system and also the blockchain. then stockchain will normalize the global quotation data formats decentralize the data and store permanently, and share with the whole blockchain industry promote the development blockchain and the cryptocurrency market. analysis module: the module uses open source technology hbase and hadoop for analysis collected data, including but not limited the quotations, users' comments, news etc. through data analysis, stockchain will launch public opinion analysis system for the cryptocurrency world and in-depth analysis the quotations well other services continuously inject new vitality into the platform. third-party api: based the ipfs network storage, provide historical quotation data api all exchanges, real-time quotation subscription api, public opinion analysis api for third-party developers. files and demo are also provided the github for developers. about the blockchain since the financial crisis when appalling events like the bankruptcy lehman brothers and iceland's sovereign debt default happened, the financial industry has been exploring ways decentralization. but the progress quite slow. the birth bitcoin finally showed possibilities for decentralization. blockchain, the underlying technology bitcoin, has been developed and improved. based the decentralization, data transparency and immutability enabled blockchain, stockchain platform uses this technology providing value-added services (level quotation service, short-term investments) and derivatives, thus avoiding defaults under-the-table deals traditional finance. stockchain whitepaper blockchain's technical architecture: blockchain's data structure: stockchain whitepaper blockchain's innovations: stockchain whitepaper uploading data the blockchain: the module composed uploader, adapter, stored and ipfs. using the pipeline idea, the global exchange quotations are collected via uploader the stockchain system storage cluster (k-v storage) for fast quotation distribution. the data are imported into the ipfs file system enable data uploaded the blockchain real sense. this way, the historical quotations the cryptocurrency world will broadcast the whole industry through our platform. through data normalization, can ensure practitioners read the data unified format easily. ipfs: the ipfs project developers, following the similar idea with ethereum developers, intend decentralize the internet (http) and have files stored all machines the form sharding. the file sharding model already widely used traditional internet and its can serve stable and permanently sustainable file system the blockchain. smart contract: smart contract comprises codes and data, occupying address the blockchain. like automatic agent the blockchain, has its own account and able perform some functions under certain conditions, such automatically exercising option contract the stockchain platform the given point time, providing the level quotation service and the short-term investment function for users for one month and charging them sccs, and being turing complete (meaning can everything that turing machine can do). example smart contracts: code example for buying level service sccs mapping (address uint) public balanceof; //account balance //financial service data structure struct f_srv_info string name; //service name uint price; //service price stockchain whitepaper mapping (uint f_srv_info) public f_srv_info_map; //financial service mapping table uint[] buy_srv_list; //bought service table mapping (address uint[]) public acc_buy_srv_map; //mapping the account's bought financial service table event transfer(address indexed from, address indexed to, uint value); /** buy service function byesrv(address owner, uint srv_id, string name) public returns (bool success) bool is_buy; is_buy false; for(uint f_srv_info_map[srv_id].price); //add the bought service's acc_buy_srv_map[owner].push(srv_id); //deduct the fees, account based org_account _transfer(owner, org_account, f_srv_info_map[srv_id].price); return true; stockchain whitepaper token: stockchain platform's token follows the erc standard which was published november, erc tokens are universal and predictable. that say, all erc tokens are compatible with ethereum wallets (wallets like jaxx, mew and imtoken all support erc tokens). and exchanges have already known how trade these tokens they can easily integrate them, meaning the tokens can directly traded many cases. the standard enables tokens connected. erc tokens are only subsets ethereum tokens. ensure the compatibility with erc standard, developers should include set functions (interfaces) the smart contracts, perform the following functions higher layers: obtain the total amount tokens obtain the account balance transfer the tokens approve token spending regarding the wide applicability feature ipfs, terms storage and performance, ipfs double-edged sword. that's why just expedient plan for our transition period. are planning develop blockchain stockchain especially designed for financial use and will transfer the existing tokens and on-chain data smoothly the stockchain. stockchain whitepaper cloud engine the client sends login request sending xor-encrypted format string the server; (the key used here fixed); after the server verifies the legitimacy the login request, will send xor-decrypted string back the client and bring the key gateway; the gateway will record skey information this connection; the client encrypts sconf request with the asymmetric cryptographic algorithm, and the same time, uses the skey returned from the server encrypt the encrypted data with the xor algorithm,and sends the server; (mainly prevent public key disclosure and increase the complexity connection replay requests); after receiving the request, the server will first decrypt with the xor algorithm and then decrypt the data with the asymmetric cryptographic algorithm; after the server verifies the legitimacy the sconf request, will generate private keys for communication, encrypt the response using temporary private key string created the client and send back the client. the client will thus communicate with the server using the private keys created the server. prevent slow connections, have defined the server: time interval between establishing connection and the first login request time interval between successful login and sconf; the connection will closed time out avoid handle waste. stockchain whitepaper the gateway equipped with retry mechanism avoid failures caused back-end server update restarts etc. stockchain whitepaper the persistent connection-based quotation service our existing service. supports both http interface and udp interface. when developing the quotation system, fully used the conformity the interface layer make other services support the above requests well. therefore, can interface the quotation service and the tcp engine without rewriting the service's code (few adjustments statistical information may needed). meanwhile, other services, including option, futures and vams, can also connected the engine converting requests the libxxxxx layer. this idea has wide applicability. stockchain whitepaper connect services that only have the http surface the persistent connection, developed the broker; also, converge the connections with the back-end server (which can also achieved lvs) stockchain whitepaper cross-platform and high-performance client terminal currently, cryptocurrency quotation and exchange software the market are all cross-platform integrated systems with the b/s architecture, developed html, css javascript. their communication mode timed pulling over http. this way, the development cycle relatively short and the system easy maintain. but due limitations screen compatibility, data processing ability and communication mode, these applications may present pages disorder and incomplete data, encounter lags and update failures etc. when operating different systems and devices. these problems can result users' wrong judgments and revenue losses. quotations are rapidly changing and it's not easy seize trading opportunities. good quotation and exchange software should therefore provide real-time and comprehensive quotations for its users userfriendly way, that the users can make quick and right decisions. thus, offer personalized systems different platforms based the c/s architecture: the server, with the cloud engine its carrier, collects, analyzes and disseminates real-time quotations and forwards users' orders; for the client which responsible for presenting quotations and sending orders, choose native development technologies with the best performance and the greatest stability for different operating systems, based onthe system's visual, performance and communication features. real-time data interaction links are established between the server and the client using the socket communication and the async non-blocking i/o mode. this way, our platform has covered almost all operating systems and devices the market. users can check real-time quotations and conduct transactions any time and any place, with concern for data latency. stockchain whitepaper technical solutions for the client are follows: windows platform: use c++, mfc and boost technologies, socket communication technique and the async non-blocking i/o (asio) mode. for pcs with windows and later operating systems. mac platform: use object-c, cocoa and boost technologies, socket communication technique, and the async non-blocking i/o (asio) mode. for all mac versions. ios platform: use object-c, cocoa touch and boost technologies, socket communication technique, and the async nonblocking i/o (asio) mode. for iphones and later iphones, ipad mini, ipad air, ipad pro and later ipads. android platform: use java, swt and mina technologies, socket communication technique, and the async non-blocking i/o (nio) mode. for mobile phones and tablets with android and later operating systems. browser platform: use html, css and technologies, websocket communication technique, and sync standard i/o mode. for pcs and mobile phones with linux windows phone system and browsers. stockchain whitepaper optimized network components the network components have been optimized three aspects: developed the zerocopy network communication module with large volume and low latency; optimized communication protocols between clients and exchanges; deployed proxy servers for transactions major idcs the core cities. the optimized network components enable the quotation and exchange platform provide real-time quotations and in-depth analysis for users and forward their orders quick and steady way. develop the zerocopy network communication module with large volume and low latency the traditional network communication module transfers data from the network card the kernel buffer, analyzes the data according the service model and returns the data back the buffer sent the network card. this data transmission process, the data copies for least times, and there are also multiple context switches between the user mode and kernel mode. the operating system firstly copies the data the buffer kernel space using dma; after the kernel network protocol stack resolves it, the data will copied the buffer user zone the cpu; the cpu will copy the data which has been analyzed based the service model the kernel buffer, and finally send the network card using dma. stockchain whitepaper the data flow diagram the whole process shown below: data copy using the cpu low-efficient, accounting for nearly the total time cost. the application the linux-based zerocopy technology can remove the data transfer tasks undertaken the cpu, enabling the cpu focus model analysis order achieve the efficient use system resources and low latency. first, use mmap share the kernel buffer with the application, that the content the kernel buffer does not have copied the user space. second, put the service model-based analysis before the kernel network protocol stack resolution, reduce unnecessary copies. finally, use the self-developed card driver work with the intel nic achieve page cache and dma collect copy. with the three steps optimization, not only reduce data copy tasks, but also reduce context switches between the user mode and kernel mode. the whole data transmission and processing process only happens the system's kernel space, taking only the time spent the traditional communication model. stockchain whitepaper the data flow diagram the optimized zerocopy-based network communication module shown below: based network communications module supported zerocopy, single server can process data gbps with transmission delay less than ms, gbps and with transmission delay less than ms. optimize communications protocols between clients and exchanges currently, the worldwide exchanges offer interactions based the web access communications through the clients' browsers. however, open and shared framework, the browser cannot restricted interacting with the exchanges. these ways transaction are susceptible changes the users' browsers, which could cause lengthy delays communications even failure the trade. stockchain whitepaper deploy proxy servers for transactions the backbone idc the core node cities will look for high-quality idc resources the countries all over the world deploy the transaction proxy servers according market demands. big data the era big data, stockchain also starts develop the big data industry. has developed series big data-based smart business applications, such dmp (an enterprise-tailored database), dsp precisely targeted platform), pas user profile analysis system). also collaborates with several large enterprises marketize and cash profits data mining. big data coverage stockchain has developed distributed, high-concurrency, large-scale data acquisition engines its own. these engines collect data from clusters home and abroad. they cover more than million websites and million app. acquisition engines are equipped with pattern recognition modules acquire data from images. with resources accumulated the past few years, stockchain has established good partnerships with several large enterprises, and realized data coverage over the whole network. stockchain whitepaper highly efficient computing platform leveraging open-source big data frameworks such hadoop and spark, stockchain has established private cloud computing platform, capable storing distributed big data. the platform's architecture designed with high reliability, high scalability and high fault-tolerance. the platform can conduct offline and real-time computation, perform various tasks and provide pig, hive, hbase and other components. also able process huge amounts data. stockchain whitepaper financial public opinions the platform able acquire data efficiently and store huge amounts data. could acquire financial data timely and efficiently. through machine learning and natural language processing technologies, the platform can identify and structure information text data, image data and voice data. can also timing, opinion, emotion and event analysis for structured public opinion data, and extract hidden information. through rnn, cnn, dnn and other neural network models, the platform can predict risks the financial market. can issue early warnings risks, analyze trends and hotspots monitor and deeply analyze real-time public opinions. stockchain whitepaper quantitative trading strategy financial artificial intelligence after acquisition financial data, the platform can input massive data concerning financial transactions through machine learning. via the deep learning technology, the platform can automatically identify transaction models among billions data and find the changing eigen factors during transactions, predict trends and design successful strategies. can establish and improve trading models using trading algorithms based the history regression analysis and statistical probability. the platform acquires data regarding all the important financial indicators and leverages deep reinforcement learning technology and multi neural networks learn about changes the market and predict rules and trends the market, produce new parameters, and further optimize transaction models. based machine learning, the platform builds the financial knowledge graph. leverages the public opinion analysis system and integrate data (both structured and unstructured) from multiple sources. the platform will also check the data inconsistency, add the targeted market's risk coefficient the eigen factors, maximize benefits (or minimize losses) the transactions. stockchain whitepaper the financial syetem stockchain coin (scc) stockchain foundation's finance management team will divided into two departments, responsible for the company's operation and cryptocurrency respectively. the former will manage the company's daily expenditure, including salaries, travel expenses and fees hardware procurement, and makes financial statements regularly. the latter will handle and update data wallets, transfers, exchanges, cashing, etc. stockchain whitepaper source capital the beginning, stockchain coin system mainly relies its own investment, private placement and public sales. when the system runs smoothly, will earn growing profits liquidity diversion from the exchanges, profit sharing programmed trading systems, derivatives' service charges and the platform's value-added services. rules scc issuance the platform issues stockchain coin, simply called the token scc. the total issuance will stay billion, the platform pledges not increase its scc supply. the allocation scc planned follows. the currency will distributed users, the founding team and the management fund. issuance method stockchain whitepaper issuance plan currency for crowdfunding: ethereum (eth) total issuance: billion scc stockchain whitepaper development plan disclosure every year, the foundation will disclose the development, operation, use scc and related management systems the official website. stockchain organizing structure stockchain whitepaper research and development team r&d team has initiated the stockchain platform. the builder and defender the platform. for its prosperity, the stockchain team will improve the cryptocurrency market system and apply the blockchain technology programmed transaction. will also continue provide more and better strategies and products, improve user experience, that they actively engaged. management team the management team maintains and operates the stockchain community. responsible for retaining users, encouraging them active the platform and devising quality strategies. also committed maintaining positive and optimistic atmosphere for communicating the community. user users are the cornerstone the stockchain community. when they enter the platform, they can not only know about quotations the multi-currency market and exchange currencies online but also interact with other users the message board, through other functions, such questioning. users will also the main force consuming scc. for example, they can reward others, purchase service, rent strategies, participate financial derivatives trading, etc. trading strategy developer strategy developers propel the stockchain community. the platform will not only research and develop lot programmed trading strategies, but also rely more personal strategy developers. every strategy developer can edit and share his her successful trading experience the platform. the developers will earn benefits their strategies are used other profits and make profits for them. the same time, every year, stockchain platform will reward developers who provide high quality strategies with the incentivizing funds. third-party platform the third-party platforms are loyal partners stockchain community. stockchain platform leverages the third-party platform complete online transactions. also brings those third- parties visits and commissions. after the stockchain platform adopts the trading strategy, doubles the turnover the third-party platform and user engagement, delivering win-win results. stockchain whitepaper how get scc private placement advance: strategic investors bring fund and resources. ico: ico based ethereum, which can also joined our website www.stockchain.co offline free trade among users: every user has his own wallet. users could transfer through the blockchain. the transaction and its results will recorded the chain and will never changed. the third-party trading platform: scc will also issued third-party trading platforms. stockchain whitepaper scc value and its flow the system scc's value deduct service charges: all the transactions, the system will offer discounts any service fee it's paid scc. program trading settlement: when investors record gains from the programmed trading strategies, they are required pay certain number scc commission for the program, some which wil lcompensate the program provider, and the rest will destroyed. consumption the platform's services: scc could used for cloud and custody services provided the scc platform. consumption the scc community: scc could settle transactions with automatic trading procedures and strategy models, such buying, rewarding, crowdfunding, etc. trading financial derivatives: scc could settle transactions financial derivatives provided the stockchain platform, such futures, options, etf, and indexes. vip stockchain platform: the user's holding scc various platforms decides its vip level the stockchain platform. vips could enjoy their privileges provided each function the platform. stockchain whitepaper purchase mechanism the stockchain platform will report its financial statements each season. the platform will execute repurchasing and destroying scc the market and ensure the total amount scc will stay million. all users could view the transaction history the blockchain browser. the unlock period the stockchain team initial release million the end the year million the end the year million the end the year million stockchain whitepaper management team mr. jin xiang (ceo) former technical director (greater china) ige, the largest fictitious currency dealer the world; successive entrepreneur. established multiple highly successful websites with dau more than ten millions and internet products; founded quantitative trading trust fund; has extensive experience and deep understanding the integration internet, big data, and finance. mr. yang (cto) worked for over years; co-founder the cloud engine; developed safe, search and pb-level sample storage and identification process; capable handling high concurrency and distributed storage system. mr. edoardo bertolani (cmo) previously served portfolio manager for both institutional and affluent clients bper banking group europe, mr. edoardo bertolani, after obtaining his international mba from iede business school, has been working asia for the past years: first senior consultant for interchina consulting shanghai, directly involved m&a projects; later, independent investor start-up companies, based singapore. ms. yan yating (coo) former sales trading department director huatai securities; former partner rui dong capital; former director investment and business development department kuang-chi science (,hk) (during her term office, the company's stock price grew the company financed billion dollar and accomplished two overseas acquisitions) mr. michael (bd head) postgraduate from columbia university new york. ex-goldman sachs investment banking executive director, michael acquired extensive experience the financial services industry from working both gs's new york and asia offices for years. mr. zhu ciyang (trading head) graduated from nyu-stern and worked icahn capital the wall street analyst and trader for years. after returning china, then traded the a-share market one the top private capital known "the ningbo expendables". focus short-term quantitative trading, now a-share high frequency hedge fund manager. stockchain whitepaper mr. zhao hui (product manager) one the top internet product managers china; worked baidu for over years; senior product manager baidu search engine and manager the baidu mobile searching business sector; has outstanding abilities product structure and design; good locating market pain points and address users' need. mr. huanyang (sales head) worked microsoft, ibm and baidu (won the best professional manager while working baidu); has outstanding strategic insight and strong market sense. advisor mr. peng (internet advisor) mr. peng used serve the general manager apple china, baidu coo, alibaba group, general manager tmall, president ali small enterprise and business department, and general manager lufax. has doctorate information and software engineering from university ulster, and has master degree emba from china europe international business school. professor nickolaos travlos (financial analysis advisor) chair finance alba graduate business school and chair finance surrey business school the uk. prior alba taught boston college, new york university (l. stern school business). travlos was recognized one the "most contributing" authors the journal finance, finance consultant and has served the board directors several national and international firms such hellenic capital market commission, academic committee the hellenic banks association and athens international airport s.a. professor robert dixon (risk control advisor) director institute for china development and research durham university and dean for durham business school from and prior that held various administrative roles including chair the board studies. his research interests are broad and include investigations the contribution venture capitalists and the impact regulation business. highly regarded speaker and has held visiting professorships malaysia, hong kong, france and finland. stockchain whitepaper professor dimitris petmezas (investment advisor) chair finance the university surrey, uk. independent m&a advisor and also investment analyst for many major m&a projects. professor petmezas has also been invited deliver speeches more than universities the usa, canada, europe and china. additionally, his research has been featured the programs various high profile international conferences, such the american accounting association (aaa) conference, and quoted widely read international media, such the financial times and the economist. professor ian vernon (algorithm advisor) student dr. stephen william hawking, phd (theoretical physics) university cambridge. specializing the bayesian analysis complex systems including large scale galaxy formation simulations. professor ian vernon was awarded michell prize for best applied bayesian article worldwide, which considered the top research prize for statistics. professor chris florakis (crypto-index advisor) professor finance the management school the university liverpool. his research interests range from corporate finance and governance various aspects asset pricing and risk management. has received research funding from the association chartered certified accountants (acca) and the bank england (boe). his research findings have been presented into high quality academic conferences-workshops organized central banks, think-tanks and research organizations e.g. bank england, financial management association (fma). mr. jiang hai (blockchain technology advisor) founder and ceo bubi chain. ph. china academy science. mr. jiang hai has deep understanding the essence and commercial application the blockchain technology. mr. kai (investment advisor) founder capital. since the establishment capital, mr. kai was bullish the internet's capability transforming the traditional industries and has achieved successful investment some influential internet projects such gen shei xue, pingtai, and health etc. mr. zong cheng (pr advisor) partner btc, founder timestamp capital. timestamp capital, subsidiary btc, charge mr. zong cheng, professional investment platform mainly focus investing the projects with great potentials the blockchain core technique, supporting facilities and application scenarios. stockchain whitepaper mr. sheng qiang (trading advisor) chairman winning (shanghai) asset management co., ltd. emba pbc school finance, tsinghua university. mr. sheng qiang used serve the senior management team dzh (.sh) and has more than years' experience stock information service. established winning and has achieved outstanding investment performance. disclaimer this document only provides information rather than advice for trading stockchain shares and securities. any similar suggestion price reference shall provided under trustworthy provisions and applicable securities laws other concerning laws. this document doesn't involve any investment suggestions forms securities, investment intentions abetment. neither includes nor understands any practices trading trading invitations. neither contract nor promise any form. stockchain notes that potential users are fully aware the platform's risks. the investor recognizes and willing take risks and all consequences the moment invests the platform stockchain not obliged recoup any direct indirect losses caused the users' participation the stockchain platform, such any mistakes, errors imprecise information any behaviors thereof. any losses incurred personal trading blockchain assets any behaviors thereof. scc digital cryptocurrency used the stockchain platform. scc not investment. can't guarantee that scc bound appreciate. under certain circumstances, there exist possibilities scc depreciation. those who fail use the scc appropriate way will forfeit right using the currency even lose their currencies. scc neither ownership control right. possession scc doesn't equal ownership stockchain stockchain application. scc doesn't entitle anyone participating in, controlling deciding issues regarding stockchain and its application. stockchain whitepaper risk warning the issuing party stockchain foundation ltd (the "foundation"), public company limited guarantee pursuant the singapore company act (cap. and registered shenton way #-, shenton house, singapore (). risks respect the ethereum protocol any failure, destruction, dysfunction the ethereum protocol will beyond the control the control the scc team and may have material adverse effect the scc tokens, which being established upon ethereum protocol; risk respect delivery due the nature the blockchain technology which diffusely adopted for cryptocurrencies, include but not limit smart contract system, the purchaser may not receive the tokens the same day which purchaser finish the payment process scc tokens. offering purchase the tokens from scc platform, the purchaser agrees that purchaser's responsibility for implementing reasonable measurements for securing the receiving wallet, vault other storage mechanism you use receive and possess the scc tokens. risks respect security failure scc platform and/or scc tokens remain susceptible vindictive cyberattacks autonomous nature person, legal person, software, illegal cyber activities and organized crime. the internal security the scc protocol's core infrastructure might also debilitated under the security failure. risks respect regulatory impacts the regulatory status cryptographic token unclear undefined many jurisdictions. the event that any legislative authority administrative authority publishes amend the laws, regulations and guidance might have negatively impact the scc tokens. risks concerned with various competitions recognize intense competition the field cryptocurrency. thousands teams are planning developing relevant applications. the competition will more than fierce. but this era, any good concept, startup even full-fledged company face the risk competition. but for us, they are also the driving forces. stockchain whitepaper other unpredictable risks addition the risks mentioned thereto, there still exists other undefined unpredicted risks. besides, other risks may arise all sudden and many above-mentioned risks may arise combined way.