stormx(tm), inc. final october th, this document the intellectual property cakecodes global sezc, inc. neither duplication nor distribution permitted without written permission cakecodes global sezc, inc. storm play(tm), storm gigs(tm), storm market(tm), storm task(tm), stormx(tm) and storm token(tm) are trademarks ((tm)) cakecodes global sezc, inc. the information and views expressed this document, including urls and other internet website references, may change without notice. cakecodes global sezc, inc. confidential patents-pending page stormx, inc. ("stormx") rebranding its popular adtech application "bitmaker" "storm play," and contemporaneously kicking off both the increased gamification of, and the integration blockchain technology to, the app. introduce blockchain technology into its technology stack, stormx introducing the storm token, erc-compliant token that operates the ethereum blockchain. "storm makers," who post tasks the storm play app, are required pay for posts storm tokens, and "storm players," who are the users the app earn rewards, denominated bolts, for performing tasks. with the introduction storm play, storm players now have the option monetizing their earned bolts storm tokens. storm players may then become storm makers turn using storm tokens pay post tasks the platform. the introduction blockchain the storm play app marks the first step evolution toward what stormx envisions entire decentralized marketplace for tasks the "storm market." the storm market will operate similar the apple app store the google play store that will serve platform where storm makers and storm players can create and accept tasks using smart contracts powered and paid for with storm tokens. stormx aims make the storm market platform that operates via combination stormx apis and other proprietary software tools and applications, along with ethereum-based smart contracts for various types tasks which will execute using storm tokens. people worldwide can benefit adopting the storm market model mechanism for commerce, makes easy for storm makers and storm players connect and interact with significantly reduced transaction costs. website: www.stormtoken.com cakecodes global sezc, inc. confidential patents-pending page abstract table contents overview the freelancer marketplace stormx background gamification design storm player types persona types) storm player journeys introducing the storm market storm smart tokens storm market launch future development plans: storm tasks stormx team team overview key team members lead advisors acknowledgements cakecodes global sezc, inc. confidential patents-pending page finding steady flow flexible opportunities earn, not just get life, but truly advance ourselves and our families global need. the current freelancer market, centralized industry leaders including upwork, fiverr amazon, charge transaction fees. the current system has too many middlemen making the global freelance market expensive and inefficient. taking the first step toward tackling this problem, stormx, inc. ("stormx") rebranding its popular microtask application "bitmaker" "storm play," and contemporaneously kicking off the integration blockchain technology into the app with the introduction "storm tokens." storm play the user portal into stormx's existing micro-task marketplace, which will called "storm market" the rebranded app. while currently storm market primarily features promotional user engagement tasks, stormx's vision that there will ultimately three distinct categories tasks: promotional user engagement. freelance labor, ranging from micro-tasks app testing longer independent contract-style engagements. shopping-related opportunities where users can learn about sample retail goods and services. stormx's vision that the storm market will operate decentralized platform where anyone will able offer engage tasks using ethereum blockchain-based "smart contracts" powered erc-compliant storm tokens. the future storm market here. with the launch the rebranded storm play app conjunction with the distribution storm tokens, the core elements storm market are place. storm market participants soliciting engagement (i.e., sellers, advertisers, companies, etc. call them "storm makers") use storm tokens place tasks the storm market, and the participants wanting engage (consumers, viewers, freelancers, etc. call them "storm players") receive reward units called bolts return for performing specified tasks. bolts may not transferred off storm market and are redeemable for storm tokens. storm tokens may then resold, used pay for the listing tasks storm market utilized any way the holder sees fit. (as detailed below, for transition period, storm players will continue able choose convert bolts eth, btc, storm tokens, but once the transition complete, bolts will only transferrable storm tokens.) cakecodes global sezc, inc. confidential patents-pending page blockchain revolutionary. demonstrated the success and growth blockchain-based distributed computing networks like bitcoin and ethereum, the future the internet involves decentralized, efficient, inclusive, and global ecosystems. stormx believes that blockchain-based marketplaces will critical foundation global, digital ecosystems. the creation and integration storm tokens into storm play reflect stormx's vision fully integrate blockchain technology into storm market. launch, storm market will remain centralized platform, but the stormx team developing blockchain-based smart contracts that will decentralize the process creating and engaging tasks storm market, removing inefficiencies, and enabling storm makers and storm players engage directly with each other open and transparent platform powered storm tokens. ultimately, the storm market will seek enable ways earn rewards and compensation through gamified micro-tasks and other engagement tasks and freelance work from anywhere, any time, any device, by: making easier find new opportunities making easier advance making easier engage, matter what role person playing stormx's principles: effective global inclusion can only happen when all marketplace participants can negotiate and settle efficiently the ability earn and improve one's condition basic human right efficiency about respecting the most valuable resource all, time there has been major shift the freelancer marketplace over the last five years. today, employers place much higher emphasis technology and automation, rendering the traditional work schedule nearly obsolete. companies hire people from all over the world while maintaining operational efficiencies and reducing costs. the digital world allows for company hire software developer from brazil, user experience designer from england, and community manager from india. this major advantage both parties: task performers are longer bound geographical location and task posters are able hire from the global talent pool. cakecodes global sezc, inc. confidential patents-pending page figure the traditional information worker paradigm being disrupted technology and automation. centralized platforms have established this strong market. companies like fiverr, taskrabbit, upwork, and mechanical turk have their workforces distributed throughout the world, but existing inefficiencies are financially hurting many these freelancers. today's platform participants are losing their wages platform transaction fees, with long transaction periods, and they are not receiving the corresponding value return. this can create toxic relationship between the task poster and task performer. freelancers want earn more, and keep more what they actually earn. blockchain can change these dynamics through the efficient listing tasks and implementation rewards programs which can monetized through conversion storm tokens. for example, mechanical turk charges additional commission when requesters need more than people, seen in: http://www.businessinsider.com/amazon-mechanical-turk-price-changes, and https://requester.mturk.com/pricing. cakecodes global sezc, inc. confidential patents-pending page stormx started taking different approach the digital advertising marketplace and creating advertising marketplace that rewards the engagers gamified advertisements with cryptocurrency through the android mobile application, storm play. storm play works. this unique approach the advertising marketplace helped develop the idea behind much larger opportunity extend this network potential storm players into marketplace with more earning opportunities consisting wide variety gamified micro-tasks. through storm play, stormx has already grown market with monthly active storm players. august storm market participants have access to: figure storm play's highlight achievements. cakecodes global sezc, inc. confidential patents-pending page gamification principles are used throughout storm market. gamification the process adding games game-like elements, such micro-task, encourage active participation. gamification the process integrating game mechanics 'non-gaming' contexts, such websites, apps, and services, order boost the user's motivation for participation, enhance the level engagement and increase user loyalty. iterative process which gameful design framework deployed foster the user's journey mastery. people already have gamified services like language learning courses (e.g. duolingo and mindspace). games like candy crush, clash royale and the clash clans have already developed array effective gaming techniques. the main goal embedding 'gamification' layer the storm market platform make effective reaching objectives for boosting and delivering business results, like roe (return engagement). storm play can make monotonous work much more enjoyable through gamified platform. gamification strategies and techniques create the easiest and most enjoyable way for people earn within the storm market. experience rewards system (storm players are rewarded with bolts, formerly known blocks) for: creating tasks completing tasks managing other storm players that person referred complete task successfully helping categorize task helping rank task "treks" are how stormx internally conceptualizes the journeys designed within the platform experience that help storm player from being new user storm play, master user storm play. dederding al., https://www.cs.auckland.ac.nz/courses/compscisc/lectures/paul/definitiondeterding.pdf. cakecodes global sezc, inc. confidential patents-pending page this platform has vast kinds storm maker treks. different storm players earn bolts which may redeemed for storm tokens doing different kinds tasks. each actionloop and journey (described below greater detail) corresponds different kinds storm player types, make them applicable different kinds real world people. storm market uses gamified design appeal the following different types users: figure six types storm players gamification mechanics focus enabling storm players through "journeys," which can range from beginner level mastery level. the mechanics focus helping storm players become advocates the storm market platform. currently, storm player can progress through the following phases with respect the storm play application: discovery phase onboarding phase getting immersed [habit building] phase mastery phase and replay. cakecodes global sezc, inc. confidential patents-pending page figure storm players, and storm makers are going through journey from beginner mastery. the basic unit the gamification design process are "action-loops." action-loop serves boost user's engagement. storm makers can offer storm players different ways aggregating bolts, like testing. storm players track their micro-task progress according their bolts earned date, which can best characterized the experience points storm player accumulates she completes tasks. after performing the task, storm player can level that is, the storm player's number total bolts earned increases, does the storm player's experience rank. different action-loops can designed for each the four phases the storm player's journey mastery different treks. once the storm player done they may redeem their aggregated bolts for storm tokens. figure action loops are the micro-engagement engines that create effective gamification framework cakecodes global sezc, inc. confidential patents-pending page effective gamification design framework includes action-loops that take into account the user's intrinsic motivation. this means that effective gamification depends the ability provide appropriate feedback the user, shown the diagram below. this positive feedback comes the form bolts. figure user intrinsic motivation driven approach. storm play has shown significant growth providing users with gamified adtech experience, and stormx sees this gamification model the foundational point for creating improved marketplace for not just advertising, but all sorts microtasks. stormx integrates blockchain technology and adds additional features, all players involved the marketplace benefit. stormx rebranding and launching storm market, which operates platform that supports both proprietary applications and open-sourced smart contracts aimed facilitating transactions micro-task marketplace. the storm market network provides network participants with rewards (bolts), tools, features, and other customized access via storm tokens. based deci ryan self-determination theory, cakecodes global sezc, inc. confidential patents-pending page stormx introducing the storm token erc- token that will facilitate transactions within opt-in, secured, gamified marketplace, that will eventually run blockchainbased smart contracts ethereum. the storm token will implemented have the option used smart token using the bancor protocol, however, the bancor protocol technology will not enabled launch. the smart token template erccompatible token template. more information about bancor can found the bancor website and the bancor white paper. the launch the network, storm makers will need pay stormx using storm tokens order create micro-tasks storm play. storm tokens can acquired through: storm play, aggregating bolts that are redeemable for storm tokens. storm token user acquisition token allocation, which will dispensed through storm play channels such email, storm play, social media. the launch the storm market will marked stormx's sale storm tokens and its contemporaneous rebranding and gamification what was previously known the bitmaker adtech application storm play. specific examples how storm market has introduced gamified user scenarios are: marketing visibility via boosts: many today's freelancers struggle with being able market themselves, inhibiting their access more opportunities. within storm market, storm players can use their balance bolts for boosts. boosts give the storm player access more micro-tasks for certain period time. training: many today's freelancers also struggle with understanding what required terms skill gain access different types tasks. storm market users can engage training tasks develop skills and receive bolts. each skill has its own level increase based the number tasks completed. these training tasks also help the storm player understand his her current skill level and the gaps close order reach his her next skill level, which turn can unlock more tasks. gamified project management: storm players are rewarded for reaching task milestones within complex tier tasks. storm players will rewarded when they complete task milestone, which will help the storm player cakecodes global sezc, inc. confidential patents-pending page notified his her checkpoint acceptance. storm makers have analytics available and are notified when storm player completes tasks. the ethereum network limited terms scalability allowing for only about transactions per second. launch, the storm token will operate the ethereum network, and the remaining functionality the storm market i.e., the storm play application will offered stormx proprietary storm market services. storm play will provide platform for developing "storm tasks": the smart contract templates for agreements made between storm makers and storm players. storm tasks will ethereum-based smart contracts, written solidity, that will aim facilitate microtask transactions the storm market. processing for storm tasks will reside top the ethereum blockchain. such, all storm task transactions should validated, executed, and enforced global network ethereum nodes. the storm tasks may lay out timelines, milestone markers, payment terms, and other more advanced features such qualifications credentials required undertake specific micro-task. the implementation storm market storm tasks will provide protections for both parties decrease the likelihood foul play. stormx also considering additional categories micro-tasks and smart contract use cases within the storm market, such the ability learn about sample retail products via "storm shop," perform small projects complete any other gamified micro-task similar freelance job that storm maker seeks have completed via "storm gigs." the company vision involves increasing the number and accessibility gamified micro-task opportunities, and thereby increasing the number ways for marketplace participants have tasks completed earn useful rewards. figure storm market includes categories micro-tasks: storm play, storm shop, and storm gigs. cakecodes global sezc, inc. confidential patents-pending page the success storm market depends not only the solution being created and the technology behind the solution, the success about the team that intends utilize that technology order successfully implement solution. what makes the team stormx unique? the strength the team relies the theme key milestones achieved over the past few years development the storm play application: strong team that has already been working together for several years history developing and growing bitmaker and the storm market platform storm market the next evolution product roadmap resulting from traction the stormx team well-rounded terms muscle, brain, years experience, and areas expertise across business and engineering, especially across adtech and blockchain. the team has demonstrated the ability operate and move quickly and efficiently one. the founders the company have more than four years experience working together, across two businesses. figure from bottom left right: reo (engineering), sue (design), esther (engineering). from middle left right: calvin (engineering), arry (coo), brian (data intern). from top left right: simon (ceo), derek (marketing), rui (engineering), sean (engineering). cakecodes global sezc, inc. confidential patents-pending page simon ceo founder prodigy business, simon's core strengths lie his ability drive the team against the most important priorities, listen the market, and attract the right people the company. visionary who able see the long-term potential every aspect scaling multi-billion-dollar business opportunity. rui maximo cto security expert rui has over years experience software development and program management developing over commercial products. rui also has background cryptography, and degrees mathematics. specializes security, software development, product design, project management, technical writing, public speaking and training. arry coo arry the coo stormx and brings her years passion for business the company. because she has both business and technology expertise, she able navigate fluidly across the business fluent operator end-to-end. steven nerayoff chief strategist: ethereum, alchemist ventures, bancor, lisk steven nerayoff investor, founder, venture capitalist and prolific entrepreneur. the founder and ceo alchemist ventures, venture capital firm primarily focused emerging technologies including blockchain-based payment systems, consumer focused internet startups, and socially conscious organizations. hanan gazit, ph.d founder juloot interactive gamification specialist hanan gameful experiences engineer and the founder juloot interactive. video games and virtual worlds researcher and academic lecturer, teaching computer science students games apps design and development. calvin hsieh software development engineer co-founder calvin cofounder bitmaker. with millions app downloads his portfolio, calvin able build and execute building apps that are popular with users all over the world. cakecodes global sezc, inc. confidential patents-pending page sean zhong architect v.p. engineering sean has over years experience that brings business, engineering, and data warehousing together build products that best serve people. his specialties include client-server architecture, data warehousing, and analytical marketing. matthew ferrante storm token smart contracts auditor matt, blockchain software engineer, early ethereum adopter with deep technical knowledge core ethereum codebase, cryptography, and formal verification security. matt also works for the ethereum foundation. jon nolz v.p. business development jon nolz the vice president business development. jon has deep-rooted background product strategy, new media, digital advertising and direct response marketing with executive positions drugstore.com and infospace. sue yang user experience design sue leads design across marketing and product for storm market. experienced designer with background programming, she continually seeks out new ways improve web and mobile experiences for users exploring different approaches. derek haroutoonian marketing operations derek leads marketing and sales operations, including social media, analysis and reporting, user communications, public relations, and network development. esther song full stack engineering esther full stack engineer with background running her family business, that along with her love coding, gaming and startups has made her integral part the stormx, inc. team. favorite languages include mysql, jquery, css, html/, javascript, json, ruby, angularjs, and others. felipe augusto mobile engineering web and mobile development expert with experience in: python, django, linux, android, ruby, and go. cakecodes global sezc, inc. confidential patents-pending page bill shihara bittrex ceo bill shihara the ceo and co-founder cryptocurrency exchange bittrex, which celebrated its third anniversary january prior bittrex, bill has combined years cyber-security experience amazon, blackberry, and microsoft, managing number different areas from threat intelligence, security architecture and development, and security response. tom bollich madhive cto zynga founding cto tom the current cto madhive, data management company powered blockchain technology. tom regularly advises companies how bring real world mechanics into game like economy, and has with roots robotics engineering and artificial intelligence. anthony iorio ceo founder jaxx decentral founder ethereum anthony diiorio serial entrepreneur, vc, community organizer, and thought leader the field decentralized technologies. founder and ceo jaxx, multi-token blockchain wallet that enables crypto crypto buying and selling with frictionless wallet conversion. liam robertson ceo alphabits.fund liam robertson serves the ceo for alphabit, digital currency fund. has been early adopter cryptocurrency and continues help drive growth within the industry. jeff pulver father voip vonage founder ceo jeff american internet entrepreneur known for shaping the worldwide market acceptance voip. addition being voip pioneer, jeff known entrepreneur, investor, strategist, photographer, speaker, futurist, producer, and curator large scale tech conferences. brian kelly cnbc fast-money founder, brian kelly capital llc brian kelly investor, author, and financial markets commentator. expert global financial markets, macro-economics and digital currencies. cakecodes global sezc, inc. confidential patents-pending page brad mills fund strategist, alphabit.fund social game specialist brad has been mining bitcoin and started exploring other blockchain technologies. since brad has been producing facebook and iphone games with slightly social, building games with the highest arpu ever seen facebook. guy benhartzi bancor co-founder guy has held numerous leadership positions, from ceo mytopia, founder particle code and appcoin. his current role, ceo and founder bancor, has connected guy with the best and brightest individuals that comprise the blockchain industry. ivan braiker ceo transbiotech ivan experienced mobile tech exec over years, and served president and chief executive officer hipcricket, pioneer mobile engagement platforms, where was directly responsible for growing revenue and leading hipcricket major force the industry. damon danieli founder cto appuri damon currently the founder and cto appuri. prior zlive, damon was the original lead for the original xbox live, with many its marquee features like voice chat, voice commands, friends, notifications, networking, security, authentication and authorization. wang ceo kooapps (chun-kai) wang co-founder and ceo kooapps where leads mobile gaming company with employees. kooapps has released several successful games including pictoword, and has offices seattle, taiwan, and the philippines. cakecodes global sezc, inc. confidential patents-pending page would like express our gratitude the many people who supported wrote this paper. would specifically like acknowledge our key team members: simon yu, rui maximo, arry yu, calvin hsieh, sean zhong, matthew ferrante, jon nolz, sue yang, derek haroutoonian, esther song, and felipe augusto. very special thanks our advisors, including anthony iorio, tom bollich, jeff pulver, brian kelly, steven nerayoff, brad mills, liam robertson, guy benhartzi, dr. hanan gazit damon danieli, wang, and especially bill shihara for his continued support advisor and friend the company since our inception. bill was one the first people believe the company and the vision. we'd like also thank (not any particular order): michael dunsworth, kevin croy, meirav heral, michael terpin, and @actualadvicebtc. very special thanks the wachsman team, the dunamu team (korea), perkins coie, llp, deloitte tax llp, campbell's, blockchain capital korea, and the cmh team. also thanks our spouses, family members, friends, advisors, investors, team members, and seattle community for your support this entrepreneur journey. could not this without you. your support and feedback were truly important improving this document. thank you. cakecodes global sezc, inc. confidential patents-pending page