stox platform for prediction markets white paper table content table content overview introduction what are prediction markets challenges market size and projections about invest.com the stox token purpose and usage technical implementation bringing cryptocurrency the masses sustainable economy liquidity and volatility bancor token platform the stox ecosystem providers and operators stox from individuals ecosystem tools for growth the stox platform events event creation event participation event discovery syndication mechanism promotional credit mechanism collateral mechanism oracles and dispute mechanism review platform incentives for providers and operators review platform incentives for users the stox app reference implementation derived and customized versions product concept and screenshots competitive analysis augur gnosis stox roadmap milestone development the stox platform milestone development the stox app milestone launch with invest.com customer network milestone development ecosystem member sdk milestone growing the ecosystem funding breakdown token issuance sale event after the event founding team advisory board risk factors regulatory strategy technical considerations the stox protocol stox app architecture ethereum client cross platform desktop framework market makers platform limitations overview prediction markets are disruptive economic instrument that has yet penetrate mass investor audiences due excessive regulation and the fragility existing centralized implementations. the maturity blockchain technology poised change that decentralized implementations for scalable prediction markets are within reach. stox open source, ethereum based platform for prediction markets where people can trade the outcome events almost any imaginable category sports, celebrity marriages, election results and even the weather. the platform targets mainstream audiences and provides haven for investors find refuge from traditional financial instruments and participate prediction events with the purpose making profit, leveraging their knowledge almost any imaginable field. stox was designed veterans the online trading industry, using the knowledge and experience acquired invest.com. invest.com established online financial company which has been operating the investment field since invest.com's trading platforms accommodate over million registered users and facilitated more than million transactions last year alone. invest. com currently employs over employees across countries, providing the solid foundation and infrastructure the franchise bootstrap the stox network. combining expertise regulated markets together with blockchain technology creates unique solution for prediction markets that are tailored towards approaching the masses. stox creating robust business model that incentivizes other providers and industry leaders with existing customer bases, such invest.com itself, join the stox network and drive traffic the network. event syndication between providers carries this traffic beyond the confines single provider. providers are motivated cooperate part larger network. the other hand, users will enjoy well-rounded selection accommodating their diversified interests, increasing overall engagement. the power behind stox the stx digital token. all activity the network revolves around stx, from serving the primary form for fees and collaterals, serving the main currency used for predicting event outcomes. stx the driver sustainable economy where demand grows more users and providers join the ecosystem. introduction what are prediction markets prediction markets are exchange where any individual organization can tap into the "wisdom the crowd" ask any question predict the result any event. like any other exchange prediction platform, stox utilizes the relevant event the form stock where participants can trade the outcome the event. predicted events are diverse and can based any imaginable topic such election results, sports, entertainment, financial instruments and even the weather. similar the financial markets, which assign price the future estimated earnings stock, prediction markets assign traded price belief about the future. the market price can also used indicates how the crowd general sees the probability the outcome event. individuals buy and sell outcome shares based what they see the probability any given moment. long prediction active, the price continues fluctuate and indicates the probability outcome according the crowd's wisdom. let's assume that certain event given chance happening. this percentage represents the price the event, this case more people believe this event going happen, normally because they are possession information about this event but sometimes just because they are "following the crowd", more "shares" this event outcome will purchased and the price will increase. contrary, some people may predict that this event will not happen and this opinion will effectively cause the price drop. during the prediction period, the crowd analyzes the chances this event happening, creating useful tool understand the crowd mindset certain topics. because prediction markets represent diverse thoughts and opinions from different locations and personal observations, they have proven effective prognostic tool, similar economic markets. result their visionary value, prediction markets have been utilized institutions and large companies like google predict internal outcomes product development. believe that due their increasing popularity, prediction markets will become popular tool with traders, especially more platforms are introduced and decentralized technologies increase trust these systems. challenges there are various challenges implementing prediction markets that serve barriers entry this field and have prevented from reaching mass adoption thus far. definition yet unclear how this activity treated from regulatory viewpoint. the past, certain prediction markets were treated financial activities they predicted financial instruments and the regulator treated futures trading. clear that financial predictions will continue monitored financial regulators, however not certain how other predictions such political events, product releases etc will governed, especially decentralized world and whether such activity will captured online gaming regulations. stox committed following all required regulations. liquidity with any exchange may also present issue. there not enough liquidity, investors may deterred from participating. another important consequence lack liquidity that predictions might less accurate when the amount and diversity users limited. believe that the answers these challenges lie decentralized platform and blockchain technology. these innovations have the power bring prediction markets closer users and increase trust the system, its oracles and its operators. market size and projections prediction markets have immense potential. companies working this field have tens thousands active traders generating millions dollars trading volume. profits are growing exponentially. nevertheless, none these companies appear exploiting the full potential prediction markets. predictit, nz-based company specializing prediction markets, offers exchanges political and financial events. launched operations november and march had had active traders. smarkets another example, was founded and almost doubled its trading volume between increasing its pre-tax profit ,%. the vast majority companies offer prediction market services just single area and each the major areas within the prediction market arena shows growth. the global market for sports for example was almost billion dollars and keeps growing steadily least annually. financial predictions also show potential which already seen centralized online companies where daily trading volume tops billion. these numbers are expected grow significantly decentralized environment. many prediction verticals are not currently available prediction markets including weather, current events, environmental, social, entertainment, decisions and policy set governments and many more. these offer great potential and the chance for users find new ways profit from leveraging their interests and personal knowledge. about invest.com invest.com established online financial services provider. the invest.com brands are the cutting edge the fintech industry and their innovative platforms empower new and experienced investors actively manage their finances with large variety instruments such currencies, commodities, indices, cfds, shares and automated investment strategies. invest.com has been operating the online investment field since serving registered user base over million customers. the group currently employs over people five locations around the world berlin, limassol, london, sofia and tel aviv. invest.com has experience with regulated markets and operates legal division with expertise licensing and compliance multiple territories. the group licensed provide cross-border investment services the european union. the invest.com group has developed multitude innovative investment platforms. these include suite automated investment strategies which use artificial intelligence take advantage market movements. these strategies, similar quant hedge funds, are available investors through robo-adviser technology. this the first time this type investment has been made available retail investors. the group's trading platforms harness technology offer choice ways trade and are suitable for all levels traders. they includes leveraged trading, buying and selling stocks and social trading where investors can follow and automatically copy others. the group has released web-based trading app and online investment portfolio well set popular native mobile apps for ios and android. the invest.com pro platform designed for experienced traders. gives professional investors full control over their trades with the ability reverse, double positions close all trades the click button. addition, offers competitive spreads and deep liquidity expected from platforms this caliber. the invest.com simple(tm) trading platform tailored for introductory level investors and was designed with the novice mind. the platform has innovative features that help minimise risk and simplify trading. allows users practise before performing actual trades and get the real trading experience with zero risk. all practice trades are based actual real-time market movements. alone, invest.com's group achieved: more than million revenue trading volume over million trades invest.com platforms transaction volume billion these achievements are due the group's development innovative investment products which focus user-friendly experience, their top-class marketing capabilities and excellent customer support. the scale ambition developing audacious investment products and the strong track record attracting and retaining customers makes invest.com ideal partner for stox. launch partner invest.com will assume the role initial provider and operator events the stox network and will drive traffic into the network help bootstrap activity using invest.com's existing user base. since the stox platform decentralized and open for anyone, other industry leaders will follow and join providers the ecosystem matures. the stox token the stox ecosystem based open source cryptographic token named stx (the stox token). like other similar cryptocurrencies, stx fractionally divisible, transferable and fungible purpose and usage activity the stox ecosystem performed primarily using stx, making the token integral part the stox platform and the driver for its economy. this includes: users apply stx the prediction event outcomes and accordingly, profits over successful predictions are collected stx. users are required purchase stx order participate prediction markets running over the stox network. fees for participating event predictions and investing event outcomes are collected stx. these fees are the primary channel revenue for event creators and market makers. syndication fees for promoting events between apps different providers the stox ecosystem are paid between providers stx. event operators are required hold stx collateral for publishing new events for users invest in. this means that providers are required purchase stx order participate the stox network and generate revenue from it. event operators must hold reserve stx act counterparty for investments made users specific outcomes during the event. technical implementation the stox token (stx) implemented erc-compatible token over the public ethereum blockchain. ethereum the natural fit for stox quickly becoming the industry-standard for issuing custom digital assets. compatibility with the erc standard leverages the rich existing infrastructure the ethereum ecosystem such development tools, wallets and exchanges. the ability program trustless smart contracts over ethereum with turing-complete language allows for robust and secure customization the cryptocurrency the domain-specific requirements the stox network fully decentralized manner. erc the ethereum token standard. https://github.com/ethereum/eips/issues/ bringing cryptocurrency the masses one the primary goals stox the introduction decentralized prediction markets mainstream audiences. such audiences are likely have little experience with cryptocurrencies and likely have little knowledge blockchain-based technologies. stox looking expand beyond the crypto community and focus its activity broad audiences regular investors traditional financial instruments. similarly, catering this audience requires expertise part the application providers and operators: acquaintance with the industry's marketing ecosystem, regulatory framework and know-how are significant hurdle providing prediction market app, without which provider would slow grow achieve critical mass required for successful prediction market. such, acquisition and utilization stx will made straightforward for users using tokens online game. the complexities opening and maintaining cryptocurrency wallet and paying ethereum contract transaction fees ether are abstracted full the stox app. stox developed close cooperation with incumbents providers the industries stock trading, options trading and currency trading, intending operate providers the stox ecosystem. incumbents are expected the main channel for acquiring mainstream users they are expected introduce stx their existing customer base. our launch partner invest.com, with user base over million registered users. these users will have cryptocurrency wallet opened seamlessly for their benefit launch, making stx one the most popular cryptocurrencies among mainstream users. incentivizing established companies and organizations that currently focus traditional financial tools enter the field prediction markets through adoption the stox platform and technology will leverage their experience maintaining active communities investors and marketing efficiently towards these crowds. the blockchain market maturing, the time ripe for established companies benefit from decentralized systems and reap value from the rapid growth this ecosystem. sustainable economy for cryptocurrency successful over time, must become the driver for sustainable economy. stx utilized more users and adopted more providers, the network effect the stox ecosystem will grow, building the value the ecosystem for the benefit long time holders and token sale participants. successful economy requires stx have growing demand within the stox network. since participation event prediction requires users acquire stx, demand for the token will grow proportion the number active users and the number active events they invest in. demand will also grow proportion the number active providers who rely stx create events. providers are incentivized hold significant reserves stx order provide the required collaterals and market making reserves for running many events concurrently. aside from spending stx, the model also provides means earning stx reward for services given. event providers the stox ecosystem such invest.com, are compensated fees for the work they put towards operating events, acting oracles and assuming the risks functioning market makers. liquidity and volatility stx will single currency used both for the operation the stox network (transaction fees, syndicate payments, oracle payments) and the functional currency for predicting event outcomes. unlike other proposals for investment currencies, flexible exchange-rate currency, making exposed liquidity and volatility risks: liquidity: the risk investors unable acquire tokens when they want speculate the outcome event, and users unable sell tokens when they want cash out. volatility: the risk currency fluctuations between the time investor entered the action and purchased shares event outcome and the time the user wants cash out. these risks are big concern for most bootstrapping markets, when the proposed service launches together with the currency, and the subsequent period little growth the service. this typical because peer-to-peer markets tend follow exponential growth pattern, due the network externalities inherent peer-to-peer services. several techniques are being used mitigate these risks, mainly usage secondary currencies introduction pegged currency stablecoins used consumers. the case prediction markets, this comes the price separating the currency used for operational mechanisms from the investment currency. such separation has adverse effects thinning out the market for the operational currency, addition the missing out the advantages that flexible exchange rate currencies have against monetary shocks. relying bancor token platform for stx will provide unlimited liquidity pool and resolve liquidity risks. volatility risk also mitigated our data shows that stx will enjoy thick market from day one, eliminating the need for pegging stabilization mechanism. invest.com, committed the first provider the stox network, enjoys more than million trades annually. such activity volume ensures the required liquidity and achieving critical mass end users needed create efficient trade. bancor token platform aim implement the stx token smart token which uses the bancor protocol maintain liquidity. bancor erc-compatible token template, which offers continuous liquidity via on-chain market maker. the bancor smart contract holds reserve another currency (bnt) amounting the stx market cap, and determines appropriate exchange rate between bnt and stx such way that assures the bnt reserve remains individuals wishing buy sell stx buy from, sell the market maker the current price. the market maker can always act the counterparty such trade, holds bnt reserve with which can buy stx, and has the sole permission create stx which can sell. among the special properties such token: anyone can buy sell stx any time, without risk not having counterparty, and predetermined cost (even "slippage" exchange rate changes during the trade can calculated advance). the total amount stx circulation can vary dynamically, the market maker creates removes stx. the core value stx unit backed its bnt reserve, assuring holders that the token has intrinsic value. bnt itself smart token backed eth, making conversion and from eth simple twostep function. more information about bancor can found bancor website and the bancor white paper. our data shows that stx will enjoy sufficient liquidity and volatility from day one, eliminating the need for pegging stabilization mechanism. invest.com, committed the first provider the stox network, enjoys more than million trades annually. such activity volume ensures the required liquidity and achieving critical mass end users needed create efficient trade. https://www.bancor.network/static/bancor_protocol_whitepaper_en.pdf the stox ecosystem the stox ecosystem will seek establish global decentralized network centered around prediction markets where users are able discover and participate events created providers and operators. the ecosystem builds long term cooperative operating model where providers enjoy the opportunity innovate and compete for compensation, and users enjoy the diversity experiences and the ability profit from participating wide variety prediction events. providers and operators providers develop the prediction market client apps, based the open source implementation provided stox (the reference implementation). providers may customize the app, create user experience according their best practice. the roles provider include: provide users with access the network through the original stox app release branded version the app according the reference implementation provided stox bring traffic into the stox network promoting the app its customers operators create events and upon time resolve their real-world outcome. upon creating event, the operator determines the participation fee that event, out which the syndication fee will paid the provider. any entity, individual organization can become operator the stox network. the roles operator include: create prediction events that users will interested act centralized reputable oracle for these events provide the necessary collaterals and market maker reserves required for running these events possible for single entity act both provider and operator; similarly, provider may integrate prediction markets from different operators their app. the model incentivizes existing companies such invest.com join the stox network providers and operators. hubs similar financial instruments such investment platforms, short term trading platforms, binary options, forex can capitalize their existing customer base introducing them prediction markets through stox. even companies such william hill that focus online betting are incentivized adopt stx and bring their customers into prediction markets stox. invest.com will one the launch partners for the stox network and serve among the first providers and operators. this will bootstrap activity stox from day one. stox the official entity that creates the stox token (stx), model and technology. stox focused releasing open source cryptographic technologies that enable the decentralized operation the stox network. the roles stox include: create the stox token (stx) and execute its token event fund development and operation the network define the model for executing prediction markets over the stox network secure, fair and decentralized manner create incentives for providers join the stox network, adopt stx and introduce their customer base prediction markets stox develop the technology required for running the network such ethereum smart contracts that run prediction events release the stox app open source reference implementation for allowing users participate the stox network promote the stox network forming partnerships and marketing bootstrap activity dealing with regulatory aspects the ecosystem stox ltd. incorporated for-profit company gibraltar. the revenues stox ltd. will come from consulting services companies that are using the stx platform and from its assets. stox ltd. does not operate events but may curate them the apps distributes. from individuals ecosystem the power the stox network comes from creating whole that larger than the sum its parts. basing operation common currency, stx, will generate trust for users and mainstream audiences well provide liquidity pool required for frictionless operation. basing execution events common technology will ensure interoperability between providers and standard level security and fairness throughout the network. decentralized ecosystem provides robust model operation. while specific nodes can always shut down, without centralized point failure, new ones will emerge the ecosystem keeps growing. the infrastructure separate from the entities that act providers and operators, minimizing the exposure regulatory scrutiny and related costs. tools for growth providers are incentivized bring traffic into the network and share their customers with other operators for fair compensation. provider's app may display events operated the same provider; providers may choose display events they operate alongside other operators' events, order provide broader selection events; some providers may whitelabel curators bringing valuable events operated parties their users. the syndication fee mechanism assures that such models are beneficial both the provider and operator, since cross promotion events not hard requirement the network. the diversity across broad range categories will guarantee users enjoy larger variety events their app and find engaging matches for their personal interests and passions. the stox platform events events prediction markets constitute the basic activity that prediction actions revolves around. event has the format speculative question about the future. for example: "who will win the upcoming soccer match between barcelona and real madrid?" "what will the opening weekend box office revenue for the upcoming star wars movie be?" for simplicity and practical reasons, events the stox platform are required have discrete and well-defined number potential outcomes. for example the soccer match mentioned above has three possible outcomes for winner, either "fc barcelona", "real madrid" "no winner" (in case tie, game cancellation etc). events with continuous outcomes, such the opening weekend revenue for star wars above, can normalized into discrete ranges the event creator. every event has well defined and agreed upon resolution point. this the point time where the speculative question about the future given definite answer. for example, the soccer match above, this the point where the match ends and victor declared. the multiple potential outcomes the event resolve into single outcome that deemed winner and all other outcomes are deemed losers. event creation the stox platform decentralized system which allows events created anyone, including users. practice, expect the vast majority events created providers. creating events quality laborious process that takes expertise. consider events related sports this would includes following the various leagues, processing realtime feed for every match the list available sports and formalizing event for each one detailing the potential outcomes. expect different providers focus different niches events. one provider might focus sports events certain leagues, while another might focus politics certain country and third might focus movies and entertainment news. users are expected participate prediction events they feel strong affinity towards. identifying these tastes and crafting events that will spark passionate debate the art practiced seasoned event operators. new event created publishing smart contract the blockchain. create the smart contract, the operator determines the following parameters: formal description; the formal phrasing the speculative question the event attempting predict. for example "who will win the soccer match date between barcelona and real madrid?" list potential outcomes; discrete list all potential outcomes for the event. when the event resolved, single element this list will deemed winner. oracle; identity and characterization the entity process that will declare the official outcome the event the point resolution. participation fee; the event creator defines the fee charged from users for participating investing specific event outcomes. the fee defined percentage from the investment made user. the event creator free make the fee high low they want fees are ultimately paid them. part the fee can reserved for event syndication other providers bringing traffic this event. the size this part also defined the game creator. for example, the total fee for the game out which given the provider who brought the user who made the investment. collateral; protect users from fraud and make sure deliberate false reporting oracle cannot profitable, operators need provide collateral securing the event. collateral can put per-event, collateral stx which locked smart contract for hours past event resolution the oracle, linking the event the operator's collateral. depending the collateral type, its amount must surpass defined proportion the total amount active investments all outcomes. user disputes the oracle's report the event and wins this dispute, part the collateral will lost. the exact amount lost proportional the total investment amount losing outcomes and divided between all users that have suffered loss. however, all disputes are made publicly and expect operators strive eliminate false reporting both small and big events for risk affecting their reputation. market maker reserve; the event creator acts market maker for the event providing reserve stx towards bootstrapping prediction the counterparty for the first investments. the reserve size affects the rate which the lmsr market maker adjusts the prediction ratios the different outcomes. this reserve expected return the operator, although may diminish grow result the actual distribution user speculations. event participation all investments prediction event outcomes are made with stx. user can invest certain outcome with this workflow: the user performs call the smart contract's "buyoption" method with the following parameters: amount stx spend shares the outcome the potential outcome invest provider address (for transferring syndication fees) optionally, maximum price for outcome options the "buyoption" method executed the blockchain, allocating the caller with outcome shares according the current market price. the amount invested stx locked the contract until the event resolves, and the user allocated outcome shares the blockchain. participation fees are deducted from the bet amounts according the percentages defined event creation. syndication fees are deducted from the participation fees. each fee sent its addressee. the user may liquidate part all her outcome shares calling the "selloption" method the smart contract. the user didn't sell all her outcome shares, she waits until the event resolved and the oracle reports the outcome the event the user has shares the correct outcome, she calls the "collect" method the smart contract. the method will send its caller with the gained amounts according the the amount outcome shares the caller has. the next hours, any user can choose dispute the oracle's report sending stx the dispute smart contract. this will trigger dispute process that outlined below. any given point time, users can see the current prediction the market event outcome. the prediction ratios are calculated according the total amount stx placed each the event outcomes. when user participates placing stx event outcome, they are effectively buying shares the outcome payout. the event resolves different outcome, shares the losing outcomes are worth zero and stx placed the outcome lost. the event resolves the predicted outcome, the user may collect her share the payout according the amount outcome shares they have. the price outcome shares fluctuates the event progresses and more investments are made. the price derived from variant lmsr market maker algorithm, coded into the event participation smart contract, which takes into account the total amount stx placed far each the potential outcomes. more details market makers and lmsr are provided the technical considerations section below. the steps outlined above are performed users using the official stox app derivation this reference implementation app released specific provider. the purpose the apps among others abstract the technicalities the process and provide easy use product with minimal friction and great user experience. event discovery provides act curators events, maintaining up-to-date databases categorized events, and distributing these databases client apps using decentralized file storage network (see "stox protocol" the technical considerations section below). the reference implementation the app sorts events default and display active events first (events with least one investment made one its outcomes). providers may distribute proprietary apps derived from the reference implementation, which they can choose other sorting methods and filters use displayed events. syndication mechanism events have part their participation fee designated for syndication providers who bring traffic the event. when outcome investment placed user via the event smart contract, and this activity was facilitated the syndication mechanism another provider, this provider address must included the transaction. there syndication involved, the operator's address should used. syndication fees are paid directly this address. using this mechanism, providers are incentivized share their own traffic with events from other providers and help their own customers discover events created others. this mechanism enables providers engage their users other operators' events, when the provider's collection self-operated events does not suffice. the provider paid for his part bringing the user the event, compensating for the sales and marketing costs such. the mechanism assures the user remains the provider's app, helping the provider retain his customers rather than risk losing them. unrelated the syndication mechanism, providers may have their own traditional affiliate programs incentivize traditional affiliates (who deal with traffic) promote their apps. this case, any user the affiliates bring the provider and staying the provider's app for long time period, expected yield larger reward. these programs may form separately and the stox platform not directly involved them. promotional credit mechanism providers can provide users with promotional credit order reduce barriers for first play. similar mechanisms have been used successfully related industries and have shown increase user engagement with the platform significant manner. this mechanism has been adapted the decentralized nature stox. using promotional credit, users can start playing and place stx outcomes before going through the friction buying stx. promotional credit given stx. the provider can set expiry time for this credit. set, the stx credit will return the provider address unless used event before the expiry time. promotional credit mechanisms are subject sybil attacks. it's under the provider's responsibility mitigate this risk and make sure that users that are about receive credit are not fake ones. the provider can use any validation method for this purpose, for example verify the user's phone number. the promotional credit mechanism implemented part the stox token smart contract. when promotional credit given, new ethereum wallet created for the user. this wallet marked the on-chain ledger promotional one with the required expiry time. tokens from this wallet can only used participate event prediction. this enforced allowing tokens from this wallet only sent specific event smart contracts (as investment outcome shares). promotional credit can locked events created the issuing provider only, and will return unspent credit back the provider the expiry time has passed. collateral mechanism event operators are required provide collateral stx which locked smart contract for hours past event resolution. the collateral amount should proportional the amount stx placed all outcomes. one the purposes the collateral incentivizing event operators choose trustworthy oracles and report event outcomes accurately. there was successful dispute this event, the losing parties which invested losing outcomes would receive part the collateral proportion their total losses. should the collateral made required optional? the collateral required, the barrier for creating events increased and regular users will create significantly less events themselves. this probably not problem since expect most quality events created providers. the collateral optional, are trusting users prefer events with high collateral. our current recommendation making the collateral required. how high should the collateral amount be? general guideline that the collateral should high enough compensate losing parties case dispute. can allow event operators put more tokens than needed into the collateral generate more trust with users. mechanism that reverses all event payouts successful dispute implemented, this will also guard against investor loss due incorrect reports and can make the required collaterals smaller. the drawback this approach reducing market activity due freezing event profits for hours average past event end. the two different approaches can experimented with during the development process measure their effect practice. oracles and dispute mechanism one the challenges implementing trustless decentralized system for prediction markets event resolution. decentralized implementations traditionally rely trustless smart contracts that are executed on-chain. smart contracts are limited their ability read data outside the chain because there way guarantee different nodes will receive the same results that the results will not manipulated. since the majority events are tied actual events taking place the real world, the source truth for their outcome naturally external the chain. the common solution this problem relying oracle report event outcome from the real world onto the chain. once the oracle has reflected external outcome on-chain, this data available for consumption the various smart contracts implementing the system. one the design principles behind the stox platform compromise practicality actual use. the purpose the stox network become the leading enabler for high scale prediction markets and encourage mass participation mainstream users prediction events. such, mechanisms like decentralized oracles with slow convergence and resolution times are impractical and provide subpar user experience. instead, propose mechanism fast resolving centralized oracles protected decentralized dispute mechanism. when creating event, its operator required specify the address the oracle associated with the event. the platform agnostic oracle type, decentralized oracles can used well, but practice expect most event operators specify their own address oracles, that the operator's private key required sign the oracle report. this means many oracles the system will inherently centralized. the system transforms every centralized oracle into effectively decentralized one providing decentralized dispute mechanism for users who disagree with oracle's report. various approaches for resolving disputes decentralized manner are considered. the default method resolve disputes using consensus from other members the stox network. the mechanism follows the frontrunner method: the disputing party must place tokens the line against the oracle report. anyone the network can agree disagree and put tokens the line well. the frontrunner the side (agree/disagree) that has the most tokens the line far. the frontrunner doesn't change period hours, have victory and the dispute resolved. the victorious side shares all the tokens from the losing side, which penalized losing all tokens put the line. this dispute mechanism can implemented trustless and decentralized way using dedicated smart contract. alternative model for dispute resolution relies polling random users the ecosystem the true event outcome. ideally, only users who aren't involved the disputed event will picked. addition, chances being picked should depend amount stx held deter sybil attacks. users will incentivized respond the poll using funds from the collateral (if the dispute wins) the disputing party (if the dispute loses). expect the majority events the stox ecosystem created established providers. since providers are compensated proportion the volume stx placed outcomes their events, successful providers will grow increasing their customer base and attracting more traffic. creating loyal customer base goes hand hand with maintaining trustworthy brand. this gives strong incentivization for providers act truthful oracles and avoid public disputes its reporting, rendering the dispute mechanism unnecessary practice the vast majority cases. review platform incentives for providers and operators the stox platform model provides the following incentives for providers and event operators: operators are incentivized create popular events because they profit directly from investment fees charged for participating these events. syndication fees incentivize providers advertise customers and promote stox order get traffic for their events. providers are incentivized serve truthful oracles and report event results accurately. provider fails so, stands lose its collateral under dispute process. addition, jeopardizes the reputation has won with its customers. providers are incentivized share their own traffic with syndicated events and help their own customers discover events other providers. user did not find suitable game the provider's portfolio self-operated events, makes sense for the provider promote events from other providers, earning syndication fee and keeping the user engaged. providers are incentivized participate the token sale and hold significant amounts stx. since collateral and reserve are required for creating large number concurrent events, provider will need hold stx grow and create more events. special discount offered for sale tokens intended for operator use. providers are incentivized customize the reference implementation the stox app and release with their own branding. once users choose this app, there's better chance for retention and repeat use. providers make smart use syndicated events, users are unlikely use multiple stox-ecosystem apps, since they're likely contain the same events. review platform incentives for users the stox platform model provides the following incentives for users: users have single significant incentive under the model play prediction market with chance win more money than you put in. this financial instrument not available most users due excessive regulation, decentralized approach that prevents external regulation lowers the barrier participation for everyone. new users can incentivized start playing receiving promotional credit from provider. users are incentivized open dispute against oracle report only this report isn't truthful. jeopardizing more tokens for dispute, users are deterred from abusing the dispute process. the stox app stox will develop and publish client for the stox platform the form fully functional prediction market app. the app will open source and implement the user side the model including on-chain access over ethereum stox smart contracts and access content, listings and event metadata from decentralized cloud storage. the app aimed run the following platforms: native application for windows native application for mac native application for linux native application for android besides source code, stox will place pre-built version the app binary for download multiple public locations the web. these public locations may include decentralized networks like bittorrent (via easy use web-based client interfaces like instant.io) guarantee they are resilient and always available. pgp signature the binary will placed the official website and will allow users verify that the binary has not been tampered with. once user downloads the app binary successfully, they will able run locally their computer. the app will provide fully functional prediction market client. anyone will able use the app place actual stx event outcome and use the product real life. since the app designed completely peer peer, does not rely any centralized points failure. future versions the app will include mobile version that will run natively ios and android devices and web-based versions that will run inside web browser without the requirement local installation. reference implementation the official stox app will published open source software github and serve the formal reference implementation for fully compliant client the stox network. maintain compatibility with the stox network, the following aspects the app must maintained: reliance stx the token choice for all network activity usage the official ethereum smart contracts the stox platform compliance with the stox protocol for peer-to-peer event discovery derived and customized versions any entity, individual organization encouraged alter the official reference implementation and release their own branded and customized client the stox network. this true for providers particular they are encouraged perform this process order provide their customers with their branded experience. specifying their own provider address syndication address when calling event methods, providers will enjoy the syndication fee paid third party operators for investments made users their app. stox will publish open source customization sdk with tutorials and documentation make the customization process easy possible. this crucial for encouraging providers such invest. com adopt stox while retaining their own brand identity. the following aspects customization will officially supported and documented: changing the ui, graphics, colors and branding the app setting the provider address for syndication fee settlements modifying the for participating event order provide innovative industry-specific event experiences customization the event discovery process changing the filters and sort order displayed events from across the network important emphasize that derived and customized app implementations are not forks the stox platform and are not forks the stox token stx. derived implementations are simply different client for the same network providing different user experience while maintaining the core characteristics the network such reliance stx for event participation. product concept and screenshots illustration exploration and event discovery multiple categories illustration detailed listings active prediction events ready for participation illustration event filtering category illustration account overview and stx balance illustration details about specific event with ratio history illustration managing active prediction real time event progresses illustration platform history and closed predictions illustration mobile app platform competitive analysis prediction market platforms are among the more successful projects utilizing blockchain technology and applying real world use case. the market has reached certain maturity and several excellent implementations are already available. this section aims discuss the differentiators stox compared competing implementations. traditional option markets and betting exchanges have provided centralized platform for predicting discrete events outcomes. these platforms have always attracted users, proving beyond doubt the appeal prediction markets the masses. these centralized platforms are plagued over-regulation and are limited their capacity serve broad audiences. since they are not competing directly with stox due the decentralized nature the stox platform, they are beyond the scope this discussion. stox introduced market already offering two prominent decentralized implementations augur and gnosis. both carried out successful icos and paved the way for blockchain-based solutions this field. the estimated target market for these solutions goes well beyond the crypto community and large enough host multiple projects focusing different aspects the problem. moreover, expect that because the different solutions can each have advantages their area focus, there could opportunities for arbitrage between events the different networks. augur augur hub for market making activity, giving ample focus generating data and testing prediction market theory applied setting but with declaratively purist approach. for example, augur's oracle system completely decentralized which fully aligned with the ideals truly trustless and fair system. the trade-off this approach that events are slow weeks) resolve and the feedback cycle for event participants becomes impractical for most mainstream audiences looking for viable investment channel. gnosis gnosis, the other hand, positions itself platform for building decentralized prediction market applications with focus the production actionable information. the project looks far beyond the trade engine and the economy prediction markets business, and declares mission transforming the large set prediction market data points into meaningful information that can utilized human and decision-making agents. the end goal revolves around knowledge making simpler and easier for users gain insights into complex topics and make more well-informed decisions. this focus opens diverse world indirect applications for prediction markets such insurance and asset hedging. stox stox designed, first and foremost, practical framework for mainstream investments prediction markets. several key factors its structure were put place accommodate proven business practices distribution and operation prediction markets, for example: smart contracts that process syndication fees, enabling incumbent marketing channels and cross promotion events between different providers; smart contract support for promotional credit, enabling marketers lock tokens for use with specific provider and limiting their lifetime; capital requirements operators are aligned with common regulator requirements for msbs and betting licenses; quick event resolution, separate from dispute processing; liquidity-sensitive market maker, curbing the operator's need predict amount activity event for determining the optimal market-maker deposit the focus stox create sustainable economy revolving around functioning prediction market where investors can find refuge from traditional financial instruments and participate prediction events with the purpose making profit. stox views prediction markets business, where those who possess information greater quality and are able make better informed decisions can leverage this knowledge for personal material gain investing stx event outcomes. for stox carry out its mission, the trade engine must practical and able operate velocity that satisfies its users. this, for example, lead design the oracle mechanism with the assumption that would usually use centralized oracle, which contrary the decentralization ideal mainstream users not normally consider disadvantage. the main utilization the stox token serves the same goal driving the economy. stx integral part the prediction and investment process. serves more than sideline mechanism for oracle reports, and goes beyond being alternate currency for fees. all activity the stox network revolves around stx. addition serving the primary form for fees and collaterals, also the main currency participants use for investing event outcomes. the fact that stx specialpurpose currency enables providers offer their customers with exchange services from fiat, without needing become general-use exchanges. stox was designed veterans the online trading industry, using the knowledge and experience acquired invest.com, established online financial company which has been operating the investment field since invest.com's trading platforms accommodate over million registered users and facilitated more than million transactions last year alone. invest.com currently employs over employees across countries, providing the solid foundation and infrastructure the franchise bootstrap the stox network. combining expertise regulated markets together with blockchain technology creates unique solution for prediction markets that are tailored towards approaching the masses. stox creating robust business model that incentivizes other providers and industry leaders with existing customer bases, such invest.com itself, join the stox network and drive traffic the network. event syndication between providers carries this traffic beyond the confines single provider. providers are motivated cooperate part larger network. the other hand, users will enjoy well-rounded selection accommodating their diversified interests, increasing overall engagement. the following table summarizes the key differentiators between the three platforms: feature stox gnosis augur support for decentralized oracles all funds held contract quick market resolution scalable platform diverse applications such insurance focus single token economy past experience regulated markets business model for growth via providers critical mass users launch unlimited liquidity using bancor protocol roadmap the end goal for stox create the leading decentralized prediction market used mainstream audiences maintaining thriving ecosystem users looking invest event outcomes and providers looking create events and compensated for operating them. the main role stox develop the open source technology required for running the decentralized stox platform and network and create successful model incentivizing both users and providers join the network. the stox platform built with the solid foundation invest.com's infrastructure, resources and franchise. invest.com's main product date investment and trade platform with multiple apps used production investors traditional markets over large variety financial instruments such currencies, commodities, indices, shares and cfds. apps include both web-based trade platform and online portfolio management and set native mobile apps for ios and android. invest.com's products cater both professional investors and hobbyists first-time traders. invest pro platform optimized for professionals while the invest simple(tm) platform optimized for user-friendly experience with intuitive controls abstracting most the complexity behind online trading. the experience gained catering both types audiences key designing easily accessible platform for prediction markets that will successfully engage mainstream audiences. invest.com's experience with regulation and ability bootstrap the network with its existing customer base will drive traffic the stox network from the first days after launch. invest.com will also leverage its ties the trade field bring additional established partners event providers the stox network. milestone development the stox platform the first milestone after raising funds through the token sale implementation the decentralized stox platform according the guidelines outlined this white paper. are seeking feedback from the community regarding the specifics the model and plan iteratively improve the model order reach platform that both secure and fair. some the model parameters, like collateral amount requirements, will tweaked over time discretionary manner and according feedback experimenting over actual events analyze actual impact operation the network. the main part the decentralized platform will implemented set ethereum smart contracts carrying out the behaviors described the stox platform section this document. the official smart contracts will published open source software github. the contracts include implementation for: erc-compatible implementation the stx token itself including basic functionality like trading tokens between addresses creation prediction event, specifying the formal description, discrete list potential outcomes, identity the oracle, participation fee particulars and syndication fee particulars per-event collateral system locking stx amount from event creation until hours after game resolution provider collateral system locking stx amount for long periods, which can used alternative the per-event collateral system market maker implementations, with both standard lmsr and liquidity-sensitive automated market maker variant, controlling the current price outcome shares based total stx placed the various event outcomes ability for event investors buy and sell event outcome shares according the lmsr market makers during active event that has not been resolved verification event details, reading its various parameters, current totals stx placed the various outcomes and the current prediction ratios oracle report mechanism for game resolution dispute mechanism for users object oracle report jeopardizing the event creator collateral promotional credit mechanism locked for participation events specific providers for limited amount time until refund milestone development the stox app while the first milestone concentrates backend the system, the second milestone concentrates frontend and end user experience. stox will release reference implementation the stox app according the guidelines specified the relevant section this document. the app will released open source software github. conceptual screenshots the app can seen well the relevant section. the app planned developed using cross-platform web technologies using the electron framework. the app will include thin ethereum client based standard open source implementation that will allow the app communicate with the various smart contracts that make the stox platform. initial versions the app will published various online locations allow users download and operate the app without building themselves from source code. planned functionality the app the reference implementation includes: ability create stx wallet, see current balance and perform basic transactions ability buy and sell stx using various fiat currencies using dedicated specialized third party providers which will provide streamlined process ability consume promotional credit security and protection the local wallet operated the app event discovery using event categories published various providers and sorted list events under each one search and filter events during the event discovery process event details screen explaining the formal question, event details, various outcomes and current investment ratios for every outcome calculator event participation showing the potential profit and loss per investment amount specific outcome ability participate event and invest stx specific outcome list active predictions and the current profit/loss ratio for each one with the ability cash out instead seeing the event through milestone launch with invest.com customer network development the platform and app moves forward parallel, the first execution milestone the model using customer infrastructure provided invest.com. leveraging invest.com's ability market the app its existing active user base, mainstream traffic will directed towards the stox network and real users will introduced operable prediction market. order test and tweak the platform and app implementations early possible, this process will not wait until development finalized. plan launch experimental beta versions both soon minimum viable product available. user participation the network may limited during initial testing periods. important emphasize that invest.com will only the first provider, bootstrapping network activity. additional established providers interested experimenting with the network its earliest beta stages are welcome join; the platform fully decentralized and does not favor one provider over another. they can choose provide and distribute their own stox-based app (becoming "providers"), create events, provide the oracles resolve them and act market makers during user participation investing event outcomes ("operators"). one the goals the initial launch experiment with various model parameters and analyze their effect over network behavior with actual users. believe that without practical measurements and analytics, will not reach optimum incentives for both users and providers. milestone development ecosystem member sdk while bootstrap the stox network expected take place with initial launch partners such invest.com, the network will not thrive until more providers join in. the model incentivizes providers compete for compensation creating events the network. providers are also expected drive traffic into the network marketing app their existing customers. expected that not all providers will choose market the official stox app and prefer branded version the app that will prioritize their own events over third party events the network and maintain the relationship with their own customers under their own brand and their own control. the purpose the ecosystem member sdk make rebranding the reference implementation easy possible. the sdk will give providers immediate access all required technology release their own derivative the stox app and create fully functional prediction market app under their own name minutes. the stox platform incentivizes providers promote syndicated events. the reference implementation will always prioritize the provider's own events for users their own app. users that are not satisfied with these events, for example those seeking events other categories that the provider does not specialize in, will given access events other providers sorted syndication fee. this enables the provider profit from users which would otherwise not participate event. the ecosystem member sdk will set the correct wallet address the provider for syndication compensation purposes. the various customization supported the sdk are described detail under "derived and customized versions" the stox app section this document, and include: rebranding the reference implementation with their own logo, name and colors setting the provider address for syndication fee settlements modifying the for participating event order provide innovative industry-specific event experiences customization the event discovery process milestone growing the ecosystem with the majority required technology for operating the stox network scale available (the platform, the reference implementation app and customization sdk), the main focus the stox team will shift from development growth. investment network growth will not wait until all development finalized and will take place parallel soon viable versions these products are available for preliminary release. growth the network two sided. the first side focuses providers. the stox network will benefit from many providers possible joining the ecosystem. providers are the main creators events the network and serve engines for driving traffic the network. providers consume stx for collateral and market making they are depended stx operate. channels for attracting providers include forming partnerships with established companies adjacent fields, promoting the stox model among individuals and organizations with access relevant customer bases and providing guidance and support new providers interested joining the network order make the process friction free possible. more aggressive approach bring providers into the network includes pre-creation branded app for relevant entities that can profit from acting providers and approaching these entities with ready-made solution that only requires advertizing order turn profit. since advertizing existing customer base does not require significant investment, potential providers will position generate additional revenue stream with very little effort. the second side network growth focuses end users. the more active users the network, the more participation events and the greater the profits for providers. greater participation will increase the demand for stx and increase the network value. channels for increasing the stox user base include marketing and promotion the stox app relevant audiences, marketing and promotion specific events that are likely have strong user engagement and promotion education about prediction markets general. attracting more users not the only avenue growth improving engagement existing users equally important. user retention the network can increased ongoing improvement the core product. such improvements will published updates the reference implementation and encouraged adopted derived apps well. the standard practice ongoing improvement includes monitoring app usage, analyzing user behavior and introducing iterative product changes while measuring their impact key performance metrics. funding breakdown figure summarizes stox project expected use proceeds, assuming raise usd denominated eth our token sale. figure stox project expected use proceeds employees; developing the stox platform involves substantial r&d expenditures. described the milestone section above this includes all components the stox platform well the open source app. marketing; our marketing efforts include enhancing cooperation with potential providers and operators order allow many them join the platform. addition, plan focus efforts marketing the platform the broad audiences, acquainted traditional centralized prediction markets. legal; legal efforts include among others incorporation, regulation, compliance and ongoing operation. the expected breakdown may altered the project progresses. token issuance order finance stox's road map, stox will conduct token sale initial supply stx tokens. stx will sold constant price (in eth) and the initial supply will depend amount stx sold. the conclusion the sale, the distributed stx will constitute the entirety the available liquid supply. portion the supply would preallocated invest.com the founding member the ecosystem, long term vesting schedule. major portion the allocation stox ltd. will used for bringing further strategic partners the stox platform. the stx distribution summarized the table below: total supply beneficiary special terms token sale participants coins cannot transferred until end token sale period invest.com ltd. uniform -month vesting schedule stox team uniform -month vesting schedule stox ltd. will used bring strategic partners the stox ecosystem, and operational reserve. sale event the sale event will start the following weeks and continue for days, until the sale cap eth reached. participation instructions will published the stox.com website. stx price will fixed (in eth) throughout the sale. the stx price will published the stox.com website before the sale starts. after the event after the end the sale period, stox will deposit the stx market cap bnt the currency reserve stx, thereby activating its bancor smart token features. from this point forward, the smart token's market maker will enable anyone wishing buy sell stx determined market price. the moment activation this price equal the token sale price, and later may fluctuate according market supply and demand. further details about stx bancor smart tokens can found under bancor token platform above, and bancor's documentation. founding team ophir gertner founder, chief strategist entrepreneur heart, ophir has strong track record developing market-leading products and services, including technology start-ups and real estate development. has wealth international experience, including leadership roles several companies and over years' experience financial markets. founded invest.com, the fulfillment aspiration harness technology and financial expertise provide genuine investment alternative enhance the lives retail investors. yossi peretz chief operations and technology skilled coo and business development professional with proven track record the financial services industry. skilled leading global business activities, operations management, technical support, service management, security strategy and finding solutions for insurmountable challenges. marek lorinc executive director has over years' experience investing, finance and banking well international project management. received his mba from concordia university, montreal. leonid beder (cointree) blockchain security architect seasoned professional system security, cryptocurrency systems and various blockchain protocols, architecture, and implementations. all-around player and technology geek with proven experience management and hands-on development. oded noam (cointree) blockchain architect founder vidwatch and phrasetech technology startups. senior engineering and management positions mobixell networks, adamind, schema and gate. holds bsc (cum laude) mathematics, economy and psychology. assaf moalem financial controller expert all things finance. years' experience online trading markets cfo head finance controller. mba finance and financial management services from the recanati business school, certified public accountant (israel). jose danon saltiel online marketing wizard experienced online marketer with over years' experience many industries including gaming, gambling, fintech and more. has deep understanding the industry, particularly channels affiliation, media buying, social and rtb self-driven, responsible and with vast experience english, spanish, german, dutch and french markets. oren de-lange community manager active crypto enthusiast since holds llb law and b.a business administration, both cum laude, from idc herzliya. shay cohen master design passionate versatile ux/ui designer driven curiosity user experience. believes the appeal visual language and pixel- perfect design. creates ios, android and web interfaces and crafted the stox platform visuals. ilya kolesnikov core developer highly effective software engineer with over decade's experience mainly ecommerce and fintech. has managed international teams developers. strongly believes the brilliant future blockchain technologies. varda bachrach content specialist finds the right words the right time. has over years' experience communicating difficult subjects different audiences including finance, economics, pediatric heart disease, regenerative medicine, sport and the arts. liron golan manager over six years experience hr, including years online companies. has first and masters degree human resources. passionately believes that the workplace should pleasant environment for all employees. eran klein head product and with almost years' experience high tech companies, eran expert product and quality assurance. specializes online product and expert both mobile and web applications. nissim ben alus support team leader responsible for customers success, always challenges the status quo and seeks holistic solutions and approaches customer service. focuses added value, exceeding customer expectations and building loyalty. yevgeny michlin support engineer with over years' experience technical support, yevgeny utilizes his passion for networking and solving complex technical issues into practice daily basis, creating real value for both customers and colleagues. konstantin rezhets mobile developer with over years' experience startups, specializes building lean, optimized and secure applications from scratch. keeps apps the cutting edge. israel shenkar system administrator experienced specialist with over years' experience. always seeking improvements and the latest technology. self-learner with passion for new technologies and ensuring that all office functions run smoothly days year leap years!). rutty yeziorsky office manager ceo expert creating and maintaining happy and efficient working environment. takes care all office administration from the mundane fun activities. eyal perera analyst experienced stockbroker and investment portfolio manager with over years' experience the financial markets. holds mba and degree economics and business management. advisory board eyal hertzog foundation council bancor venture-backed technology entrepreneur for over years. founder metacafe, israel's fastest growing video sharing site reaching over uniques its peak. previously, eyal founded contact networks, one the first social networks uriel peled ceo cointree uriel peled head operations cointree, blockchain advisory firm based tel aviv, israel. prior cointree, uriel was co-founder and cpo visualead, israeli and iot startup with investors such alibaba. uriel holds bsc summa cum laude electrical engineering from the technion university. joe chen founder, chairman ceo renren joseph chen pioneer china's internet industry. chen holds master's degree engineering from the mit, and mba degree from stanford. board member invest.com moshe hogeg founder chairman the singulariteam group. serial entrepreneur and board member invest.com. itai avneri ceo invest.com entrepreneur and experienced executive, expert online marketing with expertise players traders life cycle (acquisition, conversion, retention) for the gaming and finance industries. has vast experience business leadership including marketing, operations, and technology. held several leadership roles global online companies including ceo playtech marketing. eduardo schilman, ph.d. behavioral psychologist playtika (sold for $.b). earned post-doctorate from the weizmann institute science. risk factors the following are the risk factors relation stox business general and the token sale event particular. stox may not reach the target sale amount and may not have the sufficient funds execute its business plan the stx token may significantly influenced digital currency market trends and stx value may severely depreciated due non-stx related events the digital currency markets. prediction market may coming under global local regulation that may limit the use tokens for predictions trade stox relying the infrastructure and talent invest.com hence any detriment scenario that may occur invest.com likely impact significantly stox stox complex software platform and its launch may significantly delayed due unforeseen development barriers competition may introduce same better prediction market solutions and cause stox lose market share and eventually fail deliver its business goals digital currencies are extremely volatile and stx token may suffer from said volatility international laws and regulations may render the stx trade impossible the use stx tokens may come under the scrutiny governmental institutions the ownership stx tokens may fall under new and unpredicted taxation laws that will erode stx benefits stox may not succeed creating the necessary momentum and acceptance for the stx token which may result low liquidity and depletion trades the positions and plans outlined this white paper may altered the project progresses. regulatory strategy prediction markets utilize large set activities that may subject regulatory scrutiny various territories. this large and varied set may need comply with regulation securities trading, financial institutions and money services businesses, gaming and gambling. complying with each these regulations, and sometimes each jurisdiction, requires experience and comes great cost. decentralized applications, single entity has control over the infrastructure required for its operation. this allows separating the infrastructure from the app content, our case the prediction markets. the resulting structure has the advantage modular isolation: separate functions the system can operate isolation from one another, and possibly provided different vendors. modular isolation brings advantage companies and individuals when comes regulatory compliance: each only needs comply with regulation limited field, lowering the cost creating the required expertise and making easier for new businesses start up. technical considerations the stox protocol the stox app aims provide complete functionality prediction market app without requiring central server for any it. prediction markets require functionalities such curation events, market making, providing players with information and analytics, reporting event outcomes, and course collection and payments. each these services requires some expertise, and may subject different set rules conduct and regulatory restrictions. centralized applications need gain all expertise and comply with all regulations under one roof, creating incentive for consolidation and centralization resulting higher fees for the consumer. the decentralized architecture simplifies the collaborative offering these services: each operates separately from the others, focusing their area expertise and able provide better services lower costs. stox uses existing distributed protocols the building blocks for the stox protocol for prediction markets apps: smart contracts for managing events and market making. ipfs for content discovery. the stox app runs clients and does not require central backend. enable clients discover all active markets with their taxonomy and metadata, each provider maintains hierarchical structure active markets descriptors, json files stored ipfs. this content includes each category and each event's metadata (name, description, images etc). ipfs decentralized file storage network, operating with single points failure, and dependence geographic political territory. each file ipfs can located using canonical url. each provider's client app hardcoded with the the url its content root; the content root may contain sub-category descriptors linking their urls, which turn may link further sub-categories. ethereum log directives for push notifications. clients may need alert notify users remote events; the initiator such events will normally the smart contract, notifying clients changes its lifecycle states and announcing the market maker's offered rate. additionally, the market operator may want send custom messages clients participating market. these notifications shall distributed using the ethereum network: clients participating event remain subscribed the smart contract's events. ethereum protocol carries events emitted from executed smart contracts log records block closure and propagates them subscribed clients. whisper for real-time peer-to-peer communications. the future, the stox app may provide users participating certain event with in-app chat. whisper, decentralized protocol for peer peer communication, which routes messages between ethereum nodes addendum the ethereum protocol, will used deliver the chat messages decentralized way. stox app architecture ethereum client the stox app required perform transactions stx which erc compatible token over the ethereum blockchain. addition, the app required transact with stox ethereum smart contracts. performing these actions on-chain requires ethereum client distributed with the app. there's wide variety available open source ethereum clients. one the most robust and feature complete implementations the go-ethereum client commonly referred geth. geth running standalone mode, the app can communicate with programmatically using json-rpc over one the available transports (ipc, http ws). geth can also used library for ios, android and projects. running ethereum client creates node the network which synchronizes blocks the chain order verify and validate the current state. full synchronization the most secure but can take long time and consume large amount disk space. compromise, the ethereum client can run fast mode which cuts back validation older blocks. the synchronization process this case may still take several hours and consume several disk space more resources than what we'd like allocate for the stox app. this leaves with light mode which only gets the current state without validating previous blocks. the resource budget this case several hundreds disk space and initial sync time several minutes with later updates taking several seconds. cross platform desktop framework the stox app required run standalone desktop app for windows, mac and linux. for easy support multiple platforms with single codebase, cross-platform app framework should used. the stox app relies electron for this purpose. the electron framework provides high development velocity leveraging web technologies such javascript, html and css. another benefit the electron framework lowering the barrier for customization the stox app. altering the ui, brand and colors the app using html and css for all platforms once will make the customization process accessible for most developers rather painless manner. the same codebase could later used for web hosted client solutions well although those are not planned the immediate future. market makers abstract prediction market, each player has idea the distribution probabilities the possible outcomes event. two players that have different idea these probabilities can make trade. the most basic example, suppose amanda believes there's chance rain monday, and brian certain monday will sunny chance rain). amanda and brian could pledge each. they meet :pm monday, and brian collects his because did rain. tuesday, amanda believes there's chance rain, and brian expects chance. they are both confident with their forecasts, they could take bet for any betting ratio between and because both expect positive outcome (though :pm tuesday they will discover that only one them was right): example wager range prediction ratio greater than prediction ratio exactly prediction ratio between and amanda's expectation brian's expectation result expectancy proceeds speculating: expectancy proceeds speculating: erainy= erainy= trade: both amanda and brian want bet sunny tuesday. expectancy proceeds speculating rain: expectancy proceeds speculating rain: esunny= esunny= amanda will prefer bet sunny tuesday. brian will prefer bet sunny tuesday. expectancy proceeds speculating rain: expectancy proceeds speculating: erainy= erainy= expectancy proceeds speculating rain: expectancy proceeds speculating rain: esunny= esunny= amanda has preference. brian will prefer bet sunny tuesday. expectancy proceeds speculating: expectancy proceeds speculating: erainy= erainy= expectancy proceeds speculating rain: expectancy proceeds speculating rain: esunny= esunny= amanda will prefer bet sunny tuesday. brian will prefer bet sunny tuesday. probably trade: amanda has nothing gain from plaaying. (unless she enjoys the thrill, and would play for expected gain) game on: amanda wants bet rainy tuesday, brian wants speculate sunny tuesday. how would amanda and brian find each other make the trade? double auction market, all players meet exchange, and some them announce the rates they are willing speculate. all players listen these announcements and take the offers they find acceptable. the announcers are called the "market makers" the listeners taking offer are called the "market takers". the problem, however, that this exchange high burden all players: they need the exchange the same time; some the players need make announcements, thus need determine optimal rate announce; some the announcements will not taken, frustrating some players that took the burden announcing but didn't get participate the trade; this burden becomes smaller there are many players the market. practice, such market reasonably good solution for prediction market there are many players active any hour the day, although the burden making announcement creating "product friction" reducing the number predicted events. the solution this use market maker: party interested enabling the prediction deposits sum, which will use the counterpart any player wanting speculate (liquidity). rule used the market maker determine, each point time, the prediction ratio accepts called scoring rule. the family scoring rules that are applicable prediction markets, i.e. incentivise players hedge their beliefs, are called proper scoring rules. these, the gold standard prediction market hanson's logarithmic market scoring rule: suppose the time christopher wants speculate that wednesday will rainy, after amanda and brian already put their wagers. the quoted rate sees whereas the natural logarithm, qrainy and qsunny are the sum previous wagers either outcome, and the calculated from the liquidity sum deposited the market maker. the actual rate christopher needs pay differs from the quote, because his bet changes one the q's (the quote would only apply infinitesimally-small wager). supposing christopher wants place wager that would pay him wednesday turns out rainy, the market maker would accept his wager pays the stox network will initially offer two variants market makers derived from lmsr, namely liquidity-sensitive automated market maker standard lmsr robin hanson. combinatorial information market design. information systems frontiers, (), platform limitations the events are operated the public ethereum blockchain, requiring all operations that change the market's state (creation, users' opening and closing positions, oracle reports, users' collection payments) broadcast the blockchain. technical and throughput limits the ethereum network and its processing costs have several adverse effects stox: the throughput the ethereum network puts upper bound the rate which onchain prediction market can process orders and modify positions, which practice stands hundreds calls per minute. the near future, high-traffic prediction markets, with participation thousands users, cannot supported the ethereum network. when the ethereum network under low load, its block confirmation time seconds means user would wait average seconds for each operation. under normal workload, transactions may processed only after block two, resulting longer wait around one minute. such latency not reasonable for and require designing the user experience way that provides immediate feedback for actions, then processes blockchain operations the background. higher network loads, the ethereum network suffers from very high variance confirmation times. transactions may queue for several blocks' time, resulting wait minutes hours. when this happens, users' predictions may fail register the blockchain, due the event closing significant change the rate offered the market maker. ethereum currently supports fee payments only the sender, and only eth. transaction fees ethereum network are expected amount between $.-$. per operation when the network under reasonable load, addition the fees collected the prediction markets. this also creates product complexity requires users hold small eth balance order make payments (we recommend that operators refund users their transaction fees, that small eth deposit could sufficient for user). othman, sandholm, d.m. pennock, and d.m. reeves (). practical liquidity-sensitive automated market maker. acm conference electronic commerce: despite these drawbacks, ethereum still the best public blockchain available today. new developments the ethereum network should mitigate all the abovementioned issues: raiden and casper are expected increase the capacity the ethereum network enabling significant reduction block times and variance block waits. similarly, the increase capacity and offloading large amounts transactions state channels are expected result significant reduction network fees. casper proposes abstractions that could enable contract-pays schemes for fees, eliminating the need for users hold eth. several bodies are promoting research off-chain scalability prediction markets. are monitoring the advances these fields hope for viable solution, however, the moment will taking cautious approach planning, consider currently known models impractical.