white paper contributors: chris trew, guy brandon and nicolas dorier (stratis bitcoin full node) contributors: chris trew and guy brandon table contents summary .......................................................................................................... blockchain: distributed ledger............................................................................ what the blockchain? .................................................................................... bitcoin, blockchain and the growth distributed ledger technology .................. cloud computing ................................................................................................ what cloud computing? ................................................................................. what the stratis platform?................................................................................ overview ........................................................................................................ architecture and development ........................................................................... architecture the stratis bitcoin full node......................................................... stratis bitcoin full node.................................................................................... stratis: key features .......................................................................................... stratis private chains ...................................................................................... stratis blockchain-as-a-service (baas) .............................................................. decentralised app hosting ............................................................................. bitcoin, ethereum, lisk node provisioning ...................................................... one-click deployment ................................................................................... fiat gateway integration .................................................................................. three-tier architecture .................................................................................... stratis consultancy ............................................................................................ blockchain consultancy .................................................................................... active development for the bitcoin ecosystem .................................................... scalability ......................................................................................................... bitcoin compatibility ........................................................................................... conclusion ........................................................................................................ case studies ..................................................................................................... proof existence ........................................................................................... clearing and settlement ................................................................................... creating private blockchain ........................................................................... fiat gateway .................................................................................................. blitz sidechain ................................................................................................ references........................................................................................................ www.stratisplatform.com page summary blockchain distributed ledger technology (dlt) offers radically different paradigm storing and managing information online. decentralised ledgers lack the points failure and associated security issues traditional databases and top-down protocols, whilst the same time posing their own unique challenges for effective deployment and maintenance. the advantages terms costs, transparency, immutability, security and confidence that are characteristic blockchain solutions mean that financial businesses, government departments and other organisations are exploring applications all kinds with view delivering services more profitably and efficiently. however, reliable deployment new blockchain fit for purpose entails extensive overheads terms network infrastructure, development, security and ongoing maintenance. moreover, use existing blockchain (such bitcoin) comes with numerous problems for mainstream business, not least because users have control over blockchain features future development. attractive model for blockchain service provision exists cloud computing. cloud services may tailored according the needs the organisation and infrastructure, platforms and software provided services via web interfaces without businesses having take the maintenance these themselves. stratis will take similar approach blockchain deployment, enabling organisations provision their own private blockchains, tailored their precise needs but secured the parent stratis chain. this approach means there are few unnecessary overheads whilst allowing businesses secure the benefits blockchain-based solution, developing services via powerful apis and lite web-based clients. www.stratisplatform.com page blockchain: distributed ledger what the blockchain? blockchain distributed ledger new way storing and transferring information. centralised databases have been employed for many years financial corporations and other organisations store customer details and record transactions one kind another. these are carefully-guarded and closed systems which only privileged operators are allowed make entries. when customer transfers money from one bank account another, they make request the bank their behalf rather than engaging directly with the database that holds information about balances. centralisation inherent the paradigm. this carries certain implications. centralised system one that definition has point failure. also one that implies power differential because the privileged operators have the prerogative intervene for example, unilaterally reversing transaction imposing new charges. the blockchain offers radically different approach. the bitcoin protocol,[] launched established for the first time the viability transferring value peer-to-peer basis over the internet, without the need for trusted intermediary. satoshi nakamoto, the pseudonymous creator bitcoin, solved the 'double spend' problem: the issue that digital information can easily copied, and therefore centralised authority was previously required reflect where funds were located. its simplest, the blockchain digital record stored network computers around the world. instead securing information restricting access, the blockchain shares information amongst all users. ownership funds (for example) cryptographically verified, and the full transparency and mutual ownership the system means that bad actor immediately recognisable such and any transactions submitted such node are ignored. the decentralised structure the blockchain brings several key features contrast traditional centralised approaches: transparency: possible for anyone track the movement funds from one account another. immutability: once confirmed, transaction cannot reversed. one can interfere with completed transfer. low cost: transaction fees are minimal. cross-border: funds can sent easily someone the other side the world they can someone the next room. speed: due the flat and transparent nature the blockchain, transfers show almost instantly and are typically confirmed minutes, rather than hours days. www.stratisplatform.com page bitcoin, blockchain and the growth distributed ledger technology although bitcoin very successful transferring value and effective form decentralised money, from the outset was recognised that the same approach could used record information almost any kind the same shared basis. well cash, strings characters the blockchain could represent simple messages, ownership physical digital assets securities, voting decisions, and on. this broader application was developed number '.' platforms including nxt and bitshares, amongst others. date, however, all these have been relatively limited one way another, and lack suitability their current forms for adoption real-world financial businesses. case study: proof existence the immutable and transparent nature the blockchain lends itself applications which the existence file document must proved for particular point time. blockchain solutions are already informally used kind digital copyright. users take 'hash' cryptographic digest file that serves unique fingerprint and upload the blockchain.... read more the rise bitcoin and similar protocols was accompanied rapid re-evaluation governments, regulators and the financial services industry the existing paradigms. due bitcoin's position outside the control state and financial authorities and its potential for misuse tool fraud, money laundering and other illegal activity, well other concerns such its volatility and the unregulated nature the exchanges which traded, the first reactions tended scepticism and concern. however, increasing number actors have also recognised the potential blockchain technology and the broad range use cases which the distributed ledger lends itself. noticeable shift has occurred towards the end and with series national governments and major banks now actively undertaking research into distributed ledger technology (dlt) means creating more effective money and delivering more efficient public services not least the government[], china, south korea, goldman sachs and ubs, amongst others. around billion was invested bitcoin-related companies alone.[] the benefits blockchain technology for companies and organisations all sizes and types are becoming ever clearer. however, until now there have been few options for those who wish deploy use blockchain technology. they either have invest the time and funds create and maintain their own protocol from scratch, use existing open platform (such bitcoin itself), with all the limitations and problems that entails. www.stratisplatform.com page cloud computing what cloud computing? cloud computing refers the practice accessing data and resources via remote provider, rather than relying solely in-house hardware and software. the internet era, businesses and individuals longer need purchase and maintain their own hardware, even run their own software platforms. instead, these can housed third parties dedicated data centres and accessed and when required. the benefits such approach are extensive. means that resources can allocated and paid for according need, rather than purchased inefficiently and advance; economies scale are inherent cloud provision. this allows for far greater flexibility and control over budgets, well enabling companies scale rapidly when required. consequently, almost all now use cloud computing some form, particularly for email (including popular webmail platforms like gmail and yahoo) and storage (cloud drives such aws, opendrive, icloud, dropbox and on). although storage one the most popular applications cloud computing, almost any resource organisation needs can provided this way. over and above infrastructure-as-a-service (iaas), which includes servers, storage and network provision, there growing move meet all computing needs via the cloud. platformas-a-service (paas) comprises the delivery development tools and frameworks, databases and execution environments, whilst software-as-a-service (saas) allows applications run from the cloud. www.stratisplatform.com page what the stratis platform? overview stratis powerful and flexible blockchain development platform designed for the needs real-world financial services businesses and other organisations that want develop, test and deploy applications the blockchain. stratis blockchain apps can developed pure and can also utilize the microsoft .net framework, while also taking advantage the powerful stratis apis and framework. stratis significantly simplifies the development process for creating blockchain applications and accelerates the development lifecycle for blockchain development projects. stratis private chains allow businesses deploy their own customised blockchains without the overheads inherent running their own blockchain network infrastructure. stratis's turnkey solution enables developers and businesses create, test and deploy blockchain-based applications quickly and easily, all without the costs and security concerns that would otherwise arise from in-house implementation. stratis will developing bitcoin full node utilising the trusted and proven architecture bitcoin. the stratis platform will then built top this innovative fully validating node (tailored stratis's own needs) whilst also adding broad range powerful new features top it. addition, stratis will enable the deployment customisable sidechains. stratis will continue maintain and further develop the bitcoin version the nstratis full node. the stratis bitcoin full node and the nstratis framework will open source, anyone can inspect it, clone/modify and use for their own purposes contributing healthy ecosystem and the mutually beneficial sharing ideas and development efforts. www.stratisplatform.com page architecture and development the stratis platform will built the stratis bitcoin full node platform and framework. the stratis bitcoin full node will developed top the nbitcoin library,[] near-complete port bitcoin core written and .net blockchain developer nicolas dorier. there will also c++ wallet and full node version based bitcoin core, though the majority nodes the network will nstratis (c#) nodes. nbitcoin complete and proven blockchain framework that already use, and will enable accelerated development. stages nstratis development will include: development the stratis bitcoin full node fork the stratis bitcoin full node for nstratis implement the required changes nstratis and port elements sidechains c#. benefits there are several advantages building stratis the nbitcoin platform.[] was developed pure and utilizes the microsoft .net framework, which easier maintain and develop further than the traditional c++ bitcoin core source code. one the dominant languages business application development and offers several advantages over c++. nbitcoin currently the only cross-platform alternative bitcoin implementation available. stratis will upgrade the code base .net core, microsoft's latest version .net that can run natively across even more devices. www.stratisplatform.com page architecture the stratis bitcoin full node full node application whose goal keep track valid blocks the blockchain. essentially composed several layers: network layer this deals with which messages are exchanged between full nodes, and how. consensus layer this sets the (blockchain-wide) rules for what considered valid block. node policy layer this adds more restrictive rules than the consensus layer prevent ddos (node-wide rule). infrastructure layer governs how store and verify blocks and transactions efficiently. interface layer api for developers query the state the node, and/or user interface. interface layer infrastructure layer stratis bitcoin full node (c#) bitcoin core (c++) node policy layer consensus layer network layer libconsensus (c++) nbitcoin (c#) while bitcoin core deals with all these layers the same source code, stratis bitcoin full node will only have deal with the node policy layer, infrastructure layer and interface layer. the consensus layer integral component the full node architecture that should ideally not modified without industry-wide consensus, since bug this layer could cause fork the blockchain and result loss funds. result this risk consensus layer should close bitcoin core possible. bitcoin core provides part the consensus code library called libconsensus. nbitcoin will used fill any gaps. simplify the transition the stratis bitcoin full node, all the rpc api endpoints available bitcoin core will provided, users and businesses will not have rewrite their software utilise the stratis bitcoin full node. stratis bitcoin full node and microsoft's .net framework www.stratisplatform.com page stratis bitcoin full node bitcoin was originally developed satoshi nakamoto piece software that bundled together several different functionalities. what users called 'bitcoin' was the same time the protocol, the wallet, the key storage, the mining software, the infrastructure for other apps, and the full node. with all maturing technology, the bitcoin industry became more and more specialised, and the functionality once provided only bitcoin core has now been diffused among different players the industry. all-purpose piece software has now been replaced and complemented multiple specialised parties and applications. the most basic layer bitcoin which everybody depends full node. changing the code full node controversial matter, the consequences impact virtually every company the ecosystem. the other hand, consensus about improvement bitcoin reached and new feature successfully implemented the full node, then the benefits ripple out across the whole industry. typical example the new op_csv and segregated witness improvement that will allow the development off-chain payments, which will permit bitcoin scale currency. present, the most popular bitcoin node called bitcoin core and developed c++. the bitcoin core team group highly skilled developers who generally adopt very conservative approach accepting improvements. one the reasons for this that full node such critical component for bitcoin that any new features require extensive reviews and testing. contributors bitcoin core generally work for free, and their review time valuable but limited. believe that one way allow improvements implemented faster develop full node instead c++. highly skilled c++ engineers are short supply the corporate world, which tends prefer higher-level languages like java. higherlevel languages are also easier review and learn, and harder make coding mistakes. such, propose that the stratis bitcoin full node will based the nbitcoin framework, which the most complete and portable library for developing blockchain applications and platforms and microsofts .net. www.stratisplatform.com page stratis: key features stratis allows the creation distinct, private blockchains, launched third party organisations and tailored their needs but secured the main stratis blockchain. they can accessed via lite clients and simple but powerful apis. because these private chains are based upon the code the main stratis chain and side chains are compatible and transfer between the two straightforward.[] stratis private chains secure blockchain network will typically consist hundreds even thousands computers running the same protocol. consequently, there are significant advantages employing established network with proven stability and security, rather than starting from scratch. although possible develop applications top the bitcoin blockchain, the first and still the best-known and most secure cryptocurrency network, there are good reasons why few businesses would want so. bitcoin has comparatively slow -minute confirmation times, and periodic attacks the network means that transactions can delayed for hours; addressing these effectively requires controversial hard fork and the pace development slow. businesses have control over upgrades other changes the network such the capacity each block and the rate that transactions that may processed. thus bitcoin's security advantages come cost significant rigidity and unpredictability. contrast, stratis private chains allow developers complete freedom customise their implementation for their specific needs, whilst the underpinning 'parent' blockchain established enough give users high degree confidence its security. for example, business requires large block sizes accommodate high volume transactions; rapid block times enable low-latency trading; controlled transactions that only approved users can submit request the network; given rate inflation; additional space for metadata each block, any all these can specified launch. the private chain can accessed straightforward apis, meaning that stand-alone applications can rapidly developed. www.stratisplatform.com page stratis blockchain-as-a-service (baas) given both the advantages cloud computing and the benefits blockchain technology, there strong business case for deploying distributed ledgers the same way, tailoring them according the needs the organisation question. with other forms cloud usage, this allows on-demand payment model, well scalability and removing the need for costly hardware and specialist expertise. baas enables off-thepeg approach blockchain use, placing within the reach any organisation. the nature the blockchain means that cannot readily located within the traditional framework iaas/paas/saas. blockchains are software, run distributed networks computers. moreover, 'blockchain' catch-all term for approach storage and consensus; blockchain protocols can provide breadth services straightforward value transfer (bitcoin) the execution smart contracts (ethereum). thus there case for considering baas the provision infrastructure, platform and software the same time. specifically, baas allows developers test and deploy their bespoke blockchain-based applications the cloud, without having maintain the network full clients themselves. the implementation the blockchain can tailored their needs and accessed via lite clients apis. decentralised app hosting well offering the services integrated its own blockchain, stratis will specialise providing hosting and consultancy for decentralised applications (dapps) top the ethereum blockchain. this enables complete off-the-peg approach smart contracts. stratis will work closely with businesses determine their needs, before deploying nodes required and organising hosting. this allows clients focus solely creating dapps without expending time and resources infrastructure. bitcoin, ethereum, lisk node provisioning these solutions will not confined the stratis chain and private chains. stratis will enable one-click provisioning other major blockchain platforms aside from its own, including bitcoin, ethereum, bitshares and lisk each which has its own character, community developers and use cases. thus organisation wishes test out different networks, use them parallel employ different functionality, there nothing stop them doing quickly and easily. for example, ethereum's smart contracts and the waves decentralised asset exchange offer functionality not implemented stratis but that will useful certain businesses, either combination with stratis its own. stratis consultancy will provide consultancy services for many different blockchain solutions and can advise which blockchain-based solution most appropriate, and how businesses might about deploying this, well installing required software and provisioning nodes required. www.stratisplatform.com page this off-the-peg provisioning reduces the unnecessary overheads for blockchain deployment near zero and makes stratis the most convenient and cost-effective solution currently available. one-click deployment stratis makes easier than ever before for organisations deploy private blockchains, taking cloud services approach provisioning. one-click process means that new chains can launched with unprecedented speed, tailored for the needs the organisation. broad range variables including block time, size and space for metadata are customisable, making incredibly flexible. essentially, entire network can bootstrapped the back the main chain, giving ready-made cryptocurrency ecosystem for developers use out the box. fiat gateway integration although blockchains allow for the transfer value the form their native tokens, these have numerous problems from the perspective commercial enterprise, including compliance issues and the fluctuation price that result normal market supply and demand. case study: fiat gateway financial services company remitco wishes facilitate the remittance funds migrant workers the middle east back their families home. although remittance billion market, there little competition many locations and low-income workers may heavily penalised various ways. read more stratis designed with the integration fiat gateways mind from the outset. allows financial organisations use the blockchain for the transfer existing currencies that are both readily accepted mainstream consumers and are not subject damaging volatility: tokens value that are simply digital equivalents regular money. this 'best both worlds' approach means that businesses can maintain compliance whatever way they see fit, according jurisdiction and organisational policy, whilst simultaneously using the blockchain store value with all the advantages for speed, cost, transparency and stability currency such dual strategy allows. www.stratisplatform.com page three-tier architecture the stratis platform uses three-tier architecture typical the microsoft(r) asp.net application style. this good fit the stratis full node, stratis blockchain api and the stratis spv technology are developed and run within the microsoft .net framework and common language runtime. the client tier, browsers, desktops, mobiles, and iot (internet things) devices connect the various services the application tier. they receive blockchain data querying the stratis chain api via https. the application tier composed the stratis chain api, cloud stratis management portal, cloud stratis api and secure payment verification (spv). all the components the application tier are developed c#. the application tier handles blockchain requests and spv proofs for lite clients that not download the full blockchain. also provides access the stratis cloud management portal and api. the server tier consists the stratis full blockchain node, the cloud stratis hosting layer and the stratis payment protocol. stratis consultancy the stratis's headquarters will based london, global financial centre and hub for fintech services. thought leaders and practitioners distributed ledger technology, stratis will leverage its own expertise offering consultancy services other businesses working the sector, thereby driving forward blockchain adoption and forging key partnerships where opportunities are presented. london's light-touch approach regulation means that many other cryptocurrency businesses are choosing the city for their headquarters and there growing concentration skills and experience, well extensive access traditional financial services businesses. although stratis's consultancy work will predominantly within the uk, will expanded worldwide there demand. the work will focus several key areas: blockchain consultancy stratis's consultancy arm will work with businesses help them explore how blockchain technology can help them. distributed ledger technology offers numerous specific benefits, but not panacea and not necessary helpful all cases. stratis will help businesses and organisations all sizes pinpoint where they can save money www.stratisplatform.com page and increase efficiency, transparency and security using blockchain technology, and the solutions that are best suited for their circumstances and needs. active development for the bitcoin ecosystem stratis's developers will actively contribute the development bitcoin core and elements side chains,[] while also further developing nbitcoin, the most complete .net bitcoin library. the team will develop the bitcoin version nbitcoin while also creating their own nstratis version, rather than forking the code and developing this independently. core the aims stratis contribute the ongoing development other key projects the relevant space. this will not only help advance blockchain technology more broadly, but will position stratis one the top blockchain companies. stratis will based the latest version bitcoin, will simple matter implement any technology developed for bitcoin (and many cases from stratis bitcoin). www.stratisplatform.com page scalability scalability major issue for cryptocurrency protocols. because every transaction stored the blockchain for transparency and immutability, unoptimised blockchain the size the chain function the number transactions. this can cause serious issues. bitcoin's block sizes limit low throughput transactions per second (tps), and tensions between different stakeholders the bitcoin ecosystem (including miners, large holders/advocates and end-users) have meant that the problem has proven extremely difficult fix. the result has been that there have been periods when transactions have been delayed because there not enough space block. consequently, few serious businesses would voluntarily expose themselves the risks using the bitcoin blockchain for third-party applications, having control over the future the protocol and influence over any improvements that might made. for bitcoin, the problem transaction volumes may yet solved hard fork enable larger blocks, but this still suboptimal solution. transaction volumes grow exponentially with greater adoption (in the best case scenario), block size will also have grow exponentially. this places greater demands full nodes terms bandwidth and disk space. despite expected advances storage and connectivity technology, this will likely lead even greater centralisation mining, which only the bestresourced nodes can afford maintain the network. aside from any political and ideological concerns, this has implications for network security. stratis addresses these problems several different ways. firstly, every private blockchain configurable, meaning that organisation can choose how large blocks should reflecting their own needs and resources. related this, instead using single ledger for every application, stratis comprises host chain from which financial businesses can deploy their own ledgers depending their specific requirements, rather than directly using the same blockchain the whole stratis network (or the whole bitcoin ecosystem, the bitcoin blockchain was employed). this offers the remarkable versatility extensive platform, combined with the full control private chain secured the host blockchain but tailored and administrated the owning organisation. separate note, stratis employs proof-of-stake approach consensus which aligns the interests end-users (businesses) and those tasked with securing the network (full nodes). this means that business can run full stratis node well nodes for their own blockchain without the overheads associated with specialist mining hardware. lastly, series measures will used combat bloat the main chain, which ultimately serves means secure child chains and can therefore kept lightweight possible. www.stratisplatform.com page bitcoin compatibility because stratis's private chains are based the same code the main blockchain, the interface for private chains compatible with that the main stratis chain. stratis will provide the same rpc api bitcoin core initially, which means that any applications platforms that use bitcoin's rpc command line can ported quickly stratis. new functionality provided stratis-specific api calls. the compatibility between main and private chains also means that simple matter incorporate new features developed for stratis into private chain and potentially vice versa, since any feature developed business could released into future update stratis. however, this would only take place with the express consent the business. although stratis's customers facto have full use every feature the stratis blockchain, there onus them make privately-developed features available others. conclusion stratis's private blockchains offer several significant advantages over the creation new chain from scratch, and for most organisations will provide all the required benefits without either being unnecessarily restrictive entailing the significant overheads involved creating and maintaining cryptocurrency network. the cloud provisioning approach blockchain, blockchain-as-a-service (baas), makes deploying new chain process simple signing for account and selecting required parameters. these tailor-made solutions are accessible via web interfaces and apis, although users can run full nodes for both their private chain and the host stratis network they wish. compatibility with bitcoin means that bitcoin-based services can easily ported stratis for additional functionality and convenience. result, stratis positioned strongly for entry into the baas space. www.stratisplatform.com page case studies proof existence the immutable and transparent nature the blockchain lends itself applications which the existence file document must proved for particular point time. blockchain solutions are already informally used kind digital copyright. users take 'hash' cryptographic digest file that serves unique fingerprint and upload the blockchain. blockchains that allow arbitrary messages recorded are convenient for this purpose, but bitcoin and other first-generation blockchains allow short strings characters embedded transactions. because each block timestamped and each hash represents specific file (changing even single character document pixel image results completely different hash), this proves with beyond any reasonable degree doubt that the file existed the time that the hash was uploaded. this approach that can extended from copyright and patents contracts all kinds, and even establishing the physical condition property hire car before used customer. clearing and settlement clearing and settlement major pain point for the banking industry, costing many tens billions dollars every year. recent research santander suggested that near real-time digital ledger for clearing could save over billion per year. many the cost savings centre the clearing and settlement cycle that feature most current investment markets. counterparty balances across wide range markets and financial institutions around the world are matched and reconciled rolling threeday basis. currently this takes place technology that more than years old payments are batched and sent intervals system called automated clearing house (ach). there are significant benefits moving this process blockchain platform, some major banks are now actively considering, thereby clearing payments almost instantly. this could also potentially reduce the capital financial institutions have hold against trades. for some multinational organisations where several different currencies may use and funds moved between countries and departments daily basis and particularly for the remittance industry such approach could prove invaluable for cross-border financial transfers. the blockchain potentially cuts the time for reconciliation down from day more just minutes. www.stratisplatform.com page creating private blockchain tradecorp financial services business that wishes deploy and test trading platform that utilizes blockchain technology. part their agile development, they decide develop proof-of-concept platform explore the issues they will face when bringing their idea market. due the anticipated volume and speed transactions, they require blocks and -second block time, and hence bitcoin not fit for their purposes. instead, they engage stratis deploy and host private chain for them. this achieved with the following steps: create account the stratis cloud portal purchase stratis fuel your private chain. (there will simple process for purchasing stratis with many different payment options) visit the provisioning tab the cloud management portal and select 'deploy private blockchain'. provide the required blockchain specifications outlined below: identifying name the blockchain target block time (e.g. seconds) privacy level any peer can join the network; private network; private public transactions mining rewards (private chain mining only). e.g. native currency units per block, halving every blocks. ports for connections and the json-rpc api, e.g. permitted transaction types, e.g. paytoaddress, paytomultisig, paytoscripthash. maximum block size, e.g. mb. maximum metadata per transaction (op_return), e.g. bytes. click confirm/create new blockchain tradecorp's private blockchain has now been provisioned and their primary node can accessed via ssh the ip/port displayed the stratis management portal. tradecorp now have private blockchain that secured the stratis parent blockchain, which also meets their exact requirements. they also have access the all the technology developed the stratis projects, which can deployed their blockchain with little development overhead. the whole process can completed little minutes. stratis designed make provisioning customised blockchains easy possible and with the needs the financial services industry mind. these features mean that versatile solution for most businesses, from smes large financial organisations. www.stratisplatform.com page fiat gateway financial services company remitco wishes facilitate the remittance funds migrant workers the middle east back their families home. although remittance billion market, there little competition many locations and low-income workers may heavily penalised various ways. unofficial services run unscrupulous operators leave them open risk, and fees can high much monthly pay. lack documentation and the comparatively small amounts money involved mean that many cannot access official banking and money transfer services. nevertheless, high proportion are web literate and own internet-enabled mobile phones. remitco deploys private blockchain top the stratis network and creates token representing units the local fiat currency which migrant workers are paid. service the host country collects funds from employees and acts gateway the blockchain. the workers now send these fiat tokens back their families, which takes seconds minutes instead days, costs almost nothing and fully secure and transparent there are unwanted middlemen and hidden costs. separate branch remitco the receiver's country acts gateway for funds back out the blockchain. because remitco's blockchain private, there are concerns about fraud money laundering since only approved personnel can move funds into and out the blockchain. similarly, the use fiat-equivalent tokens means that users are not exposed exchange rate volatility, they would they used bitcoin other open protocols. the remittance process streamlined and cost-effective, meaning that remitco can charge smaller fee than the unofficial money transfer businesses, whilst offering better service for its customers. thus stratis offers advantages for remitco that would not available with fully public blockchain. blitz sidechain the blitz blockchain already has dedicated community and series services built top it. these include the fitalize platform, which uses fitness devices such the fitbit reward users with crypto coins per-step basis, and the viral exchange (tve), social media project that leverages cryptocurrency payments incentivise users like, share and follow posts for rapid publicity and growth. this example, the blitz developers and community decide move their blockchain the stratis ecosystem, thereby gaining series benefits: accelerated development. blitz now able follow closely the code base stratis, rather than spend time and resources maintaining its own version the network software. very little development required order update the code. www.stratisplatform.com page new features. well its own features, blitz can now use all the features offered stratis again saving the time, money and effort otherwise required develop these from scratch separate chain. new network and network effect. blitz will keep its own services and the businesses has built around it, but can now provide those the whole stratis ecosystem enabling the community access new markets and other businesses. continued independence. blitz retains its own unique character, community and use-cases, new potential users notwithstanding. the developers and community can make their own decisions about the direction taken the platform, facilitated but not restricted being part stratis. references https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf https://www.gov.uk/government/news/distributed-ledger-technology-beyond-block-chain http://money.cnn.com////technology/bitcoin--billion-invested/ []http://www.ft.com/cms/s//ebf-bb-e-afebfb.html#axzztuqdh []https://research.tabbgroup.com/report/v--blockchain-clearing-and-settlementcrossing-chasm the most complete bitcoin port (part crypto), http://www.codeproject.com/articles//nbitcoin-the-most-complete-bitcoin-port-partcrypt nbitcoin indexer: scalable and fault tolerant block chain indexer, http://www.codeproject.com/articles//nbitcoin-indexer-a-scalable-and-fault-tolerantblo see programming the blockchain c#, https://www.gitbook.com/book/programmingblockchain/programmingblockchain/details blockstream elements https://blockstream.com/sidechains.pdf https://elementsproject.org/ www.stratisplatform.com page