subx whitepaper table contents .introduction the success bitcoin real implementation open governance the problems bitcoin too complicated not relevant the solution real implementation incentivization .vision .mission the first million benefits .problem complexity the mobile wallet payments the solution subx mobile wallet time frame subx payment request subx platform what the subx platform? subx blockchain connecting the world progress date subx roadmap compliance legal compliance the subx team team members legal ownership jurisdiction risks indonesia malaysia thailand risks indemnity anti-money laundering (aml) countering the financing terrorism (cft) purchasers obligation statement language confidentiality speculative project contact .introduction satoshi nakamoto's seminal bitcoin white paper proposed revolutionary new digital currency. but was based its predecessor hashcash and the proof-of-work concept was originally proposed dwork and naor means combatting junk email. the success bitcoin why did bitcoin achieve such explosive economic value while its predecessors were mostly academic interest only? real implementation more than just white paper, "satoshi" released the open source reference implementation because bitcoin itself was more than just white paper, but actual working system, was able capture the imagination developers and leverage the paradigm open source software development quickly iterate and improve into global-class financial infrastructure. open governance more importantly, bitcoin open system that allows for evolution through forking and such provides assurance its long-term trustworthiness. stakeholders ever get upset with the direction bitcoin, they can and already have produced forks that users and miners can migrate they see fit. ..the problems bitcoin the biggest problem with bitcoin the moment that has not broken out into mainstream adoption. one study pegs the number active cryptocurrency users between and million. this paper proposes solution for adding billion users the cryptocurrency movement adding two key elements missing order provide significant adoption mainstream users. the next billion users have not yet entered cryptocurrency for two main reasons: too complicated cryptocurrency suffers from complexity for the average user. managing private keys, public keys, blockchain concepts--it's all vastly out the reach the average user. some cases, the next billion users may even barely able operate smartphone. ..not relevant today, the only thing you can buy with cryptocurrency are other cryptocurrencies. the vast majority people are not involved with this process and interest. until the average user can use cryptocurrency buy bag rice loaf bread, the relevancy cryptocurrency will restricted small audience. ..the solution this paper presents subx, platform for consumerizing cryptocurrencies enabling their use retail point sale (pos) through mobile payment app. following the footsteps bitcoin, subx has the same properties real implementation, open governance and incentivization that allows for the rapid global expansion the solution. ..real implementation subx complete end-to-end solution for mobile retail point-of sale (pos) including full-stack reference implementation all the components. includes mobile application with payment system. all these components will made widely available through open source and open specifications. ..incentivization the subx network incentivizes participation through providing free hardware retail stores the initial target geography asia. users are incentivized participate the subx network through accessibility and ease use and the convenience mobile payment. with solution that decreases complexity and adds relevance cryptocurrencies end users, will see rapid mainstream adoption cryptocurrencies and the merging the crypto-economy .vision the next million crypto users subx will help generate demand for new and old, well big and small cryptocurrencies. other online cryptocurrency exchange can bring new cryptocurrency users from this segment and the same number, thanks our powerful focus attracting the consumer market. from million with future growth mind, let's look some relevant statistics october bitcoin price approximately usd bitcoin market capitalization approximately usd billion trading frequency times trade volume usd million. with trading volume accounting for total volume, the reason bitcoin had such respectable numbers because there may many and million average million active wallets. however, the global bitcoin wallet ownership numbers not even reach the population south east asia. just take few minutes absorb this information. what could introduce million, even million users. what kind impact would this have the cryptocurrency landscape subx? million users years subx concentrating initial traction efforts asia. have local team with deep understanding the asian market plus have track record, connections and products match the local market's needs. will spend the next two years building extensive coverage convenience stores, shopping malls, retail shops, chain outlets, cafe, restaurants and other outlets. will use subx apps coverage even greater number smaller sellers. our goal for users able buy and spend subx within -minute walk any location asia and europe. with our initial outreach asia, intend expand into other countries such as, malaysia, singapore, japan and other regional markets simultaneously. our plan cover the whole asia within three years. the same time, will explore other parts asia, the americas and europe using our open source and open specification for adoption our protocol. this way can achieve our objectives sales cryptocurrency; usage cryptocurrency; and growth cryptocurrency. subx will provided open source and the hardware reference implementation specifications will provided under creative commons. subx solution will therefore readily deployable across the world regions outside indonesia. with these international deployments, subx will able reach the desired user mark. .mission the first million cryptocurrencies, while capturing the imagination people has almost meaning value most the world. subx seeks bring cryptocurrency the first million users. benefits achieving this goal, subx will help increase the value cryptocurrency for all users around the globe bringing with stable market use. .problem complexity one the hardest problems crypto how radically reduce the complexity handling cryptocurrency. subx solves this problem through several end users' layers including mobile wallet with implemented payment system the mobile wallet the mobile wallet helpful component because solves the handling private and public keys. instead managing long and complicated blockchain public key, may preferable for end users simply maintain password-based system that much more familiar. increasingly mobile devices can secured fingerprint face recognition, even the password may become too complex for many users and fact point where the complexity can help create security risk. with the mobile wallet there also will website with all the information learn more about subx and also where you can track your transactions via the panel. payments peerpeer payments will made easier between buisness group people with the mobile wallet enabling them make fast and swift payments with limits, using subx cuts out the middleman which slows down the processing normal banks, with subx you can send payment within seconds the receiver and will able track with our own made block explorer giving you ease mind. solution subx aims bring the first million subx users allows users buy cryptocurrency anywhere anytime. this will make subx the world's largest 'decentralized' because the ecosystem and transaction records live the blockchain. subx allows for two customer use cases. enables users to: buy sell cryptocurrencies through pp. use subx goods anywhere any time and buy anything using cryptocurrency through the subx mobile wallet, subx consists of: subx mobile app once the mobile wallet has been fully developed will let the user have wide range options use for such buy more subx via the app even sell subx via the app for cash. will also allow you send payments from person person and track them app subx platform reference implementation stack including software and hardware that performs the full point sale (pos) device function i,e mobile application will have all the necessary tools you require fully complete your daily transactions tap button. effectively, subx will become: asia's largest used coin for day day payments .your very own crypto portable wallet. .an offline crypto exchange allowing for meeting people sell subx person. subx mobile app existing subx app/bot are expected promote the rapid growth subx once released. since october subx has been working the mobile wallet get circulated soon possible, when the subx mobile wallet released will available download the android app store for free and within seconds will also looking adding different markets the mobile wallet once has been fully developed such being able buy virtual currency for games even buying that special someone something with subx amazon time frame not easy task build mobile wallet there time frame set for month give the team developing enough time test for bugs and security flaws, then they will look implementing different markets onto the app for ease access. once has been fully tested will released all social media channels for download. subx payment request the app you will able request funds from customers sending them notification through app which will then allow them pay the owed amount for the product they have received you can even request payments from people you have met when you have sold subx privately making easier pay with just click button. subx platform starting with asia, our team aims provide retail outlets, restaurants and convenience stores with the subx mobile app allowing them accept payments cryptocurrency and opening there buisness wider range people who prefer use crypto for their daily purchases such. the subx mobile app will have extra feature for business owners allow them have more control what they can and request. for example there will extra option alert the customer what they need pay for there products. this will lot easier then messing with lose change trying find the right amount. the subx mobile wallet will save the customer and buisness lot time allowing for more customers seen quick and efficiently. subx blockchain every subx app will connected the subx blockchain via xplugins. result, each physical outlet part the subx blockchain allowing for tracking transactions and communities from all over the world will able connect with it. connecting the world subx will widely available from any part the world your devices computers but this isn't enough, plan allows businesses sell subx its customers for premium price allowing the buisness gain more attractions and allow the customers top there wallet anywhere they are. progress date subx has been launched the subx team which has already developed highly successful desktop wallet for the whole markets that have grown rapidly among the communities become some famous some parts the world. subx aiming become the largest known subsat coins the crypto community promoting new and old communities. subx also the first coin have stable blockchain that can hold trillion coins and wallet that can hold over billion coins one time, also the first coin have automatic paying airdrop bot its discord which major advantage which cuts down time and saving the developers lot time doing manually. roadmap develop stable subinvest coin with stable blockchain technology and wallet using the best software available also released with block explorer for user track transactions anywhere the world list subx onto exchanges that will bring many investors and communities who can use subx there benefit and for the there businesses, also developed (subx mobile wallet which you can send and request payments from any person while knowing your coins are safe all times while there with you. release subx mobile application the communities and approach businesses for trial runs and offer them the subx technology cost themselves allowing them have more confidence the system and allowing them open wider range customer. after trial run subx wallet businesses our aim fully distribute handheld systems the future where you can simplify scan generated code with your device allowing quick payment the person buisness your are acquiring the subx product off saving time. compliance legal compliance subinvest limited registered the united kingdom. adhere the united kingdom financial service authority rule complying with the virtual currency business's sector specific aml/cft guidance notes; digital data protection act; companies act transfer securities act and anti money laundering guideline notes; the subx team brewin (developer subx) brewin has had only years experience the cryptocurrency world but has continued show great commitment for subx and working bring the coin the big exchanges. brewin also the developer exist which was his first coin which continues develop alongside his exist team. discord: https://discord.gg/nqvs website: http://www.subxcoin.com/ (developer info kx) gerome has many years experience the cryptocurrency world and well known many communities for coding and coin building skills, subx wouldn't here today was for him breaking through the barriers coding allowing him develop the first ever stable blockchain for high supply coin also leading the first ever wallet stable hold over billion coins the first for the world. discord: https://discord.gg/wyxze website: https://cryptoinforum.com/ btcnomad (developer nmd) nomad also has many years experience with cryptocurrency's, without him sub would have site which would major downfall, with his skills has managed build completely new website for subx which major upgrade the old one. also updating the site everyday add new information make sure every community member kept date with there subx news. discord: website: nomadcoin.net legal ownership subinvest limited registered private limited company the isle man, which the legal entity that owns the subx payment app and also takes responsibility for subx distribution, management, disposal coin and other business activities. jurisdiction risks indonesia subinvest applications are distributed and promoted indonesia through google play and the ios appstore. they use subx technologies and coins. the indonesian authority has stated that cryptocurrency can bought and sold virtual goods. however, not allowed treated currency. will abide this rule. malaysia will actively seeking advice from the government malaysia the future participate digital payment. thailand thailand has allowed the trading cryptocurrency, and the country host several token and blockchain companies including omisego. thailand will our list target market. risks indemnity the information contained this offering memorandum (or white paper, hereinafter 'memorandum' intended only for the persons whom transmitted for the purposes evaluating subx coins offered hereby. prospective purchasers should not only rely the information this offering memorandum. strongly encourage purchasers their own research. persons are authorized give any information make any representation respect the project the coin offered herein and any such information representation must not relied upon. this offering private placement and not, and under circumstances construed as, public offering. subx coins are being offered reliance upon exemptions from the registration and disclosure requirements set forth applicable legislation. this offering memorandum does not constitute offer for sale securities for sale, nor solicitation for offers buy any securities. anti-money laundering (aml) purchasers agree that she shall not participate any money laundering, illegal currency exchange and other restricted activities any form via subinvest coin and other relevant derivatives (if any). each purchaser shall understand that she will restricted from selling, exchanging and disposal the subinvest coin and other relevant derivatives directly indirectly for the purpose money laundering. countering the financing terrorism (cft) purchaser agrees that she shall not participate any financing, exchanging and supporting activities for the purpose financing terrorism via subinvest coin and other relevant derivatives (if any). purchaser shall understand that she will restricted from selling, exchanging disposing the subinvest coin and other relevant derivatives for the purpose financing terrorism. purchasers' obligation due legality issues, this offering being made to, and subscriptions will only accepted from, persons resident citizen not following regions countries, including but not limited mainland china, united states, malaysia and other regions countries that forbid icos. this offering being made pursuant certain exemptions contained the united kingdoms designated business act. statement due the frequent changes the relevant policy, law and regulation, technical, economic and other factors, the information provided this offering memorandum might not accurate, reliable and final, and may change multiple occasions. the information provided for reference only. the team shall not responsible for the accuracy and legitimacy the information provided. prospective purchasers should not only rely the information this offering memorandum. encourage purchasers their own research. essence, this memorandum business proposal business promotion documents; shall not any case legally binding. the content stated this document just for reference, coin buyers shall take extra precautions. language this document may have several language versions, case any dispute; shall refer the english version final. confidentiality this offering memorandum confidential and has been prepared solely for delivery and review selected prospective purchasers the coin offered hereby. distribution this offering memorandum any person other than the person whom delivered and those persons, any, retained advise such person with respect thereto unauthorized, and any disclosure any its contents without the prior written consent the corporation prohibited. this copy the offering memorandum personal the person whom delivered and does not constitute offer any other person the public generally subscribe for otherwise acquire any the token offered hereby. this speculative project the offer subx coins this memorandum must regarded highly speculative due the nature the corporation's business and its relatively early stage development. purchasers shall understand the underlying risk. the purchase the tokens suitable only for purchasers who are able accept the risks inherent the project's business. addition, there are number other risk factors that should considered persons proposing purchase the subinvest coin. contacts email: exist-now@outlook.com discord: https://discord.gg/sxcjq twitter: https://twitter.com/subx?lang=en telegram: https://t.me/joinchat/aaaaaewnnasetugznww website: http://www.subxcoin.com/