cryptocurrency trading platform sweet for both beginners and advanced traders. white paper (v.) introduction you are reading this white paper, then you are undoubtedly aware the exponential growth that has occurred recently the world cryptocurrencies. during bitcoin's value increased almost and some newer cryptocurrencies saw returns during their icos. despite this unprecedented growth, assess that will another year explosive growth cryptocurrencies millions new investors enter the market. our goal the sugar exchange ensure that all investors, regardless experience level, can part this special movement providing the market's most usable, compliant, and secure exchange. current market challenges cryptocurrency prices have increased, too has public intrigue and investment. however, despite these inflows public capital, primarily cryptocurrency miners, venture capitalists, financial analysts, institutional investors and computer scientists that are reaping the lucrative rewards from the cryptocurrency explosion, while the lay investor gets lost the complex intricacies the blockchain. for new crypto-investor, navigating the complex ecosystem cryptocurrencies and exchanges incredibly complex and cumbersome. investor new cryptocurrencies must first execute complex verification process, only then divulge their sensitive payment information buy either bitcoin (btc), ether (eth) any the other limited quantities the large, established currencies (bitcoin cash, litecoin, etc.). after one these cryptocurrencies purchased, which takes upwards seven days, the investor then transfers this established currency another exchange purchase altcoins and diversify their portfolio. once this transfer clears, the user able submit orders for trades after calculating the predictive price one btc eth relative each altcoin. this first transaction cycle not complete until the new user decides which type order submit, which presents additional challenges market pricing discrepancies, liquidity, slippage, and arbitrage. assuming new investor can navigate this arduous transaction process, they still face security issues. while cryptocurrency transactions remain unprecedentedly secure due blockchain technology, holding cryptocurrencies exchange wallets remains unsecure. these wallets are managed the exchange and typically referred "hot wallets" user currencies are accessible online. hot wallets leave investors vulnerable cyber-attacks personally identifiable information, exchange account information, and the broad exchange database. typically, users will opt store their coins hardware wallet (commonly referred "cold storage"), but with diverse portfolio, user required maintain multiple wallets each with synchronizations, passwords, and private keys. because this complex process and lack security, the cryptocurrency investment ecosystem has primarily catered select investors who understand the nuance wallet security, currency price pairing, and the other intricacies crypto. the established exchanges, like coinbase, poloniex, bittrex, and kraken, all maintain these intrinsic disadvantages new investors their exchange platforms and cannot effectively fix these issues because already established infrastructure. the sugar exchange wants change that. the sugar exchange new exchange designed provide customizable, tailor-made trading platform meant optimize the experience traders all experience levels. for newer investors, our exchange will bring simplicity complex ecosystem and allow users confidently participate the booming crypto market. for experienced users who value speed, advanced trading capabilities, innovative features, and customized user experience, our exchange provides market leading security and exclusive cutting-edge features. the sugar exchange sugar exchange crypto-to-crypto trading platform that lists vetted utility tokens ensuring safe, secure, and compliant exchange environment. investors can trade these tokens with fiat conversions displayed for maximum transparency and easy trading. exploiting the underlying blockchain technology utilized cryptocurrencies, plan develop ecosystem that simplifies and accelerates the process cryptocurrency investment, while providing more robust security and liquidity features. the foundation our platform its development the azure cloud environment, the market leading cloud provider. azure cloud implementation provides multiple benefits: azure sql with database encryption for heightened security sugar exchange web and mobile applications blockchain integration with nbitcoin and nethereum libraries order maximize application development. with this strong developmental foundation, the sugar exchange will provide the features and functionality that will allow all users optimize their crypto investments. sugar tokens (smart tokens) the core the sugar exchange ecosystem are sugar tokens (sgrs). sgrs can used pay trading fees and will provide users discounted costs compared paying transactional fees with bitcoin (btc) ether (eth). but what truly separates sgrs their ability operate autonomously throughout the sugar ecosystem. smart tokens will have the authority make autonomous decisions and trade themselves based predetermined metrics users and ongoing market conditions. smart tokens will similar trading bot mechanism, but simplified allow utilization investors all experience levels. with these smart tokens, there need for external trading programs that sync the sugar exchange platform because the tokens themselves will integrated into the platform. programmed algorithms, and their underlying movement patterns, will formulated through communication between the user's profile, their sgr holdings, and the sugar exchange platform. sgrs will also provide discount users when accessing our innovative services the exchange, including accounting services, trading bots, and artificial intelligence (ai) trade recommendations. additional feature our smart sgr tokens their ability improve and expedite liquidity when trading multiple coins. sugar tokens will integrated within sugar exchange allow investors instantly convert all their holdings into sugar (sgr). user has investments multiple coins, rather than selling each coin individually through various cumbersome orders and paying the associated transaction fees, investor the sugar exchange will simply click "transfer all holdings sugar." users will then have conduct only single transaction liquify their holdings. investor interface the defining feature the sugar exchange investor interface customization based experience level and overall needs. there will three general user settings that investor can select: traditional, advanced, and expert. these settings will determine the layout the application order provide tailor made investing experiences each level cryptocurrency investor: traditional investor interface reduce the complexity tracking various coin prices, the traditional investor interface will convert all visible cryptocurrency values into either usd, eur cny based user preference. this display fiat currencies removes the need pair currency prices (the price btc eth relative another coin). additionally, users who select the traditional investor interface will able exchange cryptocurrencies without having place trade strictly coin prices. the interface will prompt the user for the fiat value the user intends convert and also prompt the user for the desired time which the trade should execute. this will allow investors place either limit market orders fiat currencies depending their predetermined criteria. furthermore, the process tracking portfolio growth will simplified all values are displayed their fiat value. essence, the traditional investor interface removes much the complexity price paring presenting transactional data terms that new cryptocurrency investor can understand dollars, euros, and yuan. another feature that will provided all users, but especially those using the traditional investor interface, integrated explainer videos. the primary barrier entry for new crypto investors understanding. our ecosystem will offer multiple levels video explanations effectively guide investors all experience levels through the crypto market. advanced investor interface the intermediate investor interface will similar many active cryptocurrency exchanges terms the various displayed data and graphs. the user will able place bids and ask orders, monitor ongoing trades, and view current coin prices relative btc and eth. added benefit our interface not typically included other exchanges will the display all fiat currency equivalent values for each coin. expert investor interface the expert investor interface will allow experienced investors optimize their trading with real-time trend tracking across different marketplaces. these trends will processed with predictive analysis through our platform, and ease access api will available for users wanting record raw data. additionally, this interface will allow users input their own algorithms selectively allocate and transfer funds between different currencies. innovative features and functionality accounting one the prominent issues facing cryptocurrency exchanges today accountability and the imminent threat regulation, especially from tax regulators. plan fix that. sugar exchange will allow users integrate their financial tracking and transactional history through quickbooks allow seamless cross-platform integration both the traditional stock market and cryptocurrency space. when sugar exchange user elects use our innovative accounting service, sugar exchange will utilize secondary software monitor trading history, including transaction metadata, gains, losses, and, most importantly, comprehensive accounting feedback the end the fiscal year. our secondary software will run black-box encrypted servers that are inaccessible from any outside person entity. the only person allowed receive this data will the user after two-step identity authorization. crypto-venture exchange initial coin offerings are revolutionizing crowdfunding for blockchain technology startups, but remains virtually impossible invest using cryptocurrency start-ups not directly focused blockchain implementations. many these companies have high growth prospects and significant social media followings, but there currently option for supporters invest the company. our solution the sugar venture exchange. this exchange will bridge the gap between traditional venture capital and cryptocapital allowing users invest promising start-ups using their cryptocurrency portfolios. automated trading preferences previously mentioned, our smart sgr tokens will have the ability perform automated trading the sugar exchange. for example, investor holding worth btc and has input trading preferences invest into cryptocurrencies that have the high exponential growth factors. after these assets have appreciated the user wants exchange back btc (this process will easily selected through the investor interface without requiring additional user inputs). this scenario, the smart tokens the portfolio autonomously execute the transaction cycle resulting loss conversions and delay from bidding. the sgr token works autonomously satisfy user parameters leveraging the sugar exchange ecosystem. trend analysis utilizing smart token for the exchange funds between different cryptocurrency portfolios will allow the sugar exchange platform track the success different trading algorithms real time, essentially giving sugar exchange pool experimental data analyze creating sugar's smart trading mechanism. this mechanism will implement machine learning develop the best trading tactics based upon investment patterns observed the sugar exchange. sugar's trading mechanism will available for use any sugar user. insured exchange funds through insuring traded and stored assets, exchange can manage the risk cyber-theft. current events the world cryptocurrency have left traders feeling uneasy the thought losing their funds hackers. industry catastrophes, such the mt. gox hack million, have more users looking secure their funds. sugar plans implement comprehensive insurance policy that will insure online funds, which are exposed the highest risk hacking. our insurance policy will cover employee dishonesty, money and securities forgery, and computer fraud. sugar will only store small percentage funds online, while the vast majority will stored offline "cold" storage with air-gap isolation, greatly limiting the likelihood theft. this insurance policy will ensure the longevity sugar exchange and its ability dependable trading platform. ease adaptive portfolio customization the sugar exchange ecosystem will allow users create their own adaptive portfolios setting trading preferences linked traditional stock market and crypto market conditions. for example, investor would like diversify portfolio taking positions the ten highest growth fintech cryptocurrencies, but understands that fintech has historically demonstrated higher volatility correlation with decline the dow jones industrial average. compensate for this trend and hedge investor b's risk, investor would develop multiple "crystallization patterns" (the sugar interface will seamlessly guide investor through this process) which the sugar his wallet automatically shifts during different market events. investor has selected our notional "crystallization pattern one," which moves his sugar evenly into the top ten fintech cryptos, and notional "crystallization pattern two," which moves his sugar evenly into btc and etc triggered predetermined market condition, then the smart tokens will autonomously hedge according the following parameters: "if the dow jones industrial average drops rate basis points per hour, then, assume crystallization pattern one, else, remain crystallization pattern two." although the logic this feature seems intuitive, other cryptocurrency exchange currently implements this technology giving sugar exchange users yet another significant advantage. will and testament cryptocurrency policy for our users who desire the ability name beneficiaries their cryptocurrency funds, sugar will offer beneficiary policy. currently, cryptocurrency's advanced security protocols have acted roadblock grieving beneficiaries deceased investors. many times, administrators exchanges and/or wallets can difficult contact, therefore the process attain access private key arduous. our policy aims remove all contention and ambiguity from the allocation funds from deceased user's account. the form will name the beneficiaries and their allotted portion the deceased's wallet. will stored the blockchain and serve single, immutable source truth. through this policy, beneficiaries will notified the deceased user's account and their claim the funds, thereby ensuring that the funds not undiscovered. beneficiaries will sent access the private and publics keys the wallet, ensuring seamless transfer funds. third party insurance product the sugar exchange will offering supplemental insurance policy its users. the policyholder will pay monthly premium and the event theft mishandled funds, the policyholder will recoup the value losses sgr tokens directly. this policy can purchased with the sgr token and will provide added layer protection our already secured platform. offline multi-wallet integration through sugar exchange, users will have the ability link their online exchange profile their offline, desktop multiwallet. sugar exchange will provide unique offline wallet for the user that will add additional technical benefits, such trend tracking and further authentication steps. for ease integration, current investors will also able link their personal multi-wallets their accounts order instantly move any cryptocurrencies from sugar exchange their desktop. this transfer will automated execute result economic event, temporal basis, instantly after each executed trade. once user disconnects, the wallet will become cold wallet, inaccessible anyone but those with physical possession. for security the exchange itself, only predetermined fraction assets will available online wallet, while the remainder remains cold storage. excess amounts cryptocurrency will automatically moved their respective cold wallets exhaustive security measure. each cryptocurrency the exchange will have its own online and cold wallets and cold wallets will maintained outside the system both physically protected and divided between multiple geographical locations distributed security network. sugar (sgr) token distribution sugar tokens (sgrs) are used pay trading fees and provide users with discount, when compared paying with bitcoin (btc) ethereum (eth). sugar tokens provide the same discount users when accessing our innovative services the exchange, including: accounting, trading bots, and artificial intelligence (ai) trade recommendations. token name: sugar exchange token symbol: sgr decimal: contract address: xcbabefecdbcfbdf total supply: development (%) team (%) founders (%) airdrops (%) marketing exchanges (%) the purpose the airdrop give away free tokens participants. after trading commences, the cryptocurrency market will determine sgr's value. the sugar exchange team does not take any responsibility for financial losses which may occur during the trading sgr, nor are accepting any outside investment for that reason. encourage everyone trading sgr seek professional investment advice. roadmap for phase (jan-mar) phase (apr-jun) press release with additional features (i.e. insurance, will, accounting, crypto venture) explore partnerships with established and innovative blockchain companies achieve regulatory compliance launch beta version sugar exchange phase (jul-sept) phase (oct-dec) sugar exchange ongoing development release whitepaper continue with regulatory compliance select countries crypto-to-crypto trading sgr limited select countries (us not included) announce new additions the sugar team (management, partnerships, and advisors) explore incentivized development partnership deals sugar exchange launches beta launch wallet integration (ios, android, desktop) announce partnerships full integration and functionality additional features trading bots insurance offerings will accounting crypto venture wallet integration strategic partnerships sugar exchange, are proud announce our ongoing strategic alliance with one the most highly esteemed providers financial technology products and services for the trading industry, modulus global. their company has provided advanced trading engines, platforms, and technologies for some the biggest names the financial sector including: j.p. morgan chase, bank america, credit suisse, barclays capital, goldman sachs, merrill lynch, and fidelity, list few. modulus' record provides with the confidence move forward into new technological endeavours that blend traditional with cutting edge. utilizing the current technology modulus' myexchange utility platform, sugar exchange will have much shorter period between conception and implementation. myexchange platform allows sugar exchange integrate vast amount additional benefits the user including two-factor authentication, optional sms text verification, high performance order matching, and advanced liquidity options. top this, users will have the option trade cryptos against fiat currency, futures, and equities all the same interface. modulus has used their decades experience efficiently process the most complex logic including complex orders, partial fills, cancels, rejections, and other complex order types like good-till-cancelled, one-cancels-other, and trailing stops, which will all possible through sugar exchange. lastly, all these capabilities are based upon extremely scalable architecture, the framework can expand hundreds thousands servers necessary due influx orders. the depth, breadth, and adaptability modulus will benefit sugar exchange immensely going forward, and prove mutually beneficial strategic partnership for both parties. legal disclaimer the purpose this white paper describe the intention the sugar exchange project potential users and token holders. the information within this document does not imply any contractual relationship between the user and the sugar exchange team platform. nothing this white paper shall deemed constitute any sort offering buy any securities any jurisdiction. certain statements claims within this white paper constitute forward-looking statements that are subject uncertainties, the actual events platform associated with sugar exchange may differ from the estimated results outlined this document. for more information www.sugarexchange.io info@sugarexchange.io