decentralized energy market whitepaper energy trading platform that utilises blockchain technology create new disruptive model for buying and selling electricity april contents abstract introduction. great opportunity. the vision how does work?. suncontract coins (snc). how token sale funds will used roadmap. conclusion references something think about the earth billion years old. let's scale that down years. we've been here for hours. our industrial revolution began minute ago. that time we've destroyed more than the world's rain forests. (greenpeace) this isn't sustainable. let make difference. believe sustainability isn't just trend. should not job left the next generation. see our mission. now and the future. abstract suncontract disrupts the energy sector with new business model, supported the blockchain technology. blockchain takes over the role the middle man technology infrastructure, which can trusted default since any and all transactions the blockchain are peerto-peer reviewable. suncontract platform that directly connects electricity producers and consumers into electricity pool based smart contracts, which new, exciting and positive approach toward peer peer electricity trading. suncontract's vision support global self-sufficient energy community based renewable energy and peer-to-peer energy trading based the blockchain and smart contracts. creating such ecosystem, suncontract would like contribute greater independence when comes energy. introduction suncontract project that connects three areas with enormous potential: electricity, blockchain and people. growth and development each these fields important for the quality our lives. but joined together into new, disruptive model energy trading, they have the power make our planet better place live in. supporting suncontract means supporting sustainability because brings together energy producers and consumers with common interests: save money and create decentralized, smart and clean future. electricity one the cornerstones for modern society function. households, hospitals, air traffic systems, road infrastructures, communication and financial service industries are all dependent electricity. the renewable energy market developing fast, due increasing energy demands and greater awareness climate changes. this consequently opens new and interesting opportunities. research bloomberg new energy finance shows that more than total investment into the energy sector will into renewables, which means that the total global investment will trillion which trillion will into renewable energies and only trillion into fossil fuel energy. this significant increase investments into the renewable energy sector, especially into wind and solar power energy; the latter two, according bloomberg, amount more than total investment into renewables. its current state, the energy market facing challenges the form centralized conventional power stations that often require high costs energy transmission over long distances. the existing electricity model with its infrastructure will not able cope with the increasing electricity demand that expected more than double change the model necessary with shift decentralized energy production supported renewable energy. there has already been some movement towards renewable and sustainable distributed energy systems recent years. let's look example from the usa and the research done rocky mountain institute. projections figure show that roughly the total power generated the usa was from wind and solar power. expected around and you add other renewable energy sources like hydro, geothermal power and biomass could high figure u.s. installed wind and real projected: transform solar power capacities and projections, total u.s. generation capacity offshore wind onshore wind (distributed) onshore wind (utility-scale) concentrating solar power rooftop utility-scale renewable energy obtained mostly from hydro, wind and solar power will definitely help pave the way cleaner, more sustainable energy future. figure shows the price and efficiency solar panels. clear that over the past few years the cost solar energy systems has dropped significantly, giving easier access affordable, clean energy. with renewable resources, energy production became more decentralized, local and moved closer consumption points. distributed energy system generates power on-site, the point consumption and therefore significantly decreases the cost, complexity, interdependencies and inefficiencies associated with transmission and distribution. figure panel efficiency panel efficiency increase and price panel cost, watt average efficiency (%) best line panel cost/watt decrease blockchain technology offers great potential too. fits perfectly into the renewable energy sector because enables direct (peer-to-peer) services closer consumers and producers and offers transparency and local energy self-sustainability. offer you the opportunity part suncontract. with this project could build the largest electrical power pool that will enable energy self-sufficient entities and financial benefits combining the best features two seemingly very different, areas. using the advantages blockchain technology disrupt services the energy sector innovative and thrilling prospect. suncontract dedicated to: create digitally-tradable crypto-token for energy trading; enable personal contribution for improving the global situation; support self-consumption and self-sufficiency; take the full potential local renewable resources; take advantage blockchain technologies; enable transparent transactions between producers and consumers through the pool, based smart-contracts; lowering costs reducing outright eliminating the role the middleman; strengthen the cryptocurrency network; connect people worldwide, borderless; take important step towards reducing global warming. suncontract project aims create sun-driven economy. our team has remarkable ideas how integrate blockchain technology into the energy sector, improve services and increase economic, environmental and social benefits. the funds gather will allow develop and implement variety innovations that are planning for this sector the near future. this truly big opportunity the energy market with the potential reward all participants; the consumer with lower costs and cleaner energy, producers with better compensation for the electricity they produce and suncontract the growth the network. opportunity our team has been active both energy and markets for years. are well aware opportunities and have the knowledge and innovative ideas for new perspective services that can implemented with blockchain technology. with economic growth and development the need for electricity also increases. estimation presented during the event horizon vienna (energy blockchain conference) predicted that years the existing levels energy will only suffice maintain the existing infrastructure, given the population growth and the fact that more and more products use electricity their primary source. and when energy storage and the automobile industry reach the break-through point, electricity consumption expected double. figure shows the increasing demand for electric vehicles, which will significant factor increased demand. there question about demand: huge. over and above that, there the gap between retail price and bulk price electricity consider well. average, only one third the retail electricity price the energy itself, the rest are different charges that increase your bill, such as; distribution charge, customer charge, state tax adjustment charge, twh figure power demand for electric vehicles; projection till twh twh consumer education charge and some others. introducing blockchain into the energy market means reducing costs diminishing the effect and cost the middleman. also means optimizing consumption and production electricity and thus transferring the added-value directly consumers and producers. the goal suncontract replace the existing middleman role with blockchain technology order connect independent power producers (supply) and power consumers (demand) through the suncontract pool via smart contracts. smart contracts are blockchain-based programs that aim provide trust and security superior traditional contract law and reduce other transaction costs associated with contracting while also saving lot time, since they are executed soon agreed all participants. when connecting the energy sector and cryptographic infrastructure, lot room opened for business process optimisation, well more transparent and efficient functioning within the energy sector. with this new approach, the retail price electricity can diminished and that gives opportunity reach sizeable market share. the vision our primary objective and long term goal energy peer peer trading (pp). but order achieve that level energetics, few other implications need addressed, starting with the suncontract energy pool. how the energy sector and blockchain technology fit together perfectly can seen through the following analysis: combining t's and d's the five t's represent the fundamental features blockchain that are crucial for implementation the energy market: trust transpare traceability ion arbon ion ion time stam ion tra ction rat ion trust with blockchain technology there need for trusted party oversee energy transactions any other services. rules are autonomously proposed and communicated. the use smart contracts enables all included parties trust the technology and not rely each other. this removes uncertainty and improves the service. transparency all transactions are public and once the blockchain cannot altered any way. this ensures healthy business environment for all participants, for energy producers and consumers alike. traceability every transaction written the blockchain can traced back the address from which was executed. the identity the users never jeopardy only possible trace the address and not the person behind it. time stamp blockchain also puts time stamp every transaction which means that you can any time check the exact moment transaction execution. transaction transactions made through blockchain are trustworthy, transparent, traceable and time stamped, which makes them better, cheaper and generally more efficient than existing ones. the five d's represent the features renewable solar energy that can achieved with the blockchain technology: digitization with digitalization electricity trading the blockchain becomes more flexible, transparent and traceable. decarbonization the rate decarbonization needs accelerated order achieve the greenhouse gas (ghg) emissions target set the u.s. and europe and order achieve this goal need increase the utilization renewables. deregulation the energy industry does not yet provide level playing field. conventional energy subsidized many markets and consumer segments. conducive policy framework prerequisite for clean energy. government energy policies should foster innovation well investment utility-scale technologies phase out carbon-intensive production facilities. the potential solar and other renewables can only realized with regulatory support the direction renewable energy and self-sustainability. decentralization decentralization the process redistributing dispersing functions, powers, people things away from central location authority. energy sector this definition fits perfectly and gives back power the people-literally and figuratively, enabling each and everybody make change for and themselves. democratization democratization energy supply facilitates access power well flexibility choose the source power. distributed generation electrical energy efficient mechanism democratize supply across markets. suncontract's disruptive model joins together the best features blockchain technology t's) and renewable energy d's) create entirely new service that will revolutionize the existing market! are reach level energy trading, need establish the platform that represents the basis. this why our focus directed the suncontract energy pool, which the first and most important step towards our long term goal. here present independent solar power producers opportunity join suncontract energy pool and provide clean energy power consumers that are connected the pool. how does work? will start developing new services which will optimise energy trading. firstly, will establish the suncontract energy pool. the idea join together electrical power producers and consumers and enable them trade electricity through the pool. after successful registration everybody can join the pool. but order actually trade electricity one would need obtain suncontract tokens (snc). snc's will issued the suncontract token sale software and energy licence use the energy pool. this simplified example how suncontract energy pool could work: consumer first all, registration through the mobile app necessary enter the pool. registration will fast and easy and will enable quick and simple smart contract signing. this all the consumer needs order start buying electricity from the pool. person already has snc from their participation the ico, she can simply use them obtain electricity from the pool. other users will have buy snc the exchange order buy electricity from the pool. the app will allow this transformation automatically. due huge potential electricity demand worldwide and competitive electricity price the pool, the demand for coins will grow constantly and with also their value. producer person has solar power plant and producer clean renewable energy. currently selling his electricity huge trading companies, where his position negotiate weaker. joining the pool, could get better compensation for his energy. receives tokens, which can then traded the exchange get fiat currencies. the app will have option automatically transform tokens euro, dollars any other currencies minimize the producer's risk. crucial aspect developing suncontract energy pool mobile app. suncontract already developing app order make user friendly and simple. order part the pool you have register through this app. once the registration complete you join the suncontract community and can immediately enjoy all the benefits offered, being power producer, consumer both (prosumer). suncontract tokens (snc) participating the token sale you will receive snc tokens. the only crypto currency accept the token sale ether, decided fix the amount sncs the ethers gather. the basis for token issuance set ratio sncs per eth. how many tokens you get depends the timing your participation. bounty the share the tokens for each bounty participant will big his her contribution. the more effort one puts into promoting suncontract, the bigger the reward. bounty will distributed for different participation methods, such as: signature campaign participants bitcointalk.org following and promoting suncontract twitter account publishing and posting suncontract blogs topic translating. early bird bonus decided reward early participants. the sooner you join, the greater the bonus that will appointed you. will use the following schedule: pre-sale; sncs for eth week sncs for eth week sncs for eth week sncs for eth week sncs for eth the price one snc will initially determined accordance with the amount funds raised through the token sale. after the token sale concluded, snc will also available the cryptocurrency exchanges, where the price will determined according market mechanisms. suncontract will issue many snc's needed cover all the eths gathered the token sale (the cap set eth). this amount tokens will then represent the base for issuing additional tokens for team members, bounties and referrals. the total snc's number will held token sale participants, the rest (%) will appointed the team developers, advisers, escrows, bounties and other costs token sale execution. offer boost the amount your tokens through participation the bounty referral scheme. new tokens will created after the token distribution finished. how token sale funds will used development marketing and sales operations legal development marketing operations legal figure ico funds distribution the funds will used for development, marketing, operations, legal, governmental duties and other expenses that will occur next few years and are needed for developing and running the project. the process token sale will start according the project start strategy. during the crowdfunding process, link will posted our suncontract webpage. will have full transparency regarding the amount and type funds gather our "scale gathered funds". later than days after the conclusion the token sale, our snc tokens will distributed token sale participants, which includessnc tokens reward. the token sale fails reach our minimum threshold, all funds will reimbursed. roadmap suncontract platform based phased approach, the suncontract platform will connect energy producers and consumers. users will able trade electricity directly; the final price and quantity will determined trading algorithms based auction clearings the blockchain. the producer and consumer will determine the bid and the asking price electricity, which they would willing sell buy, and trading algorithm and smart contracts will the matching and settlement. the minimum and maximum prices electricity will determined the contracts for electricity sold and bought outside the pool. during phase one, the suncontract platform will developed for direct selling, purchasing and balancing responsibilities. later, additional functionalities will added and upgraded the suncontract platform order cover ambitious objectives such operating the flexibility market, assets visualization across the value chain (substations, lines, chargers electrification heating). implementing the platform national level rules for trading, purchasing and supplying, contract signing, invoice issuing differ from country country. therefore, business process with user friendly interface that compatible with national regulatory framework will have accomplished. commercializing the platform once the successful implementation slovenia completed, our ambition export the country model feature, customized for the adopting country. the suncontract platform aims offer attractive services and products the context availability and future requirements. for this stage new level features for the platform will integrated, offering end-users the options easily engage into the flexibility market. decentralized energy market requires energy producers, consumers and load balancing. using advancements smart-grids, end-user customers the suncontract platform will also aid the balancing the electricity grid through demand response. for example, the agreements regarding the time frame for charging your electric car, the grid operator thus has more flexibility manage and regulate electricity flow. and for these services they could get compensation from grid operator. increasing the trading volume platform with renewables and energy storage investments into renewables and energy storage could increase self-sufficiency and flexibility the suncontract ecosystem and increase the trading volume inside the suncontract pool. platform users could themselves ensure the storage excess electricity during low demand and the option release demand rises. increasing the market share this stage, the platform will fully established and our ambition engage with new partners across the value chain, from academia transnational grid operators. would like them use robust business model while contributing broader use the blockchain within the energy market. further rvices development envision the blockchain enabling trusted environment for grid management with assets management, dynamic monitoring, coordination loads, micro-grid management, smart substation automation and metering management all having role play. the suncontract platform, through the pool actual partners and acting aggregate distributed producers and consumers, could enter into such services for providing grid capacity operation. flexibility market implementing the platform national level trading market flexibility market commercializing the platform commercializing the platform international level demand response services increasing the trading volume suncontract platform with renewables and energy storage increasing market share, acqusitions and expansions iii suncontract platform trading market further grid services development digitalisation assets microgrid management smart substation services metering and visualization phase phase phase conclusion suncontract employs international team with vision, expertise, innovative thinking, openness, management skills, marketing knowledge, developers coming from various backgrounds from it, energy sectors, finance, blockchain, and more. with blockchain technology evolving this rapid pace, see its implementation into the energy sector unavoidable. being the first the market, plugging the crypto-world into electricity great opportunity that you should not miss. welcome the electro-blockchain revolution. references bloomberg new energy finance https://www.bnef.com/dataview/new-energy-outlook-/index. html#section- rocky mountain institute http://www.rmi.org/rfgraph-us_installed_wind_solar_power_capacities comparemysolar ltd. http://blog.comparemysolar.co.uk/compare-the-best-solar-panelsyingli-market-leader-versus-first-solar-thin-film-versus-sunpowerhigh-efficiency/ bloomberg new energy finance https://www.bnef.com/dataview/new-energy-outlook-/index. html european commission: setis https://setis.ec.europa.eu/newsroom/news/business-usual-seeseu-miss--ghg-targets april