supercoin innovative pow/pos coin, with pow and pos superblocks, and with anonymous wallet features. the anonymous send done through supersend technology. what supersend? supersend anonymous send technology belonging the coinjoin catalogue. implemented natively for supercoin (and may used other coins the future well). supersend uses cloud de-centralized mixing nodes. these nodes use the same supercoin wallet client, only configured differently. the clients send coins mixing nodes, mixing nodes mix the incoming coins and also with their own buffer, then forward the coins the destinations. incoming/outgoing addresses are dynamically generated and refreshed regular intervals. this ensures the anonymity the coin transaction details. the mixing nodes will hosted initially supercoin dev team, and can also hosted credible mining pools. the anonymous send will directed these mixing pools wallet and mixed and then send its destination. basically the flow goes like this: (source) {xi} ..., m), then {yi} ..., n)->b (destination) where {xi} and {yi} are randomly chosen addresses from large pool dynamic addresses. the source amount from split randomly into parts (for now choose =-, but will configurable parameter), they are sent random addresses randomly chosen mixing pool. the pool, confirming the amounts received, will send the same amount parts the destination can changed, configured randomized). the result transaction not traceable (at least extremely difficult trace, given the large number addresses the mixing pool and dynamism the addresses). the future release supersend each node will exactly the same, any client will able perform the mixer function some minimum conditions are met. this will the fully trustless system. trustless system more complex, you have assume any party will fraud whenever can. designed great scheme handle this situation, with miniescrows, and multisignature wallet addresses and transactions. this the future supersend. now some details the mixing nodes. the following diagram shows details processing the mix pool. arrays the incoming/outgoing addresses are created and refreshed dynamically, and randomly chosen for each transaction. incoming and outgoing addresses balance their coins with predefined algorithms. how does supersend integrated with supercoin? supercoin made supersend very easy use. first, there are complicated configurations turn and off the supersend feature. just turn the coin control feature from menu setting->options the click display tab. select "display coin control features" checkbox. now you will see the "send coin" tab, the coin control features. you will see now the checkbox "supersend (anonymous send)" checkbox, the bottom the coin control. you don't have use coin control send coins. when you want send coins using supersend, just select the checkbox. very simple: based each send. supersend will charge fee (with super minimum). this fee provided mixer. also prevents scams with many small amount transfers. the fee will added automatically the required sent amount from sender's balance. the lower right corner the client, there newly added indicator for availability the supersend. the supersend enabled when you have connections one the mixers. this time the "s" icon displays green color. the "s" icon displays red, indicates that you don't have connections mixers, consequence the supersend feature not available. despite have few mixers different geographical locations, sometimes due various reasons you may not able connect one them. also provide additional secondary mixers, and you can add them putting the following the supercoin.conf, and restart client: mixpool (ip address) where (ip address) the address the secondary mixer. you can put multiple lines for different mixers. the "s" indicator displays yellow, this means the current supersend job process. you will have wait finishes before make another supersend. this yellow indicator will last for maximum seconds. just transition state. you try send during this period, error message will displayed. what about trustless system and de-centralized anonymous system? yes this our phase- plan. make trustless system, many details need done, especially algorithm that will "force" all parties behave correctly. today, several coins claim they trustless system anonymous wallet, for example, cloakcoin. but reading their "whitepapers" can ensure you that they don't even know what trustless system. let describe more details here. trustless system characterized the following rules: each party will the best they can gaining (e.g. coins). whenever possible, they will cheat gain advantages. they will not sacrifice their own benefits damages (e.g. cheat). they will damages even they don't gain anything (make others lose, but they themselves will not lose, they may not gain either). for system a->x->b, when arbitrary selected (can meet some minimum requirements), without using special measures (such multisignature addreses), this will never work. because a->x performed first, not obliged perform x->b next. can take all sent his own profit. similarly x->b cannot performed before a->x, because otherwise will not send anything why should since trustless system? some may say this governed the client software, long you use the software then there issue. this true. but who cannot guarantee that people won't use fake software just responding purposely the messages and collect free coins? true trustless system, whatever you do, you cannot gain make others lose without losing yourself. with multisignature addresses and transactions, true trustless system possible, but complex and not obvious. many seemingly "correct" algorithms are fact not working. for example, let's take look the following algorithm: client makes request randomly select for anonymous send. responds favorably and creates -to- address and sends makes deposit (equal the sending amount commission) the -to- address and also creates sending that amount x's address. sends the required amount destination will because wants commission, and already deposited and created sending the amount him), with transaction then signs the and then send the verifies and then sign receives the sending amount commission. this scheme seems fine, because deposits the coins first, and creates send has reason not send because wants his commission. after sending verifies all, and releases the fund but this not really working, because has obligation complete the last step. although will not able get his deposit (to -to- address) back, can make the lose the amount, (a) the coins already sent and (b) without his signing, will not able get the coins deposited. though cannot gain anything from this transaction, can cause damages others (in this case without losing additional coins his part. therefore this not working algorithm for trustless system. the great news that have already designed working scheme for the trustless system. course will not reveal this time. our phase- work good progress, and will provide more details the future. unlike many other coins, know what are doing, and follow good plan the success.