super edge edge computing token(ect) verson version release cont ribut ors lbert sky blue zishin lbert sky blue zishin albert joe chu edward adam tab con ackground current lim itations ect challanges the old compu challanges the ect solution technical core value arket opportunity the perfect meaning for market the blockchain market the apps market business use case technology overview background desktop computing the ect ibu verview roposition sid frastructure ... consensus tools ifi sid ect smart contracts match mak ing ect i-crit ria lin rke fra -ch blo rifi file tra f-o f-co the arketplace for cloud computing the loud computing market place ... computingas commodity ... ker ect tools mark lace the app store the mark road -ma stra teg (community edition mark net work (enterp ris editio fin anci als high performanc comput ing (enterp rise ditio token airdrop blueprint for ecentralized cloud com puting edge cloud computing, larger, faster and stronger, can deployed the cloud,everyone node network. the edge computing has the following characteristics: distributed and low delay computing edge computing focused real-time and short period data analysis, which can better support the real-time intelligent processing and execution local business, which more efficient because the edge computing distance the user, and the filtering and analysis data the edge node. ect leverages set research technologies that have been developed the inria and cnrs research institutes the field desktop grid comput ing. the idea desktop grid (aka. volunteer computing) collect the computer resources that are underutilized the internet execute very large parallel applicat ions fraction the cost traditional supercomputer. support equality for all, and everyone can become one our node networks. some nodes turn cluster. full nodes run cloud servers. each cluster separate calculate achieve the most efficient. ect developing new proof-of-contribution (poco) protocol, that will allow off-chain consen- sus. thanks the proof-of-contribution, ext ernal resource providers will have the usage their resources cert ified directly the blockchain. superedge allows open versions such services created its public chain, and then incorporated private networks the form building blocks. token holders ensure governance and allow developers customize meet their own needs. ackground the concept ect first appeared the end our current lifestyle (clothes, food, housing, etc.) has been grasped major companies using big data calculations. ect doing the same thing them, but hope that everyone can manage their own information data and not taken over others. will adopt node election method create huge ect community. everyone can control the node and upload the data the node other companies' databases. however, anonymous and will not revea our privacy, but can provide more convenient service for our lives. maybe you don't believe decentralization. will have more convenient, more transparent, yet more able protect our privacy the future. our lifestyle will undergo tremendous changes. this also the direction are working hard for! current lim itations blo lle blockchains like ethereum provide new way run decentralized applications (see dapps). ethereum allows programmers write smart contracts code executed blockchain virtual machine. this represents potential revolution the design and implementation services. investment, finance, crowdfunding, the internet things, insurance, forecasting markets, gambling, distributed data processing, and have essentially disrupted wide range centralised and fairy regimes. though they have unique outlook block chain calculation ability very limited, difficult run meshless applications: little storage capacity and very low efficiency the virtual machine and very high potential threat. eventually, blockchain technology will evolve overcome some these problems, but beyond the simplest applications, more capabilities will needed for all applications. tra lle the existing clouds cannot fulfill the requirements dapps that need fully decentralized infrastruc- tures for their execut ion. meanwhile, here growing demand for computing power from industries and scie ntific comm unities run large applications and proce huge volum data. the computing power run big data applications most often provided cloud and high performance computing (hpc) infrastructures. however, cloud and hpc infrastructures are complex and expensive. that means that innovative small businesses often don't have the means and the expertise acquire and operate hpcplatforms, while traditional cloud infrastructure vendors like amazon aws are still very expensive for demanding applicat ions (e.g. gpu rendering). furthermore, data centers consume massive amounts energy for running servers and the cooling systems. this not only costly but can have huge negative impact the environment. need new form decentralized cloud that can enable blockchain computing and lower the cost infrastructure usage. the ect solution vie ect will support emerging blockchain based distributed applications. the cost benefit achieved building decentralized cloud framework achieve high performance computing. decentralized cloud based blockchain will very low. access the most competitive computing infrastructure demand, security, and low cost.dapp will rely esc automatically search, find, provide, use, and release all composite resources. they need: applications, data sets, and servers. ect envisions new ecosystem that provides storage,computer farms, data support programs, network hosting, and saas applications, all which are traded through ect. decentralized zed cloud will open newmarkets for active use existing composite infrastructure. the amount energy required bring down operating servers and air conditioning systems, servers can pushed out the data center. through simplified interview with household, distributed cloud computing. this way, large small number data the center the environment, the same time more data close birth and consumer. ect addresses the needs all the decentralized businesses: dapp providers can perform off-chain computat ions demand. application providers can radically lower the computing costs their decent ralized applica-tions using safe, robust and reliable infrastructure. data providers can expand their potential market size integrating their services wit ect marketplace. server providers can monetize underused computing resources and increase the return investment their exist ing infrast ructure, seeking higher profits providing their servers the ect marketplace. exis rovid ect allows the rapid monetisation existing computing resources for home users additional monetisation for existing infrastructure providers like miners. functionalities like sharing spare cy-cles, using servers compensatory approach and usage resources from different providers without the hassle resource management allows new use cases and simple additional moneti- sat ion. lize lic ect will provide computing resources decentralized applications much lower cost than tra- ditional blockchain computing resources, helping them drive more value for heir cust omers. transparent reputation resource providers will reward reliable providers, with integrated qualit y-of-service controls providing the required level computing resources. support for different resource providers and full visibilit into part ial contributions from each provider will also contribut transparency. developing strong decentralized computing market network requires several technological breakthroughs: develop proof contribution agreement that provides verifiable consensus, traceability and trust, develop smart contracts obtain and provide computing resources and automatic payment after execution, develop technology that allows dapp access disconnected computing resources demand. develop internet technology that promotes and uses computer resources the marketplace, support the service-level consultation the use resource agents through consultation with them the status their use and the provision certificates clients and suppliers. ect would make the world's first decentralization platformdecentralized computing market the proposed settlement programme! arket opportunity the perfect time market the convergence several trends has creat the optimal business environment for decent ralized cloud infrastruct ure. the convergence several trends creates the best business environment for decentralized cloud infrastructure.the advent the blockchain proof device optimizes large number computing resources seek the highest return investment and provides sufficient resources for supply. smart contracts have reached the point where they can include all the complexit market network for decentralized computing resources, therefore vastly simplifying in- frastruct ure. addit ion tradit ional cloud computing users, new breed distribut applications coming into prominence, disrupt ing the incumbents and showing potential great promise for the future. the sum the nds justifie imminent go-to arket, orde take the cloud computing for dapps and ready scale with the increasing demand for cloud resources the years come. blo team with the highest ideal goal achieving self-worth, did not conduct ico financing like others, but used our own funds support the development the technical team. demand for distributed ledger technology, lower total cost ownership, encryption the money markets rose ceiling and first issued coins, increased demand for simplify business processes, transparency and immutability, faster transactions, well blockchaina service that considered promote growth. the market. royal bank canada (rbc) "capital markets analyst" mitch steve (mitch steves) report published january said confidently, encryption currency and chain block application maggie could increase times years, trillion. blockchain-based cryptocurrency will allow the creation decentralized versions value storage servers vices such dropbox icloud. the trillion figure represents third its current size. value storage market. the same time, cloud service providers are likely most affected. from blockchain technology, they can't adapt, there will negative impact. rke april chrismccann duper state university analyzed top-level decentralized applications (dapps) built the largest distributed application platform. the dapps currently deployed can divided into four categories:if dapps have been created globally, they are mainly divided into four categories: decentralized exchange ii. games (mainly collectible games, excluding gambling and opportunity games) iii. gaming applications iv. others (to reintroduced later) key implication his research that the top dapps each category are still very small. when studying "other" categories, the largest individual dapps this category are basically pyramid projects (i.e. pyramid selling) powh powm, powl, lockedin, etc. please careful. all these items are actually pyramid selling. compared with traditional consumer networks and mobile applications, the number these excellent dapps still small. even "top dapps" are not very large: according our rough estimation, cryptokitties only have independent users, with daily transaction volume compared with: another comparison point, even for the top apps google stores, there are more than downloads per day. (it's just download, not even deal.) further review dapp transactions tracked here also revealed some trends: more than half dapp transactions last week were only dapp transactions exceeded within one week. what stage are in, and what does that mean for protocols and ecosystems? based these data, personally have the following feelings: have long way get consumers adopt dapp. killer apps have not been created (except token and transaction). moreover, seems that the overall utilization rate "big" dapps (such idex, cryptokitties, etc.) low. all good dapps are still focused value speculation. decentralized exchanges, gaming, pyramid projects, and even the current collection games think) revolve around speculation. which applications (other than value transfer and speculation) take advantage the truly unique properties the blockchain (getting rid censorship, data tampering, etc.) and enable the real application the blockchain? developers for the new agreement, don't try convince the existing dapp developers your new platform build dapp try think what kind dapp agreement that suits you, and how help them get the real application. ecosystem, need build better tools and infrastructure for widespread adoption dapp. metamask great tool, but for most casual users, the initial step metamask still difficult. the reason: the average user not used logging into application extension. you are new user, addition downloading metamask, you need learn the basics the wallet, the public/private key, and sign the transaction. the most important thing that they need some the wallet store the etheric money can use the application, they either need the market buy the etheric coins, turn into metamask purse the etheric currency. all this hindrance trying out new dapps. understand why most dapps now only cater existing crypto-currency advocates, who probably already know all these steps. toshi, status, and cipher are steps the right direction, and i'm really looking forward building other tools simplify the user trial experience and improve general ui/ux for the average user. supplement take the situation dapp other than taifang dapp. take lbry and steem examples: lbry i'm not sure how much content they have their network, but you look their block browsers, they've done transactions the last hours. it's bit unfair given that they're still the early inner stage, but still have infer that their content networks are fairly small. the other hand, steem stronger than expected. here are some data: daily active users (dau) press releases per day daily comments were compared with the reddit: -monthly active users: million (if the percentage has not changed since the dau was announced guess about million daily active users) about copies per day about million comments per day ect has chosen focus first step its use strategy dapp, and imagine more valuable and more diversified password field application, the application will use its unique features. growing their journey, competing with traditional consumers for online certification applications. tra clo over the past decade, cloud delivery and consumption patterns have revolutionized the industry, evidenced the sharp rise public cloud services. its first overall prediction cloud opportunities, idc estimated the entire world's cloud revenues will reach billion more than double what they were the past few years have seen steady flow innovative services from key citizens. cloud service providers, including blockchain services, iot back-end data services, encryption services, serverless computing services and even new computing hardware services. ect will ident ify the areas where decentralized cloud market net work can best compete wit existing cloud infrastructure providers, and focus its effort these potential compet itive advan-tages. the team's speed-t o-market due comprehensive existing technological foundation will grant ect first move advantage positioning ect the go-t com puting provider for the decentralized applications the future. ect will allow traditional cloud services run new fashion within its decentralized network, enhanced the ethereum blockchain and the ect sidechain. this unique infrastructure will give birth the first global market for computing resources, which these sources are provide mix private data centers and public workers. rke the internet things rapidly expanding its potential transform the everyday lives smart homes, cities, farms and manufacturing facilities. the market has huge growth prospects. gartner predicts that billion internet-connected products will available worldwide developing solutions for the internet things requires unprecedented cooperation, coordination, each part the system, and connectivity throughout the system. all devices must work together and integrate with all other devices. all devices must communicate. and interact seamlessly and securely with the connected systems and infrastructure. unless there new way thinking and new ideas, otherwise possible achieve, but may expensive, time-consuming and difficult iot security methods emerge from the current centralized mode. fog corporation, the controland network, more like user's cloud-to-object continuity. the global foggy com-puting market has the potential reach more than billion worldwide according recent study openfog project research anticipates that adoption the fog-as-a-service model will init ially rail product-oriented approaches among early adopters, but that faas will grow represent more han one-third all deployments the outcome-based lease model grows familiarit and popularity. the cloud segment will grow from segment hare segment hare reach billion ect addresses bot edge and fog comput ing market since our open infrast ructure can also work with private pool workers. fog and cloud complement each other form service cont nuum between the cloud and hings, providing mut ually beneficial and int erdependent services. ect act ively part icipates elaborat ion standards and cont ribut building frame reference the fields fog and edge computing. so, ect hasjoined theopenfog consor- tium, thriving ecosystem organizations who share collective vision that fog comput ing key enabler iot and her advanced concepts digit world. openfog includes arm, cisco, dell, intel, microsoft, and princeton university, and has since grown into arobust organizat ion wit nearly membersfrom acrosst heglobe. ect's goal and role wit hin his consort ium accelerate deployment fog comput ing technologies, wit focus developing blockchain-based open architectures hat will support int elligence edge iot. ive will limit our review the competitive environment activities related blockchain, particularly those that provide the following items: non-linked computing, data hosting, and computing resources. several projects allow computing untrusted resources, such enigma truebit. while these pro-themes are interesting from research perspective, they tend rely heavily constrained solutions. their applicability, such multiparty computing. ect, contrast, has low contribution and can integrated with any legacy application library. ect does not compete with blockchain based online storage solutions such storj, filecoin, sia. instead, ect allows the use data sets monetized, that is, data access for specific applications. oraclize acts intermediary between smart contracts and data sources ensure that others not push the wrong data smart contracts. the most basic technique find synergies. few projects provide computing resources through blockchains. grid creates encrypted currency based calculations provided boinc-based volunteer projects, largely limited altruistic contributions science projects. and have the same wish apply the new interconnection network infrastructure for block chain initiation. however, their respective marketing strategies are slightly different. the objective set network first. for attract the issue the adamantly dye users their platforms, nearly right from the beginning, from the side edge and first concern backing compose build full astern cloud. the end, there will enough competition attract cloud and users. important feature ect the interconnection applications, services, and data. and computing resources. this use case, efast uses data and computing resource providers. through block chain technology. data provider data important source business, technology and scientific innovation, which has led the development clock-based data warehouses such ledgy.com and keiko.com, archive called "cry". currency exchange data. ect will enable application provider efast connect data provider kaiko.com, enabling efast run based specific user-defined combinations. .business use case: efast sor microsoft azure, distributed cloud service providers, such calculation qarnotim ent erorsgy, block chain mining companies, such genesis mining, they always seek optimize their resources profitability, for example, through the operation calculation and mining block. user may choose the sequence applications used, the data source, and the source funding. after that, the program sequence, data and source shall expressed the intellectual energy contract the block chain, insert our banner. .technology overview grid desktop grid computing includes several features that make good platform for fully distributed cloud: recovery power: the node fails, the calculation continues other work nodes. efficiency: applications can achieve excellent performance even the compute node highly hete. easy deploy: allows the use any node without specific configuration, even those the edge the internet resources are available from classic high-performance computing clusters, cloud infrastructure providers, and home pcs. the past decade, many distributed com-puting technologies have been developed: mpich-vfor parallel computing, bitdewfor large-scale data management, spequlosfor pro-vid. service quality meets application execution, first implementation mapreduce internet computing, and on. have gained unique expertise make desktop grid technologies work and can used variety scientific and start-up and innovation industries. the ect team demonstrated the applicability the technology many scientific fields: physics, biomedical research, mathematics, financial algorithms, material research, rendering, etc. understand their needs and needs from biomedical and electronic health departments, design mvp and poc. the emergence blockchain the key factor that triggers our ultimate motivation. eli led the ect program. knowledge and experience gained through exploring, inventing and building the internet distributed computing infrastructure key part creating distributed clouds for distributed applications based blockchain, and the basis developed technologies ensures distributed computing infrastructure. quick marketing time and timely project completion. sid ect relies blockchains coordinate computing resources' access distributed applications. this approach has led some innovations classic blockchain technologies particular, consensus agreements prove contributions and side chains particular area. f-o f-co rib ... traditional blockchains, such btc eth, rely work certification protocols, and the token transactions that occur the blockchain between participants are made large number nodes that use password challengers. that happens outside the chain block (e.g., provide the data set, transfer files, execute computing give human expertise) will lead symbolic transactions between participants. this means that new protocol needed prove that contributions occur and that corresponding token transactions can occur the blockchain. call some kind consensus proof agreement contribution. there are several similar protocols [filecoin, grid coin, fatcom] that allow the establishment protocol between primary chain and off-chain resource. gridcoin, for example, offers proof. the research program rewards volunteers who donate part their computer time great scientist. calculate [boinc], such biomedical research. ect building decentralized cloud platform with application providers, data set owners, and owners. for computing resources (workers) and users, the ect token can used evaluate their assets. although the platform can compared with the existing platfo rm, ect, completely decentralized nature means that don't need trust any single agent, the agent need incentives participate straightforward. this context, poco(used prove contributions) protocol developed ect. describe the interactions between different agents and take advantage features such incentives for builders and incentives. the ect platform requires two entities work: market where agents present their resources and trade ect tokens. distributed computing infrastructure based middleware, xdiveweb-hep. poco acts link between the two entities. once deal reached, poko will reach consensus. will verify the different contributions the staff the middleware. when consensus based the calculation results, poco triggers related transactions that occur. the market. mentioned earlier, different agents have different roles and different incentives. the protocol itself allows the following agents listed first: workers: they are individuals companies who own comput ing resources and are willing make them available for comput ation tasks against payments rlc. similarly blockchain miners, hey want simple solut ion that will make their computer part large infrastructure hat will ake care det ails for hem. worker pools: worker pools organize workers cont ribut ions. they are led scheduler, who organises the work dist ribut ion. they can either public and federat resources from anyone private and try optimise management specific hardware. while not doing the act ual computation, hey receive fee for the management the infrastructure. they compet attract workers, which they achieving efficient manage ment which guarant ees the income workers. app providers: they deploy applications ect platform. those applications can dapps using full pot ent ial blockchain-based decentralized cloud legacy applicat ions which could benefit from ect decentralized cloud. they can make heir applicat ions avai- lable for free ask for fixed fee for each use heir application. dat aset providers: they own valuable dat aset and are willing make hem available, secure paradigm hat protects their ownership, against payment rlc. users: they are individuals smart contracts paying for the execut ion tasks, wit wit hout specific datasets, using the comput ing resources workers. they want sure that result hey receive are correct the ect hub market place: this smart cont ract deployed ect, and without privileged access. acts escrow for different agent ake and ensures securit and transparency all transact ion ect ecosyst em. the ect hub &market place decentralizat ion, securit and confidence are ensured blockchain technology. all hers agents are considered pot entially malicious. the design poco's oversight all transact ions between agent done such way hat creates rong economic incen- tives behave correctly. this makes ect much more than other conventional cloud providers giving capabilit organising rust computing platform infrastruct ure untrusted agents. not only this trust building process interesting feature have, essent ial providing any result blockchain users and smart cont racts. ifi sid ethereum allows code executed the blockchain using smart contracts great advance for blockchain technology. however, dao attack hackdistrib] has shown hat dealing wit smart contract complex issue, especially when everyone allowed deploy them. prevent poten- tial security issues, ect will follow more restrictive approach: domain specific sidechain. domain specific sidechain also means that will adapt blockchain meet requirement distribut infrastructure management.there might the case where transact ions would arrive "en masse" (i.e. tasks submissions) case where low latency (communication/ acknowledgement) re- quired. this case, relying sidechain with specific capabilities can allow process these events. for josh ark, co-founder the projects working build the ethereum infrastructure and ex-pand capabilit ies are commonly referred scaling solutions. these take many different forms,and are often compat ible complimentary wit each other. "cryptoeconomic consensus gives core hard kernel certainty--unless something extreme like attack happens, know that on-chain operations--like payments, smart-contract s--will execute written.the insight behind layer solutions that can use his core kernel certaint anchor--a fixed point which attach additional economic mechanisms. this second layer economic mechanisms can ext end the utilit public blockchains out wards, lett ing have interac- tions off the blockchain that can still reliably refer back that core kernel necessary", explains josh stark. many layer scaling solutions are currently being developed, each offering specific tradeoff between speed, finality, and overhead. among these, can cite stat channels, plasma, raiden,poa and parit bridge, cosmos, etc. ect will rage dom ain spe cific side chain lower the costs gas ethe reum, while choosing solution differentiating itself its applicabilit other main chains. ..e smart contracts :ma tch making mat chmaking algorit mat chmaking] used dist ribut syst ems pair resource request wit resource offer according heir description. when designing distribut cloud, the matchmaking algorithm essent ial building block resource provisioning. basically answers question: can run this task his machine? envision ect blockchain ore smart contract describing comput ing resources charact erist ics, such for example amount ram, cpu ype, disk space. that means hat some contract will describe requirement for running task deploying inst ance (minimum amount disk space, ram, gpu runtime requirement,expected hypervisor c.). mat chmaking contract will pairing, possibly implement ing different kind policies. several mat chmaking descript ion languages have been described scient ific art icles and implemented software. ect eam plans design and adapt simplified version well-known and tested classad classads] that powers the condorhtc distributed system, developed the universit wisconsin. ect i-crit ria lin distribut syst ems, scheduling algorit distribut set asks execut set computing resources. the scheduler key component any distributed computing systems, the performance the application execution mainly depends its effectiveness. part icular, challenge design multi-criteria scheduler, i.e. algorithm that has several strat egies select comput ing resources and schedule the tasks. for instance, one customer may want minimize the price even the computation takes longer time, while another customer may want the best performances even higher cost. the ect eam has developed advanced mult i-criteria scheduler mult icrit sched] which allows customers define heir own preferences based criteria such cost performance, trust reliabilit and energy efficiency. ect will adopt simplified version this scheduler. ..e fra there still hereum framework manage market allowing users put offers and demands stored and updated dynamically. ect will develop simple api regist bids and set emplat contracts easily deploy cust omized market ect will also provide web user interface and the javascript code hat allows int eracting with the cont ract and easily placing orders. -ch result checking process that verifies that result has been correctly computed unt rusted node sarment a], and here exist several approaches implement ing however, exist ing methods (replication and vot ing, spot checking, reput ion etc.) have been designed wit assumption hat the comput ation were done for free (ignoring economic perspect ive). ect will develop new result checking algorit hat leverages blockchain and smart contract feat ures. this approach, users will able choose business part ners from market based heir provable reputat ion and established budget this will enable for example escrow ype mechanisms, where payment for execut ion will de- ferred until result has been certified. this mechanism can also coupled wit reputation system hat ored blockchain and enables platform only run redundant comput ions for less trusted nodes, great reducing required resources and price comput ing. rifi file tra likely hat commercial cont ent distribution will one biggest funct ions dist ribut applicat ions using the ect blockchain. this would for example mean customers paying for high value dat asets (like genet financial data) using smart contract hat would give hem access data. ect will guarant that cont ent provider was actually able provide the file, and confirm hat the file has actually been downloaded before processing payment herefore protect ing the dat recipient. ect also protects data providers against malicious downloaders, who could pretend that the file transfer didn't succeed order reclaim payment because ect will only aut horize signed smart contract deployed the blockchain, form governance necessary consider, such peer reviews, and sometimes revoking smart contracts. smart contract should include: proposit ion describing cont ract, writt similarly rfc standards, the code smart cont ract associated wit description. eventually, distributed standardizat ion body will collaboratively evaluate and elaborate the smart cont ract proposit ions. f-o f-co order demonstrate the potential the platform and demonstrate its technical feasibility, have prepared several proof concept the basis the technology have developed. there are number commercial and research distributed applications that are well suited the ect platform that provide not only low cost but also high scalability performance. the following are just some new examples that have been integrated into the poc platform that can used immediately: video transcoding: ffmpeg, complete cross-platform solution for recording, converting, and streaming. audio and video. physical simulation: the high energy beam beam interaction analog electronic collider plop, guinea. digital signal processing (dsp) university westminster. physical calculation (isdep) fusion, solving the dynamics fusion plasma. audio analysis: dart, distributed audio analysis and music information replay framework optimization algorithm: bnbss, different types deterministic and heuristic optimization algorithm for solving global optimization problems. will test the principal architecture using blockchain-based cloud computing, off-chain computing, and its high scalability. .the arketplace for cloud resources clo rke ... clo ect int roduces new paradigm cloud comput ing: will allow the rading computing resources commodit ies; same way may observe wit resources such oil, gold rice. understand the benefit global market for comput ing power, let draw comparisons with oil market when you are stopped gas stat ion, filling your car wit oil, you have litt idea where that oil comes from how arrived that gas pump. there entire industry behind the scenes, that has standardized the whole process from petroleum extraction, processing, trans- port and delivery, and event ual utility being consumed vehicles. now take the example application developer. developer needs resources too, the form computing power from cloud vendors 'fuel' his applications. however, contrast, they not have the luxury benefiting from organized and global market with abundant choice vendors and competitive prices. let imagine you are driver same situat ion, wit choice but fuel car the same way developers fuel their apps. being driver this case, you would have call specific iranian ve- nezuelan ext ract organize oil transport direct your car.what's worse hat because each oil company produces its specific oil without standardization, the driver would probably have process 'transform' the oil that compatible wit his car. today, this the situation developers find themselves in, the current age cloud computing. therefore, entire infrast ruct ure must changed. our vision with ect cre ate the first global market for computing resources. rke computing resources will have possibility integrat int ect network, making first decentralized cloud that able execute any ype applications using (almost) any ype resource. any machine will able become "worker", i.e. gett ing paid rlc for execut ing appli- cat ion tasks. workers will organized worker pools. each worker pool managed scheduler, whose responsibilit distribute tasks workers. thus, worker pool somewhat similar what know 'mining' pools. individual miner oft joins mining pool maximize heir chances gett ing reward comput ions. similarly, worker, you would join public worker pool that will make sure that has sufficient workload distribut interest ing feat ure hat several public worker pools will compet herefore allowing for best possible qualit service. worker, you swit different worker pool, you will ill able maintain your reputation, bringing 'wit you' new pool, this all recorded the blockchain. the marketplace, you will also find what call privat workers pools, where all machines are provided single cloud provider running his own scheduler. already have sealed agreement deals wit several cloud companies area 'green it' hat offer more sust ainable approaches data centers. what does change for developers? piece 'work' now defined triplet: applicat ion, dat aset and worker pool. means hat ever dapp can now have access unlimit off-chain comput ing resources just specif ying his triplet. developers simply have deploy heir legacy applications (as docker containers) and dat asets, and connect exist ing worker pool. rke thanks ect market place, users will able view all different worker pools, available resources, prices for using hem, and on. based hese different offers, users and developers will select the corresponding pool execute their ask. the market place implement smart cont ract and already part our 'poco' prot ocol. the market place provides easy-t o-use int erface hat users and developers can see how market and ecosyst dynamically evolving. pay-p er-task (ppt) make this market possible, have change the way pricing done radit ional cloud computing.with awsfor inst ance, you use particular instance, which have known charact erist ics for some time. hence, the common way pricing usage the renting instance per hour, depending the zone. such method cannot used build global market place, because resources will come from many providers (including int ernet users) and hus will very het erogeneous. address this issue are int roducing new method for pricing hat call pay-per-task, and have defined several ask cat egories hat describe execut ion boundaries. we'll art with very simple definition for task categories, namely wall clock ime reference machine and amount data transferred. we'll setup test infrastructure that application developers can evaluat cat egory heir submissions. conversely, worker pools will able benchmark heir infrast ructures against reference machine. later, we'll refine cat egories, and provide more advanced tools for helping developers maximize the usage the infrastruct ure. dap the decentralized cloud opens the way whole new generat ion applicat ions based the hereum blockchain. these decentralized applicat ions are referred 'dapps'. design, the capacit the ethereum blockchain limited applications with very low computation requirement ect increases the computing capacity for all hese new decentralized applications. the journey becoming cutt ing-edge cloud network, ect has launche first-e ver dapp ore for decentralized applicat ions mid-dece mber target sectors will art ificial int elligence, big data, iot and fintech-based applicat ions hat require int ensive computing power. all the applications built top ect will list dapp store. users will able browse hrough exist ing dapps and use heir favorit es, while developers can submit heir own dapps and earn money hey wish monet ize hem. the dapp ore can seen collection applicat ions spanning all use cases. these apps are curated and classified into mult iple categories. applications are ranked following heir reput ion, and users can discuss and leave comments each dapp page. this dapp store connect the cloud computing marketplace, well the dat market- place, realizing riptych hat will power new generation powerful dapps. providing platformfor dapps with open marketplace model important step towards decentralized economy.we are proud strong act being able deliver product feed this trend. order boost development applications blockchain, ect will organize regular challenges aimed funding most innovat ive and impactful applications relying ect cloud resources. the first edit ion the dapp challenge has reserved prize pool support most promising proposals received. today the world big data, massive dat asets are wait ing urned into value. facebook and google well, but ect believe his can done anyone, which why will build marketplace connect those that have data those that don't have it, but would like leverage applications running ect will able make use ocean data heir disposal. the dat marketplace allows anyone sell data, whether application hat accumulat data, big corporations individuals. data can span from wide variety fields such financial data from ock market user behavior data from e-commerce websit anonymized medical data from hospital. applications can then buy and run algorithms his new tap data, relying decentralized comput ing resources provided the cloud market place. toget her, the ect cloud marketplace, dapp store, and dat marketplace represent hree bricks tript ych hat will power blockchain-based decentralized applicat ions and beyond. .road map achieve our goals, developed the following implementation roadmap according several fun- ding levels. with minimum funding btc), ect will deliver initial market net work that allows mo- net ize applicat ions and servers. with maximum funding btc), ect will gradually develop the market net work including data providers and hpc applications, hen establish recurrent sources revenue ect. -to -ma will develop versions product (vto that correspond steps terms go-t market strat egy. communit edit ion (v) feat ures create open-source software that allows build decentralized cloud. ent rprise edit ion features est ablish full market net work profitable for wide range businesses. research edit ion (v) feat ures make serious advances that can address wider opics han cloud comput ing (iot, fog/ edge comput ing).with the minimum funding btc), ect will deliver initial market net work that allows monet ize applicat ions and servers. wit maximum funding btc), ect will gradually de- velop market net work including dat providers and hpc applications, hen establish recurrent sources revenue ect. (co the essent ial version aims provide dapps running hereum blockchain access off- chain comput ing resources. this essent ial step blockchain computing allows broader range applicat ions run blockchain. moment, gas mechanism provided hereum blockchain makes execut ion algorit hms wit comput ion and/ memor requirement rapidly cost and performance prohibit ive. thanks essent ial version ect, dapps will have simple, secure, and prac- ical way reach off-chain comput ing resources execut heir applicat ions. this end, essent ial version will provide smart cont ract api for ask execut ion. our proofof-concept, have already bridged ethereum wit remweb-hep deskt grid middleware. the bridge monit ors task smart contract, and when transact ion detect ed, triggers comput ion off-chain computing resources. when computation over, the result sent back the smart contract. avoid part securit risks, infrast ructure will only include trusted computing resources. also, his version, resource payment scheme will considered yet .the essential version will arget initial number dapps, whom consider our fut ure early adopters. ect will provide set in-house applications, and will provide support for early adopt ers hat want deploy their applicat ions ect. (en ris his version build market net work, first addressing the application providers and server providers. int roduce pay-per-task scheme that allows payment from task smart cont ract application and server providers. ect users can access market net work launch compute intensive applications different ways, e.g. api, gui cli. application pro- viders can decide payment scheme through smart contract api. this version will arget the classic comput intensive open-source applications wit very large user base part icularly rendering (like blender, luxrender), biomedical research (like blast aut odock), mathematics (r) and finance for which already have significant experience. with respect ser- ver providers, focus will establishing partnerships with infrast ructure providers, such smaller cloud providers, individuals and miners interest rent ing heir server farms, mining rigs home servers. through pay-per-task scheme, this version opens first revenue stream hrough agreement wit approved resource providers. this very beginning doing business bet ween providers monet izing heir resources. the usage ect comput ing service will expand, making the business wit hin net work market grow. rid lic riva (en ris this version includes key feat ures for enterprises widely adopt ect market net work providing hem with full control over the privat public employment heir resources. well grounded the needs industry, designed mvp (minimum viable product), int erviewing art companies from lyon biopole healt hcare innovat ion compet iveness clust underst and how they would int eract with distribut cloud. thanks this study iden- tified three mandat ory requirement dat must reat wit least same import ance comput ions, clear dist inct ion between public/ privat access resources. for example, privat resource can only accessed the propriet ary company restrict set rust part ners. conversely, public resource can handled any host have clear vision cost vs. performance when provisioning computing resources. first glance, designing syst which provides hese hree feat ures challenging fully decent ralized infrast ructures. fort unat ely, already have strong research results and pract ical experience each hese three areas. this version will target dat providers, allowing them join market network. moreover, broader range ent erprises will able start shipping their applicat ions and dapps hrough ect. wit this version, market network will allow several direct connect ions bet ween different resource providers. this version strengthens the revenue ream ect allowing new revenue models conceived for dapps requiring higher level rust and qualit y-of-service. these applications will benefit from dedicated environments using selected resource providers, well specific qos features hrough performant sla. rfo (en ris this version allows miners join ect market net work server providers, and provide their cust omers wit true supercomput ing capabilit ies. the moment, mining farms monet ize heir gpu resources comput ing blockchain consensus. through ect, hese providers will gain access new market blockchain-based hpc applica- tions. his, the providers will offered the opportunity bett exploit heir vast amount comput ing power and ext end heir businesses. for instance, genesis mining operat largest hereum mining farms, which are composed tens thousands gpu cards, all together represent ing considerable computing power petaflops). for the first ime supercomput ing conference (sc), along wit act ors the domain (jenhsun huang, ceo nvidia and marco streng, ceo genesis mining), init iated clear synergies between hpc and blockchain computing. this ect version will provide all the technology building blocks make this happen. addit ion miners, ect hpc version will ext end applicat ion providers pool gpu-based applicat ions. these applicat ions address deep learning, rendering, comput ational fluid dynamics, molecular dynamics, finance, and many more. we'll put focus deep learning applicat ions be- cause incredible fast growing usage, and because actors are already keen using gpu cloud comput ing for that. this version aims ext end previously exist ing revenue models based int egrat ion advanced ent erprise feat ures hat bring higher value providers. rib clo (re the goal his edit ion allow new usage ect beyond distribut cloud. this will clear step further blockchain comput ing, dapps will fully autonomous applicat ions, able provision resources, dat and applicat ions direct from the blockchain fully decentralized way. his end, it's necessary int egrate several soft ware and prot ocols hat are emerging now, hat may developed during course project like devpp, swarm, uport etc. combined wit full development the proof-of-contribut ion, his will open new areas the field serverless services, direct host the blockchain. will also necessary design new consensus prot ocols able handle ect workload. plan lead those researches partnership with recognised research labs europe and china. this will open the market network new applications specifically deploye ect take advantage the dist ribut cloud: iot, fog/ edge computing, smart cit for inst ance, recent study shows that elecom companies (at&t, verizon, huawei, orange ...) can halve heir infrast ruct ure costs distribut ing small data-centers along heir network point-of-presence. ect will building block for such approaches. platform increases complexit ect will provide advanced met hod for deploying ect ready dapps, making the "heroku/ docker for blockchain computing". thus, new revenue stream will gained offering hassle free deployment and development platform top the market network. fin anci als ect will generate revenues from different sources: part nerships with resource providers (v) and application providers (v) providing private mode for applications/ data/ servers (v) providing advanced services for dapps (v) monet izat ion possibilities from ect dapp store advanced financial services cloud resources the funds are planned cover four years development and operational costs and will have three main operational divisions: development and maintenance ect platform, the marketing and expansion ect marketing networks, academic cooperation support the most advanced research projects this field. air drop ect tokens will used access resources provided the market network. will unique way payment for application providers, server providers and dat providers.