super game chain game chain disrupt the game ecosystem table contents abstract .background global gaming market size current game industry ecosystems and problems opportunities sgchain advantages about sgchain open source code security stability cross-platform, multi-lingual support multi-cryptocurrency support profit model affiliate rewards official site and games sgchain developer platform sgc-based game development and access introduction other tokens development roadmap/milestones technical solution system framework team sgc token release plan purpose sgchain token benefits sgchain token release plan fund distribution operational stages disclaimer and risk statement disclaimer risk statement .abstract super game chain ("sgc" "sgchain") organic game ecosystem built decentralized smart contracts for indie and other developers get invested, reviewed gamers and other investors, for gamers invite, interact, and gift each other, for game influencers interact with developers and gamers more closely, for investors invest based real marketing acceptance, and for advertisers provide native and natural ads the right audience. believe blockchain will empower disrupt the current gaming industry and solve some pain points today's ecosystem. our mission harness the blockchain technology and ride this wave rebuild this organic, healthy, mutually beneficial, co-existential ecosystem. there will two main products the sgchain: our main public chain that's built the latest and fastest blockchain algorithm. the disruptive sgchain ecosystem. for developers, sgc can help them raise fund, fix the prevailing issues the current gaming industry such fraudulent ads clicks and fraudulent payment, well inconvenient, inconsistent, expensive payment systems. sgc will also provide complete economy system that ensures better income for developers. sgchain will provide the ico smart contract global game developers facilitate the trading the ingame currency with the sgc currency, and make the currencies different games interchangeable via the common sgc coin. for gamers, this will fun, fair, private, safe, and profitable powerful game world. for advertisers, this will put you front your curated target audience most native and direct way. investors can also benefit from the ecosystem that the early stage user participation game project will provide insights future game projections, and hence help them make more accurate and risk-less investment, well helping them getting returns much shorter term than traditional investment. the cross-platform sgc will launched the global market support multiple languages. the ingame premium currencies all games the sgc ecosystem can purchased with sgc. and thus interchangeable with the currencies other games seamlessly and smoothly. the meantime, sgc support will also serve open world sandbox game. can also support different genres games, such casino games, casual games, mmorpg, etc. any investment from american, chinese, singapore individuals will not accepted. .background global gaming market size there were more than million global users steam platform and their revenue already hit billion dollars annually. now have around almost seven billion global population, which means there are still hundreds millions people out there due different payment system still under internet infrastructure development. wanted connect all the players and developers around the world through sgchain. the recent report shows that the total revenue global gaming software and hardware will exceed billion dollars and the entire game trend shifting toward the mobile market. not only that, ar, and games are also fast-growth markets, current game industry ecosystems and problems it's difficult and lengthy battle for developers fight uphill just bring their games front their target gamers. can see many problems this competitive gaming market: monopoly dominating the gaming industry. take look snapshot one day's revenue appstore: source:https://medium.com/@sm_app_intel/a-bunch-of-average-app-revenue-data-and-why-you-s hould-ignore-it-beadfc it's getting more and more difficult raise fund. fraud advertisement makes the cost user acquisition higher and higher. developers revenue seriouly affected the fake payment. payment difficulties cause the game limitation for users, also affect the game flow and developer revenue. there are many creative indie-games out there. however, they cannot survive such competitive environment. many companies are forced shut down the business because these challenges. especially small and midsize and indie game developers. opportunities blockchain the sgchain team thinks that blockchain technology great fit for the current market trends, and can solve some the biggest problems the industry. sgchain will create safe decentralized profile for each user protect their privacy, and connect all the users around the world with global payment and reward system. will work with top blockchain development team qtum and top payment solution team lightning network minimize potential network congestion problems. the platform will also use connect players and games more efficiently and reduce developers' advertising cost, thus can maximize the benefits for both users and developers. globalization- one the biggest trend gaming, it's evident hit games such playerunknown's battlegrounds, strike kings, and card games like texas hold'em poker. found players from around the world are increasingly interacting and communicating through games. cross platform unity, unreal engine are versatile, powerful software engines optimal develop cross-platform game. social needs players have increasing need for social interactions online and offline. open source everyone can build the same structure the sgchain platform. sgchain advantages about sgchain sgchain based distributed, smart-contract approach building platform for gamers and game developers. the data the blockchain requires network consensus and cannot tampered with. public chain, any party developer can publish their game the sgchain, and accept the approval mechanism sgchain developer alliance, which based consensus mechanism, ensure the healthy development the entire game platform. open source code sgchain will open all the source code the platform, making all core data open and transparent. compared traditional server-end data handling, expect for the sgchain developer alliance review game codes ensure the games are fair, just and open. security stability private key security super game chain's wallet consists two parts. when the payment worth less than the user's digital currency saved the super game chain hot wallet; otherwise the cold wallet password mechanism will activated and will require additional user authorization. the private key will allow digital transactions across the platform, super game chain wallet will provide multi-level security mechanisms protect users' assets. terminal security sgchain uses the https protocol, the secure hypertext transfer protocol, encrypt and transmit information using secure channels. has the functions authentication, information encryption, and integrity verification reduce the risk eavesdropping, tampering, and hijacking. all-star team the sgchain development and operations team consists top game platform experts, blockchain experts, experts, and security experts. the team's experience comes from rich and diverse background top technology and entertainment companies from around the world which include tencent, ea, facebook, activision, gameloft, ubisoft, sega, disney interactive, netflix, and many more. have successfully operated variety billions-user-level games and have rich experience platform operations ensure the safety, security, and stable operation the platform. cross-platform, multi-lingual support sgchain will support platforms, such the web, mobile, pc, vr, and ar. will initially launched english, followed chinese, arabic, spanish, french, russian, korean, japanese and other popular languages for global players join. multi- cryptocurrency support sgchain will use sgc the base currency. the platform will first support sgc token after initial coin offering. will add support for other popular cryptocurrencies, such eth, btc, bch, ltc, etc, eos, and xrp. users can exchange for sgc sgchain wallet. global platform, sgchain does not support exchange between cryptocurrencies and fiat money different countries due various regulations. profit model sgchain will enable developers showcase their game projects conception stage and facilitate reviewing and investing targeted gamers. will provide decentralized, protected real identity profile for each user. this identity vigorously guarded, only individuals entities with the proper clearance can view the relevant information. users need pay fee maintain their profile. sgchain will create player profile for each user. there will avatar representation for each player, including personalized look and customizable outfits. players can send gifts trade with each other. players can also organize their own events, and only players who satisfies all the preset requirements can join. this part the platform will open. sgchain will enable mining mechanism after users purchased tokens play the games and exchange the games. small tax will charged for each transaction order support the continuing development, maintenance and operation. sgchain platform will introduce the hot room card model and sell room cards. players will able open their private virtual rooms with tokens, and organize their games. sgc room hosts may receive token rewards from the platform. affiliate rewards sgchain platform will reward users and developers with tokens for their contribution. here are the definition contributors, and their possible rewards: highly active users will earn return tokens spent. referrer room host: when user becomes highly active user, his her referrer will rewarded with tokens. developers who releases high quality games the platform will rewarded with tokens. users who help the developer with game ico will rewarded with tokens. candy reward: platform will routinely distribute candy users and developers show appreciation for their support. official site and games sgchain official site: http://.sgchain.io launched //. sgchain facebook fan page, telegram, twitter, reddit page are scheduled launch //. first sgc based game demo black jack will launch //. core games such galaxy factions, monster metropolis, clash magic will launch the sgc platform super survivor scheduled launch super suvivor coming inspired the hit game playerunknown's battlegrounds. award-winning clash magic real-time pvp strategy game. galaxy factions tower defense game. monster metropolis city building game with turn-based rpg elements. sgchain developer platform sgchain open platform integral part the platform and will provide access the following features: game login and authentication decentralized user data encryption and storage layered access for user data user avatar, name, level, tags, friend list, game interests, achievements sgc wallet, payment and trade system content streams and interactions social interactions gifting notification chat groups sgc-based game development and access the developers can publish games the sgchain platform through the sgchain api specifications, and the sgchain api outputs the data capabilities the smart contracts the hosting game provide game developers around the world with globally distributed games. the game developers focus the sgchain platform according the sgchain api requirements and specifications, and the sgchain api outputs the data capabilities the smart contracts the hosting game provide game developers around the world with globally distributed games. introduction other tokens sgchain will establish mechanism for introducing other tokens the platform. users may request introduce tokens which are public circulation onto the platform, sgchain will evaluate the token based platform's assessment, user assessment, and user polls. the security the users' token assets will the first and foremost precondition for the introduction any new token. development roadmap/milestones feburary complete platform strategy design documents techincal design docs platform design docs blockchain design docs economy design docs complete prototype development game basic system may sgchain platform development progress sgchain blockchain development progress marketplace development progress get test demo access potential developers and players june sgchain blockchain development completed july sgchain platform completion bd/marketing/pr push and focus august release simple casino style games poker blackjack roulette craps slots continue with and marketing push content developer relations and publishing push september content update sponsorship placement billboards system october wave release new games test mobile platform halloween content update november content update rollout avatar room/residence system december wave release new games content update for holidays introduce acceptance new cryptocurrencies january mobile platform release feb valentine's day update lunar new years update rollout venues feature march wave release new games rollout guild/alliance system april content update rollout content discovery system may wave release new games esport competition feature june content update july content update guild/alliance competition feature august wave release new games entourage feature update content update september content update horse racing/raising feature october halloween content update rollout vip system november content update content update december wave release new games holiday content update january new year content update february lunar new years update car racing/collecting feature march content update april wave release new games platform wide competition may content update cryptobetting feature technical solution system framework sgchain aims provide users with visual, smart contract based, multi-platform gaming platform. implemented light-client sgc wallet and gaming platform the application level, where the gaming platform includes various games based sgc tokens. following up, will gradually open platform proprietary sdk provided the majority developers, allowing game developers quickly develop sgc-based dapp and blockchain games based sgchain's platform services and sdk support and quickly publish our platform and distribution. sgchain provides series middleware for each game, including middleware such support for user wallet, call smart contract, such keyethereum ethereumjs-tx ethereum-abi. the backend implements some centralized services provide for front-end calls. this way, the combination centralization and decentralization provides users with more efficient and smoother experience the premise ensuring data fairness and safety. security: the core the game data and logic are the ethereum blockchain management smart contract ensure the openness the game, will not tampered with. the same time, when users utilize the wallet function sgchain play the game, the private key all user ethereum accounts will stored the user's local terminal, and will never transmitted over the network, nor will stored the centralized server, ensuring the user's account privacy and security. smart contract architecture compared eth smart contracts, sgchain takes the economic stability, inflation and deflation within the games into consideration. new version the smart contract can implemented for existing game majority players voted for the changes through the consensus mechanism. sgchain will support two scripting languages: lua and wren. lua turing-complete programming language with compilers and bytecode virtual machines designed and optimized for blockchain. sgchain uses lua its preferred language for smart contract programming the sgchain blockchain, which supports static compilation into bytecodes and on-demand execution blockchain networks. wren (http://wren.io) small, fast, category-based programming language. wren's developers describe "akin putting small tak file into lua-sized package, plus bit erlang's features, into familiar, modern grammar." the wren language and virtual machine were chosen because its short, easy-to-use documentation and accessible code base. also has very good performance and can easily embedded iton applications. web components (wasm) wasm emerging web standard for building high-performance web applications that can well-defined and sandboxed with small amount fit. the benefits wasm are widely supported the industry, smart contracts such can developed and developed familiar languages. separation authentication and application maximize parallelism while minimizing the computational task regenerating the application state from the program log, the sgc divides the validation logic into three parts: confirm the consistency the message confirm that all preconditions are valid; modify the application status. the internal consistency the validation message read-only and does not require access the blockchain state, which means that can executed with maximum parallelism. validating preconditions (such demand balancing) also read-only, you can also benefit from parallelism. only write-access needed make changes the application state and each application needs processed order. authentication read-only process that validates whether not message can applied, and the application actually executing it. real-time calculations need performed, but once the transaction included the blockchain, more authentication required. virtual machine independent architecture this the purpose the sgc operating system software support wide range virtual machines while continuing add new virtual machines needed over time. consensus mechanism because the distributed nature, blockchain needs consensus mechanism function properly. the widely used consensus algorithms include: proof work (pow), proof stake (pos), practical byzantine fault tolerance (pbft), delegated proof interest (dpos: delegated proof stake). sgchain will adopt dpos. dpos can allocate equity after production without extra computing power. can also dynamically determine the execution result the smart contract the agent all the nodes according the transaction status the network. sgc, public chain, forms community consensus that cannot done without the economic means token support. token-holding not only gets the contract release, network bifurcation and other blockchain-based services, but also participate voting, proxy node provide services token reward. sgchain named this token sgc and each sgc holder calls stakeholder, allocating the corresponding voting weight based the sgc's holdings. the proxy node voted the rights holder. the top proxies with the highest number tickets take turns verifying the transactions turn, all the order determined all proxy nodes and guaranteed not tampered with. acting can work for the benefits normal work; the contrary, abnormal work not, will punished. functional structure backbone sgchain backbone sgcs based the latest blockchain research will address some ethereum's existing technical issues for faster transactions. (gosig: scalable byzantine consensus adversarial wide area network for blockchains) digital wallet and its use. each user the sgc platform will have e-wallet store their sgc coins. users can use currency invest games they like, upgrade their avatar, interact with friends such avatar gifts. can also used support their favorite new game development, buy the game, upgrade equipment and on. sgc developer alliance sgc-based developers can announce game builds the sgc platform, launch icos, get early game development funding, and enable users participate game development decisions early, with user-supported developers developing and distributing themselves. the sdchain platform dedicated providing publishing environment that allows every developer survive, grow and succeed. platform sdk third-party games released the platform can access the platform sdk, get the user's player information, friends list, and can call the sdk achieve the user information flow content release, instant notification, and view the user's game achievements praise and on. other content providers since the sgc platform will developed based unity, the sgc platform will actively introduce and share revenue with third-party models such characters, costumes, animations, scenes and more. team sgchain development and operations team, with many years professional experience, including: management team toni ceo toni graduated from carnegie mellon university with master's degree and distinct graduate award. she developed and published many apps and games tops the leaderboards with tens millions users. she copublished facebook game the year: wartune, which led publishers public. give everyone identity and feel belonging the digital world that's connected the physical world her dream, and she's embracing any new technology pursue this vision. britt morris cto britt has been pushing the boundaries video game technology for over twenty years. driving technology organizations for industry leaders such sega, dreamworks animation, and disney. mr. morris expert game live operations, platform, user retention, and fraud prevention. vincent nguyen coo formerly senior producer tencent and senior game designer gameloft, vince currently the founder and ceo faceroll games limited, game development studio based shanghai, china. vince lead the team developing activision's most profitable mobile game, call duty: heroes $mm+ lifetime revenue, downloads, and rating over reviews. chuck lam chief platform architect chuck lam entrepreneur and operating executive silicon valley for years. founded rollcall, mobile service for organizing social gatherings, and sold stubhub (ebay). has raised funding from crv, kapor capital, angel, angelpad, and other investors. before that joined rockyou, sequoia-funded company, employee and led the growth the engineering team employees. kay neuenhofen blockchain developer kay has proven, rock-solid experience system and application development, product deployment and performance tuning. while sun microsystems, contributed the implementation the java virtual machine, which runs billions devices world wide. then lead the development the netflix app for the ipad, which was demoed steve jobs wwdc, and installed millions devices. most recently, kay led the development several playstation apps for major league baseball. bill conners marketing mr. connors has been long engaged the field consumer marketing strategy, strategic partnership, and product brand strategy and other senior management. mastercard's marketing vp, designed the famous mastercard "priceless" campaign that dominated the textbook history advertising. data analysis expert stanford university master science and engineering, majoring entrepreneurship management. strengths are utilizing data analysis guide management strategy. current research priorities are and machine learning. ramzi ammari cryptocurrency expert ammari has deep understanding computer system hardware and software systems. the software developed under his leadership heavily used wall street nasdaq. present, samsung's silicon valley branch chief engineer, responsible for the development secret projects. jay tang art director and operations jay tang has over years experience game and social platform. co-founded narvalous and helped many chinese games, such wartune, dramatically increase their revenue western market. before narvalous, mr. tang was art director playdom and disney interactive. zhang rui marketing specialist nanjing university mba. senior game analyst. previously, deputy general manager tiandizhihe images paul philleo event expert former nexon usa and marketing manager and well-known bay area game industry and technology-focused content writer/editor and conference organizer. arthur datangel business development former tencent business development director, with over years video games and mobile industry experience. addition, he's worked with tencent, samsung, sega, sony, nokia and playmates toy and participated the distribution over products. advisory team fan zhang invester mr. zhang was named "the venture capitalist the year china business news, and voted one "top venture capitalists china" global entrepreneurs and chinaventure. and fan was selected one winners the "midas list top venture capitalists china" forbes magazine. hongcai guo bitangel a.k.a. "bao ye". founding partner bitangel, focused angel investment cryptocurrencies and the blockchain industry. his portfolio spans over startups and still growing. mr. guo has been deeply involved across the full spectrum the cryptocurrency ecosystem. thus, has become renowned the "the bitcoin pioneer and messiah". andy tian asian innovation group successful serial entrepreneur (aig, his fourth startup). previously general manager zynga china and while google, introduced android china. mit degrees computer science. kai horizon robot company ceo was the former vice president baidu research institute, director the deep learning laboratory. "thousand talent plan" national expert, kai was the first promote the research and innovation big data china. andy tian asia innovations group ceo successful serial entrepreneur (aig, his fourth startup). previously general manager zynga china and while google, introduced android china. mit degrees computer science. mark hale cryptocurrency expert dr. mark hale invests in, owns, and sells number companies cryptocurrencies, payment systems and the mobile industry. masaru ohnogi blockchain, vr/ar gumi's head global business development. established million virtual reality fund. the fund currently incubating companies tokyo, seoul and northern europe. jeongwoo web security, search, artificial intelligence, machine learning expert dr. holds master's and ph.d. degrees computer science from carnegie mellon university. currently google machine learning expert. her research interests include machine learning, cybersecurity, information retrieval, and machine language processing. prior joining google, she was responsible for cybersecurity and search oracle corp and corp. ping enture capitalist and experienced executive dr. ping the co-founder summitview capital venture capital funds. dr. was the co-founder, president, ceo, and the chairman spread rum communications inc, nasdaq listed leading fabless semiconductor provider china with advanced technology and standards. dilpreet singh payment system technologist henry lin game marketing specialist over years experience and building strong relationships the gaming industry, focusing marketing and operations the gaming market. jeff kao advertising expert jeff has focused alibaba's e-commerce platform for many years global marketing strategic partner. also experienced facebook pmd (preferential marketing clerk) and advertising reseller. sgc token release plan purpose the sgchain team has been able continue investing the sgchain platform for global operations, team building, marketing, etc. accordance with the planned scale, through the first generation tokens raise the required ethernet and quantum chains for the project's ongoing development and global operations. sgchain token benefits voting privileges each user with sgchain token can participate the voting future games that can launched the sgchain platform via the proof-of-stake (pos) concept. token holders make corresponding percentage their votes based the amount token they own. voting can done via the sgchain wallet. platform commerce sgchain token can used the currency the game all sgchain platforms. game ico the sgchain platform will introduce large number game developers help developers achieve game publication, distribution, the game development, testing, and online functionality different stages support developers complete the game. sgchain token release plan plans are issue billion sgchain token line with the erc standard, then switch sgchain after sgc main chain the line, which billion tokens for this private placement and public offering, the total raise the target is: soft top: eth hard top: eth sgchain ico cost price: eth sgchain token. addition will provide some early get reward. after the successful issuance, the sgchain token will the international mainstream exchange the near future. fund distribution idc security:% sgchain will provide the best gaming experience global players. since the digital wallets major component the platform, security will our number one priority that needs guaranteed; platform development:% sgchain team will continuously improve the speed and reliability the sgc coin chain, will also improve the performance, security, reliability, and fun features the platform; global operation:% sgchain team will relentlessly expand the global market, and evolve into organic, healthy, self-sustaining ecosystem, that allows every player, every developer, and every partner the platform thrive this platform; marketing:% sgchain will brand itself the home all gamers, game developers, and game content providers; legal and administrative cost:% sgchain will allocate dedicated budget legal, finance and taxation, accouting and auditing, etc. sgc determined comply all relevant laws and regulations. operational stages the sgchain platform will follow three stages development planning: phase platform development stage the sgc development team will responsible for the development the sgc token and sgc platforms. sgc token: sgc token will initially built ethereum. this will help the platform expedite its time-to-market. the team will then build new optimized and efficient sgc blockchain based the team's own research results. sgc platform: achieve the mvp the sgc platform and publish party games and select party games. phase open operations the phase will focus the operations the platform. this will include working with party developers help them integrate sgc sdks and apis, user acquisition and onboarding, and live operations. phase ecosystem development phase with the rapid development blockchain technology, sgchain platform will completely decentralized, and start the self-governing. disclaimer and risk statement disclaimer unless expressly stated this white paper, sgchain does not make any representations warranties (especially with regard its marketability and particular functionality) with respect sgchain sgchain token. participating sgchain token's public sale plan and buying sgchain token shall based their own knowledge sgchain and sgchain token well the information this whitebook. without prejudice the generality the foregoing, all participants will accept sgchain token as-is after the launch the sgchain project, regardless their technical specifications, parameters, performance features. sgchain platform hereby expressly refuse recognize assume the following responsibilities: anyone who violates the anti-money laundering, anti-terrorist financing other regulatory requirements any country while buying sgchain token; anyone who violates the representations, warranties, obligations, undertakings other requirements this white paper while purchasing sgchain token, and the result payment failure withdrawal failure sgchain token; the sgchain token public sale program abandoned for any reason; development sgchain failed, was delayed postponed, and result, the delivery sgchain token was delayed canceled; platform failures caused technical issues such loopholes, errors, flaws, crashes, rollbacks, hard forks ethereum related blockchain source code; the use funds raised from public sale; any participant divulges, loses destroys the cryptocurrency token private key; the breach contract, violation, infringement, crashing, service termination suspension, fraud, misoperation, misconduct,mistake, negligence, bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution third party trading platforms. anyone trading speculating sgchain token; sgchain token being listed delisted any exchange; sgchain token classified, deemed be, currency, security, commercial paper, negotiable instrument, investment other things any government, authority public body, that becomes subject regulation legal restriction; any risk factors disclosed this white paper, well any damages, losses, claims, liabilities, penalties, costs other adverse effects that result from connection with these risk factors. risk statement the sgchain development and operations team believes there are many risks the development, maintenance and operation sgchain,some which beyond the control the sgchain development and operations team. every prospective sgchain token buyer should read, understand and carefully consider the following risks before participating the public sale program. every sgchain token buyer should aware the fact that while sgchain development and operations principals are set the cayman islands, sgchain and sgchain token only exist within the cyberspace and not have any physical form, therefore they not belong involve any particular country. participation this public sale plan should well conceived decision,will deemed that the buyer has fully acknowledged and agreed accept the following risks: termination public sale program the sgchain token public sale plan may terminated early, the buyer may only receive portion the bitcoin ether back due the price fluctuation those currencies, and the cost the sgchain team. insufficient disclosure the date this white paper release, sgchain still under development, and its philosophy, consensus mechanisms, algorithms, codes, and other technical details and parameters may updated and changed frequently. sgchain development and operations team not capable, and not obligated keep the participants informed every detail the development including its progress and expected milestones, whether postponed not). does not necessarily give buyers timely and full access the development progress. insufficient disclosure inevitable and reasonable. regulations cryptocurrencies and tokens are being may regulated the authorities different countries. from time time, sgchain development and operations team may receive inquiries, notices, warnings, orders from one more authorities and may even ordered suspend terminate this public sale, sgchain development sgchain token. sgchain's development, marketing, promotion, this public sale plan may seriously affected, terminated result. the regulatory policy may change from time time, the existing regulatory clearance tolerance for sgchain this public sale plan any country may temporary. various countries, sgchain token may defined virtual commodity, digital asset even securities currency any time, sgchain token may barred from trading holding some countries required local regulatory requirements. various countries, sgchain token may defined virtual goods, digital asset even securities currency any time, sgchain token may barred from trading holding some countries required local regulatory requirements. cryptography cryptography ever evolving, cannot guarantee absolute security all time. advances cryptography (such password cracking) technological advances (such the advancement quantum computers) can put cryptography-based systems, including sgchain, risk. this may cause sgchain token stolen, destroyed devalued. the reasonable extent, sgchain development and operations team will prepared take preventive remedial measures upgrade sgchain's underlying protocols cope with any progress cryptography. the future cryptography and security innovation unpredictable, sgchain development and operations team will try its best face the ever-changing field cryptography and security. development failure give sgchain still the development stage, not finished product. due the technical complexity sgchain systems, sgchain development and operations team may face unpredictable difficulties. therefore, the development sgchain may fail (for example, due lack funding), which may cause sgchain team fail deliver the tokens any buyer this public sale. theft there may attempts steal funds received from the public sale. such theft theft attempts may affect the sgchain development and operations team's ability fund sgchain development.although the sgchain development and operations team will adopt state-of-the-art technology secure crowdfunding funds, some cyber-theft still hard stop. source code flaws one can guarantee sgchain's source code completely flawless. code may have certain flaws, mistakes, errors, bugs, which may prevent users from using certain features, expose user information, cause other problems. such bug will undermine the availability, stability security sgchain, and adversely affect the value sgchain token. security weakness sgchain blockchain rests open-source software and permissionless distributed ledger. regardless the sgchain development and operations team's efforts keep the sgchain system secure, anyone may intentionally unintentionally introduce weaknesses bugs into the core infrastructural elements sgchain that the security measures adopted the sgchain development and operations team will unable prevent remedy. this may consequently result the loss sgchain token other digital tokens held the purchaser. distributed denial service (ddos) attack the ethereum designed public and unpermissioned. therefore ethereum may suffer distributed denial-of-service cyber-attacks from time time. such attacks will adversely affect, stall, paralyze the sgchain system. result, the affected transactions may delayed recording being added the blocks the ethereum blockchain, they may not performed all temporarily. insufficient processing power the rapid growth the sgchain will accompanied surge transactions and demand for processing power. the demand for processing power exceeds what the nodes the ethereum blockchain network can provide, the sgchain network may destabilize stall, which may result fraudulent erroneous transactions such "double-spending". the worst-case scenario, the sgchain token held any purchasers may lost, rolled back with the ethereum blockchain, even hard forked. the aftermath these events will undermine the usability, stability, and security the sgchain and the value the sgchain token. unauthorized claim purchased sgchain tokens anyone who gains access the registered email account sgchain token purchaser deciphering cracking the purchaser's password will able obtain all the purchaser's sgchain tokens. consequently, the purchased sgchain tokens may incorrectly sent anyone who has access the purchaser's registered email account and irrevocable. each sgchain token purchaser shall take the appropriate precautions maintain the security their registered email account, such as: (i) use highly secure passwords; (ii) refrain from opening responding scam emails; and (iii) keep confidential and personal information strictly confidential. sgchain token wallet private key the loss destruction the private key necessary obtain the sgchain token irreversible. sgchain token can only accessed through local online sgchain token wallet with unique set public key and private key. each buyer should store his her sgchain token wallet private key with great care. the sgchain development and operations team anyone else will not able help recover the lost private key the event that the key lost, compromised, destroyed, stolen. popularity the value sgchain token largely depends the popularity the sgchain platform. sgchain does not expect hugely popular widely used shortly after launch. the worst case scenario, sgchain may even marginalized, attracting only small group users for long time. the demand for sgchain token may largly speculative. the lack users may cause sgchain token's market price fluctuate greatly and have impact the long term development sgchain. the event such price fluctuations, the sgchain development and operations team will not (nor liable to) stabilize influence the sgchain token market price. price fluctuations cryptocurrency tokens price typically fluctuate sharply when traded the open market. price shocks occur frequently short periods. the price may valued bitcoin, ether, u.s. dollar other currencies. such price fluctuations may caused market forces (including speculative trading), regulatory policy changes, technological innovations, the availability exchanges and other objective factors that also reflect changes the supply demand balance. the sgchain development and operations team not responsible for sgchain token tradings any secondary market. therefore, the sgchain development and operations team not obliged stabilize the price fluctuations sgchain token. sgchain token traders shall bear the risk involved the trading.