whitepaper version release date: october contents executive summary ................................................... the problems................................................................. comprehensive solutions ...................................... understanding suqa ............................................... features ............................................................................. benefits .............................................................................. mining ................................................................................. technical specifications.......................................... suqa foundation ....................................................... suqa for cryptolancers ....................................... suqa for blockchain startups......................... suqa for charity ...................................................... roadmap .......................................................................... team ................................................................................. introduction introduction suqa new peer-to-peer digital currency with numerous advantages over recent predecessors. this paper will review legacy blockchain problems and how suqa's feature rich protocol provides smart solutions. the problems talk 'the blockchain' inescapable. mentioned almost daily basis newspapers, financial pundits, youtubers, and many other media sources. but despite the overwhelming buzz that surrounds distributed ledger technology (dlt), the adoption blockchain-based platforms institutions and businesses isn't anywhere near overwhelming. only the top commercial banks the world planned launch full-scale commercial blockchains similarly, comparison the hundreds icos being launched every month, there are few examples companies actually using blockchain services for day-to-day purposes. moreover, trust paramount the blockchain and cryptocurrency domain. ico and pre-mined coin scams have made miners and investors cautious. our community keeps growing while demanding more sustainably profitable coins. use cases are evaluated more carefully than ever with interest perpetually profitable coins which prove useful daily real-life situations. unfortunately, there are few coins integrated pragmatically today's cryptocurrency ecosystem. lack recognition and adoption blockchain and digital payments. lack coins which are being used real life ecosystems. lack trust cryptocurrency domain. centralization threat from asic and fpga companies. quantum attack threat from future quantum computers. need for new complex, secure, asic and fpga resistant, memory optimized, post quantum algorithm for constant dynamic decentralization. comprehensive solutions our solution the suqa blockchain runs the first-ever pow algorithm. available the average ordinary cpu and gpu miner with the goal egalitarian mining. developed asic, fpga and quantum computing resistant assure the decentralized consensus mechanism. having new, unique asic, fpga, quantum resistant algorithm very helpful for the mining community and solves numerous problems for miners. mining sources can ubiquitous and inexpensive the vast array cpus and gpus available. this means hardware used mine the coins readily available which guards against the centralization threat from asic and fpga companies. apart from this, suqa keen the incentive factors such providing interest for time-locked coins. for example, suqa also gives investors annual percentage rate (apr) interest from term deposits even the case when the wallet offline. having apr interest for monthly time locked coins beneficial for investors. furthermore, suqa has ico, pre-mine, masternodes and presale the coins, its very much beneficial the investors and miners. but this not enough make suqa profitable the near and long term. true value generation can only come through integration and use throughout the existing cryptocurrency ecosystem. suqa has also solved this problem introducing suqa foundation which the ecosystem for suqa. suqa's mission encourage not only veterans the blockchain community but also newcomers the community make using the suqa ecosystem attractive. suqa gives big rewards transparently without taking exorbitant transaction fees. suqa rewards cryptocurrency startups, cryptolancers, and charities assuring zero-fee transactions inside its ecosystem. this incentive payment comes from the founders' fee rewards and from donations. suqa blockchain will bring trust and decentralization make the blockchain community grow and will keep paying rewards until the last mined suqa coin. understanding suqa how suqa works suqa the crypto evangelist coin created help and enlarge the crypto community for mass adoption the technology giving meaningful rewards! the suqa community supports foundation activities mining donating. this funding model makes sure there constant availability coins used for all the rewards, activities and expenses the foundation. shown the diagram, coins mined through suqa blockchain rewards can used ways. the first way just hold the coin and earn the apr interest them, the other one using the coins suqa ecosystem. features (what makes suqa different) features suqa has numerous features focused miner and investor profitability. major suqa features include: speed: fastest pow coin transactions per second. this means times more scalability than bitcoin. rewarding: investors can earn apr interest from term deposits even the wallet offline. first months monthly term deposit apr will apr encourage early adopters and investors. friends, colleagues, and business partners can also send suqa coins time-locked addresses for friendly gifts matter business agreement. almost transaction fees: suqa makes instant payments with incredibly low fees. using blockchain technology, transactions are performed directly between two digital wallets. protection ensure the safety the suqa ecosystem, suqa has implemented full replay protection and unique wallet addresses. more importantly asic, fpga and quantum attack protection make suqa very secure and future-proof digital currency. transparency suqa free open-source project that built expert blockchain developers and supported rapidly growing community blockchain enthusiasts which spans the globe. asic attack decentralized consensus fpga attack quantum computer attack benefits (competitive advantage) benefits one the outstanding features suqa time locked interest. make the process fair and transparent, interest will handled and guaranteed the blockchain. time-locked interest provides users the ability earn from their term deposits for apr when time-locked weeks. interest favors short, mid and long term investors time-lock their balances locally owned and privately secured wallets. this far more secure and functional when compared the traditional trust required traditional banking systems. more lines, security cameras, forms fill out. simply choose your terms your locally controlled wallet and enjoy the guaranteed apr. unlike some other coins, investors can earn through suqa just hodl'ing it! suqa foundation takes founders fee from every mined block. founders fee for marketing and bounties. founders fee for exchanges listing, investors, unforeseen expenses etc websites development and hosting. legal fees for developers founders fee for suqa foundation rewards. mining mining suqa developers have innovated new mining algorithm which not dominated asics hashpower renting services. suqa's new pow mining algorithm called also requires new miner which now readily available. the coin proof work meaning that can mined with gpus and cpus. the most interesting thing about the algorithm the quantum resistant part the algorithm chain called swifftx and the promise that the project will remain fpga and asic resistant. suqa made the mining process lot more easier. cpu mining will available from the desktop wallet with simple "one-click" button quickly activate cpu mining. gpu mining will available from our open source gpu miner just adding the server and wallet address. miners will also appreciate suqa's efficiency and reduced heat profile. suqa proves that mining operations don't have maximize power consumption and heat output order asic/fpga/quantum resistant. for larger miners this can mean easier scalability with less cooling and ventilation requirements. following are the details about mining: block time max block size max transaction per second minutes tx/s block rewards total supply: ,,, plus for founders fee will mined years max total: ,,, suqa internal state width chart byte header byte hamsi byte fugue byte byte shabal byte whirpool byte byte byte sha byte hash concatenation byte swifftx byte haval byte byte zero-padding tiger byte byte zero-padding iyrav_ byte byte zero-padding streebog byte sha byte output technical specifications technical specifications pursues the goal asic and fpga resistance implementing multiple additional features over outdated proof work algorithm chains like for example, suqa raises the memory requirements factor four which not problem for cpu and gpu but much harder for fpga and asic, they need either use commodity ram (giving them advantage over cpu and gpu) implement more internal ram, increasing the chip space needed. another advantage over the classic pow algorithms much longer algorithm chain. algorithms create the need for lot chip space implement the whole chain which hugely cost-prohibitive for fpga and asic. finally, the bigger plan evolving around increase the chain size with further hashing stages (xi, xi, etc) released periodically. this approach forces the chip designers revise the design often, meaning more costs and less time for actually using the chip for mining. moreover, making the chain progressively longer addresses the concern future fpga chips bigger size, and being possibly able fit the whole chain single chip. algorithm the newest, most complex, and advanced quantum resistant algorithm for the millions pow miners. also one the most power efficient hash algorithms. "i" stands for the algorithms intelligence and not just another clone copycat another algorithm. instead, has optimization potential for all the cuda and opencl developers because the added post quantum algorithm swifftx before the new algorithm that will added the chain the upcoming hardfork. new pow algorithm provides the following advantages: adding quantum resistant part the algorithm chain (swifftx) boosts memory requirements four times. not problem for cpu and gpu but much harder for fpga and asic much longer algorithm chain: algorithms create the need for lot chip space implement the whole chain, very cost un-effective for fpgas and asics hard fork about every months update asic and fpga resistant algorithm for guaranteed decentralization suqa blockchain rewards suqa foundation ecosystem blockchain startups cryptolancers charities suqa foundation (ecosystem for suqa) suqa foundation suqa foundation decentralized autonomous philanthropist organization that rewards everyone inside its ecosystem generously, securely, and transparently. this done without fees foster the growth the blockchain. suqa foundation will handle all the necessary marketing and development for the suqa currency. this includes liquidation, finance for listing all promised and guaranteed major exchanges, legal handlings, decentralized websites well development and marketing for the web projects. so, how does this suqa foundation ecosystem make people spend suqa? well, suqa foundation will create great value inside its ecosystem incentivize new users buy suqa from trusted exchanges. suqa foundation serving hub for cryptolancers, blockchain startups, and charities means vibrant ecosystem. suqa.org the central hub suqa foundation. the idea suqa help people using blockchain and grow the blockchain the help people. this community created for sharing. everybody will share and everybody will win. the suqa blockchain will grow eventually and become ordinary thing real life. our target make that process faster and trustworthy while also fostering community inclusion. the future will decentralized and are here help make that happen! the spirit inclusion, suqa has engineered long-term and multifaceted bounty program. suqa foundation bounties are paid -day time-locked suqa addresses meaning more stability for our community. every month for the first year, million suqa will rewarded from suqa foundation. after the first year, bounty rewards from the suqa funds are halved suqa. all, total million suqa will given away bounty and rewards for years. additional million suqa made available for social media campaign beginning october, other bounty programs within the community are also possible. when the last coin will mined years, there will millions suqa currency within the suqa foundation ecosystem and this will result greater scarcity. there will internal child sites inside the suqa.org and they will contain blockchain start-ups, cryptolancers and charities'. order the list for the start-ups, cryptolancers and charities' must have account suqa.org. suqa for cryptolancers imagine meeting with all the cryptolancers the same social hub! bounty programs can setup without any fees taken from you. your cryptolancers donation rewards pool will grow continuously the amount payments you make the cryptolancer. the more finished bounties/jobs you paid with suqa payment, the higher rank you will achieve the pool. become one the top donors every months win suqa from the top donor's reward. suqa provides users the hub for the crypto jobs and projects. they get their job done free without any fees (excluding the very low network fees). every months the rewards pool start from scratch for new rewards. suqa foundation does not take any fees from transactions, jobs projects. the rewards will decrease according block rewards after halving until the end the last mined suqa currency. suqa for blockchain startups imagine meeting with all the blockchain start-up companies the same social hub and invest the project with suqa. with the amount the payment you made the startup you will enter the startup donation rewards pool. the more you invest startup company with suqa payment, the higher rank you will achieve the awards pool. become one the top most donators every months win suqa from the top donators reward. suqa for charity everybody wants donate sometimes for people who need help. but often don't know where and how can this help. imagine meeting with all the charities the same social hub! you can donate for the charity you want without any fees taken from you. similar other suqa awards programs, your awards pool balance increments equally the amount you contribute charities. welcome suqa! short roadmap official roadmap will released oct lite website and onepager october nvidia (cuda) miner bounty million suqa whitepaper october whitepaper october suqa community bounties million suqa october roadmap october exchanges listing november first week team tamer dagli aka cryplander atif karaogul pallas huseyin biyik atakan koycu aka depozitosuz business development elif beste toren ali pura design development ceo co-founder cto co-founder technical advisor levent gudulluoglu lead web developer investor relations technical advisor