whitepaper remit token (rmt) whitepaper ecosystem merchants for global non-cash remittances contents disclaimer executive summary problem remittance market use remittances current transaction flow future transaction flow opportunity with cryptocurrency the suregifts network the sureremit token why blockchain stellar sureremit why not btc eth sureremit features remittance transaction flow user acquisition customer acquisition merchant acquisition timeline token sale terms team investors advisors company conclusion ecosystem merchants for global non-cash remittances disclaimer this white paper intended present relevant information potential remit purchasers (purchaser) connection with the proposed generation and sale remit (token issuance), including information about the underlying software application and blockchain protocol used create and distribute remit (remit smart contract) and the remit ecosystem (together with the remit smart contract, the remit platform). the information contained this white paper not intended exhaustive and the statements included this white paper are not intended create contractual relationship. nothing this white paper shall deemed constitute prospectus any sort solicitation for investment, nor does any way pertain offering solicitation offer buy any securities any jurisdiction. this document not composed accordance with, and not subject to, laws regulations any jurisdiction which are designed protect investors. certain statements, estimates and financial information contained this white paper constitute forward-looking statements information. such forward-looking statements information involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties which may cause actual events results differ materially from the estimates the results implied expressed such ecosystem merchants for global non-cash remittances executive summary there are about million immigrants the world sending over $bn support their friends and families back home every year. the remittance market significant source funding for many individuals and families across the world. recipients remittances, particularly emerging markets, rely this income for basic needs like food, clothing, medicine, utility bill payments, among other needs. immigrants face two significant challenges when executing cross-border and local money transfers: firstly, the cost remittances punitively high. transferring money via banks and traditional international money transfers operators could cost from the value transferred. over the past decade, new digital remittance companies have succeeded reducing this cost, but the cheapest service could cost their access-points withdrawal channels can also difficult interact with, especially the unbanked population. secondly, over remittances are intended for specific uses like food, clothing, medicine, school fees utility bill payments. senders want ensure that their money being utilized for its intended purpose, but this not possible control monitor with cash transfers, cash creates opportunities for waste and diversion funds. sureremit removes the cash layer eliminating cash agents leveraging cryptocurrency. the platform connects senders directly the merchants that serve their recipients' basic needs back home. new token, remit, will enable senders purchase digital vouchers (suregifts) that can delivered billions their recipients across the world instantly via sms e-mail. these vouchers can spent directly for goods and services from sureremit's ecosystem partner merchants within their community. the service will significantly reduce the cost transfers, while ensuring that the recipient receives the appropriate value intended the sender. ............................................................ united nations sustainable development blog http://www.un.org/sustainabledevelopment/blog// /-million-international-migrants-living-abroadworldwide-new-un-statistics-reveal/ world bank migration development brief http://pubdocs.worldbank.org/en/ /migrationanddevelopmentbrief.pdf ecosystem merchants for global non-cash remittances problem the cost remittances has been traditionally high. remittance latin america cost nearly and some cost remittance corridors places like africa continue have even higher fees. remittances have such important role play the support lives, that the cost facilitating them has been major strategic focus for multilateral development organizations like the united nations. the sustainable development goals, effective from january includes target reduce the cost remittances less than figure sustainable development goal figure avg. remittance cost amount sent source: "remittance prices worldwide", issue no. dec world bank; xoom/paypal t/d ile average remittance price worldwide amount sent. global average xoom/paypal sdg goal the time takes complete remittance transaction via traditional informal channels can range from hours. the typical international money transfer requires loads communication between the persons either time end it. they have calculate exchange rates, synchronize amounts, collect personal details, agree transfer method, and then confirm when the cash has been sent and received. the remittance process through mto often begins with sender delivering cash subagent the mto the host country. second, the subagent transfers funds the mto agent through the domestic payments system. the third step, the mto agent orders its bank transfer funds from its domestic account the overseas account partner, nonresident mto agent. once the funds are credited its account, the partner mto agent requests that funds credited its subagent. the subagent the receiving country then, final step, delivers cash the final beneficiary. cash transfers are heavily regulated. regulators requires verification person's identity before delivering financial services for anti-money laundering and fraud-reduction purposes. nearly impossible for financial identity service provider verify identity consumer has government-issued identification. approximately, billion people globally not have officially recognized document prove their identity. both formal and informal remittance processes often involve cash pickups unsafe locations. this exposes the security recipients and even the cash agents theft and losses during the transportation and storing process. also encourages lack liquidity access points. senders have zero visibility into where and when their funds were used. the anonymity cash makes diversion control funds and fraud easy. lack control over the use funds one the major problem expressed immigrants. ............................................................ http://unstats.un.org/sdgs/files/metadata-compilation/metadata-goal-.pdf international transactions for remittances; guide for compilers, users, oct https://www.imf.org/external/np/sta/bop//rcg/pdf/ch.pdf identification for development global dataset, world bank, https://data.worldbank.org/data-catalog/idd-dataset ecosystem merchants for global non-cash remittances remittance market remittances are key contributor global gross domestic product gdp many countries and can stabilize household income the face adverse income shocks. the bank mexico reported that money sent home mexican immigrants was nearly billion overtaking oil revenues source foreign income for the first time. remittances nigeria exceed $bn. over somalis rely remittances meet basic daily needs.remittances tend steady source earnings that don't falter when other parts domestic economy might affected. figure survey results about use remittances respondents guyana business survey remittance recipients guyana shows that food savings use remittances over funds sent home were intended for consumptive purposes such food, clothing, education and health. similarly, spending those use-cases are significant other remittance corridors across the world. this presents least $bn market opportunity for disruption. education for targeted remittances like these, the cash layer for clothing real estate transfer value can completely eliminated, thereby removing the multiple dependencies required consummate cross-border cash transactions. ............................................................ remittance mexico reach seven-year high, wall street journal, https://www.wsj.com/articles/remittances-to-mexico-reach-seven-year-high- remittance transfers somalia; keeping the lifeline open. https://www.imf.org/external/np/sta/bop//rcg/pdf/ch.pdf the development impact remittances caribbean economies; case for guyana. https://sta.uwi.edu/conferences/salises/documents/roberts%d.pdf ecosystem merchants for global non-cash remittances current transaction flow figure traditional remittance transaction flow, participants and requirements sender imto wallet licence bank payment gateway card fiat liquidity cash fraud kyc/id prevention/aml bank/super-agent sub-agent recipient merchant licence licence kyc/id inventory fiat liquidity fiat liquidity bank account security security sender senders hold cash, debit/credit cards, bank accounts and mobile money wallets. they require any these and fulfill the elaborate kyc requirements banks and international money transfer operators order fulfill regulatory requirements money transfers. the kyc requirements can also vary depending the location the sender. international money transfer operators (imto) imtos facilitate the transfer funds from one location another. licensed the regulators and working with banks, payment gateways and fraud detection services, they accept cash and transfer the equivalent value the bank/super-agent the recipient location. imtos follow strict anti-money laundering, fraud and foreign exchange guidelines. bank/super-agent the banks provide the liquidity for local currency the recipient location. the banks are licensed local regulatory authorities facilitate the receipt and conversion forex into local currency. the banks act agents themselves, work with sub-agents distribute cash recipients. recipients with bank accounts can also paid directly into their accounts. sub-agent the sub-agent the primary interaction point for recipients looking cash out. the sub-agents finances the float local currency that used settle the recipient. the sub-agent typically licensed the regulator "bureau-de-change", and they have little control the rates/pricing and speed transaction. recipient banked recipients can receive cash into their bank accounts mobile wallets, they can visit agent location receive cash. the recipient presents verification details confirm both the sender and recipient details. usually, governmentissued required access the cash, and security the cash the responsibility the recipient upon receipt. merchant the merchant accepts cash payment for goods and services. ecosystem merchants for global non-cash remittances future transaction flow figure remittance transaction flow leveraging cryptocurrency and digital payment vouchers sender recipient merchant wallet exchange mobile phone inventory bank ledger voucher/pin redemption card system cash cryptocurrency sender senders hold cash, debit/credit cards, bank accounts, mobile money wallets. they simply need acquire the remit cryptocurrency and use that purchase vouchers with attributes such merchants and value assigned. elaborate kyc requirements are not required purchase closed-loop digital shopping vouchers. cryptocurrency the remit coin the currency that used acquire digital shopping vouchers. the currency can purchased with fiat with other cryptocurrencies. recipient recipients receive digital shopping vouchers their mobile phones via e-mail sms. these vouchers are accepted merchants the suregifts network payment for goods and services. merchant merchants can accept these digital vouchers via simple redemption systems. e-commerce merchants can implement the suregifts plugins api for acceptance their websites. physical merchants can utilize the suregifts redemption application verify and redeem digital vouchers. more sophisticated merchants can integrate suregifts into their point-of-sale systems, and the least sophisticated merchants can redeem the vouchers via ussd. merchants are settled fiat directly into their bank accounts mobile wallets for the value redeemed. with all the systems integrated, the sender can monitor and receive confirmation redemption the merchant location. ecosystem merchants for global non-cash remittances opportunity with cryptocurrency speed digital transactions with the remit coin can completed seconds regardless where the sender and receiver are the world. there are more mobile phones than there are people the world. mobile app can enable remittances sent and received instantly. recipients can receive value via sms e-mail. cost fraud with banks and other intermediaries removed from the remittance process, the senders value can connect their recipients directly the merchant where the value resides. transaction costs will reduced the minimum. lowering remittance costs could increase remittance volumes and lift over million more people out poverty according the un. fraud also major factor impeding the deployment platforms such sureremit existing debit/credit card services. since deliveries are instant, chargeback risk from credit card theft greater. utilizing remit tokens exclusively enables accept currency whose ownership can verify and trust. convenience remittance services can available -hours day. there transparency pricing and surprises fear loss the destination. without the cash layer, elaborate kyc requirements for basic remittances are relaxed. the counter-party risk also removed, since there are banks agents required provide liquidity the receiving end. ............................................................ digital remittances: enhancing financial health for families around the world. https://www.paypalobjects.com/digitalassets/c/website/marketing/global/shared/global/media-resources/documents/digital-remittances.pdf ecosystem merchants for global non-cash remittances the suregifts network suregifts began acquire local merchants build acceptance for its digital vouchers suregifts generates digital vouchers that distributes, and provides both e-commerce and physical merchants with the technology accept them. since over partner merchants have been on-boarded onto the platform. these merchants offer variety services, from food and groceries, fashion, electronics and home appliances. other merchant offer services such therapy and wellness, cinema experiences, healthcare and pharmaceuticals, education, and many more. suregifts vouchers can also currently used for over utility bills across nigeria, kenya and rwanda. these bills include mobile phone airtime and data, electricity, water, toll and even flight tickets. the goal achieve scale within the merchant network that will enable recipients across the world have immediate access any product service from merchant within their local community. this ensures that not only recipients receive full value from their loved ones abroad, the value will also utilized boost economic activity increasing business for local merchants. merchants can opt-in accept suregifts vouchers via multiple channels. any merchant with smartphone can complete redemptions via our suregifts redemption application. larger merchants can deploy robust point-of-sale device, and ecommerce merchants across most cart systems like magento, woocommerce, opencart, cscart etc. can install the suregifts plugin and begin accept digital vouchers. merchant settlement will done local currency the merchant bank mobile wallet account. over redemptions suregifts vouchers have already been completed recipients across partner merchants our existing markets. ecosystem merchants for global non-cash remittances the sureremit tokens the sureremit token (rmt) utility token built the stellar network, designed used immigrants and customers within the sureremit platform. following this standard, sureremit tokens are easily transferable between users and can supported wallets and exchanges that already support stellar lumens. within the sureremit ecosystem, the remit token (rmt) will used internally access vouchers and pay bills for targeted remittances. immigrants and customers general will able select the country they want send value, search for the right merchant category and create order for voucher delivered the recipient via sms email, and pay rmt token. once the order received, the token will frozen until the voucher sent from the sureremit system. when that happens, the token transferred sureremit. the future, hope activate the direct acceptance rmt tokens the ecosystem partners, which they can turn convert fiat, this will make token transfer happen directly merchant's balance. why blockchain payment processing most global payment gateways refuse process payments for remittance companies impose unreasonable costs and restrictions due regulatory requirements prevent money laundering and the funding other criminal activities., the blanket refusal entertain remittance technology innovators affects companies such sureremit, even though the service focused non-cash remittances. blockchain and the use cryptocurrencies allow anyone take advantage our platform and get the help needed friends and family anywhere they are the world. reducing frictional costs traditional methods transferring capital incur relatively high transactional costs (often along with flat fees regardless transaction size) due banks and other financial intermediaries having address counter-party risk and settlement clearing costs. using rmt significantly reduces these costs, especially users engage large amounts relatively small payments. creating system record the blockchain ledger publicly-verifiable record that can used confirm that vouchers purchased bills paid our system have been delivered and redeemed for their purpose. immigrants using our platform will have confidence that vouchers have been redeemed for what they were purchased for, with dependable system-of-record always available accounting their usage. ecosystem merchants for global non-cash remittances sureremit will leveraging the stellar platform for the issuance rmt tokens. stellar highly sophisticated and secure platform that's trusted major banks and reputable companies such ibm and deloitte. development and management proprietary blockchain solutions carry certain security risks that the stellar platform protects against. the sureremit concept development, ecosystem and solution also matured, and developing stellar will enable focus resources marketing, and expanding acceptance across our target remittance corridors. the concept sureremit clear and simple; require equally clear, simple and yet sophisticated platform manage remit tokens. also, immediate and continuous liquidity essential for the success the sureremit platform. there existing business activity that will transition into the system, thereby requiring immediate exchange for rmts issued. stellar facilitates the issuance and trading tokens its decentralized exchanged immediately, while negotiate partnerships with other exchanges. our product focused remittances, industry where cost one the most significant pain-points. our mission bring the cost targeted remittances the bare minimum, and stellar's low-cost, high-volume transaction model makes them ideal for transacting rmt tokens. further, stellar focused developing countries which constitute the majority the remittance corridors that are targeting. stellar committed boosting access and supporting people these markets with platforms and solutions help them exchange value conveniently. their core mission aligns with ours. security cost atomic transactions stellar are comprised simple, transaction fees are negligible stellar xlm declarative operations leading more auditable code $.). xlm/offer deposit (refunded when offer and fewer security pitfalls. ethereum relies turing filled canceled). gas fee for computations. the cost complete programming capabilities, which produces transactions ethereum depends complexity less auditable code and greater risk exploitable computation, speed transaction, and fiat value vulnerabilities. ether. the median cost for transfer speed philosophy takes seconds process stellar compared with stellar's mission aligns with sureremit's provide better minutes ethereum. and innovative financial services the underserved markets. ............................................................ using stellar for icos. https://www.stellar.org/blog/using-stellar-for-ico/ ecosystem merchants for global non-cash remittances why not btc eth? ethereum utilizes gas execute transactions the ethereum blockchain. transaction fees continue rise with decline sight light the increasing number icos using the platform alongside growing market capitalization, iis also the case with btc. low-cost transaction model one the fundamental philosophies sureremit, and any cost-intensive platform model deal-breaker. generating rmt token that interacts exclusively with the sureremit platform, can achieve few key benefits: reduced sensitivity other crypocurrencies cryptocurrencies and blockchain will continue disrupt transactional models and eventually become mainstream; however, believe there potentially significant risk placing the economy sureremit and betting its future another token/coin. sureremit has already developed closed economy create stable demand and supply side. this means that the network and token can grow its own pace and its fundamental will determined users utilizing the platform satisfy common, stable and predictable needs. aligned incentives rmt tokens are exclusively for non-cash remittances via 'handshake' between senders and merchant partners. participants the network have their incentives aligned, and result this singular goal, sureremit can target its marketing and expansion efforts improve utility, liquidity and efficiency within the network. exposure management volatility major concern with cryptocurrency; mentioned above, important for the sureremit platform reasonably insulated from dynamics and market forces that affect other cryptocurrencies, while still enabling seamless exchangeability. rmt intended transactional token, and uncertain whether not the future btc eth will store value, the high-velocity payment instrument that rmt needs be. ecosystem merchants for global non-cash remittances sureremit features access instant digital shopping vouchers for retail stores across the world. connect your stellar wallet and access your rmt token app. instantly pay utility bills directly using your tokens. send airtime across operators countries. ecosystem merchants for global non-cash remittances remittance transaction flow actor action tools acquire remit (rmt) tokens with cash, crypto wallet exchange/debit debit/credit cards bank accounts other credit cards/mobile money cryptocurrencies. the remit token will wallets/bank accounts available the stellar decentralized sender exchange and other popular and local cryptocurrency exchanges. utilize remit tokens purchase utility sureremit mobile application and merchant-specific vouchers. vouchers website have attributes that satisfy the sender such location, product category, expiration dates etc., and they are delivered instantly recipient phone via e-mail sms. recipient the recipient receives e-voucher and suregifts merchant redemption visits the specified merchant location app/ussd application/e-commerce redeem for merchandise services. redemption plugins/third-party vouchers are redeemed via mobile app redemption systems e-commerce websites, whatever adopted redemption mechanism. upon redemption vouchers, merchant crypto wallet exchange/debit receive remit tokens which they can hold credit cards/mobile money exchange for other cryptocurrencies fiat, wallets/bank accounts elect receive fiat directly via merchant sureremit-brokered local settlement process. ecosystem merchants for global non-cash remittances user acquisition customer acquisition customers this instance are the senders value abroad and the beneficiaries locally. marketing efforts will targeted both sides. the beneficiaries' side, they will have access systems that enable them request voucher from sender abroad. the sender will receive prompt (via e-mail, sms inapp) with the voucher request, and they can easily respond issuing voucher. this particularly effective for utility bill payments where the request can made such that the sender can pay the bill directly with their remit tokens, without even having issue voucher the beneficiary first. this made possible multiple integrations utility service providers across our target corridors. believe the product has strong network effects and the utility the product will encourage effective word-of-mouth. however, will acquire diaspora customers leveraging digital marketing channels, including online and offline diaspora communities, social media and other digital marketing tools. believe that our ability eliminate the top largest pain point for remittances will create viral effect for sureremit, ensuring that the platform continually utilized and liquidity provided. local peer-to-peer gifting and existing corporate rewards and loyalty programs that are already utilizing suregifts vouchers will also transact using the same utility token, thereby ensuring consistent demand. merchant acquisition over the past years, have worked with merchants developing countries understand the incentives that work for them, their processes, technology limitations and motivating factors for accepting new payments instruments. these merchants are generally incentivized the opportunity boost their sales without additional marketing efforts their part, well the opportunity benefit from large flow funds that they would otherwise have less direct access to. local merchants are typically excited participate the global/broader economy and are willing accept new instruments payment that will facilitate that. their biggest concern trust the payment system provider; suregifts (and its partner companies markets where its not operational) have been able build that over the years, while successfully deploying localized solutions for redemption. for example, voucher redemptions can done over mpesa (an ubiquitous mobile money service) kenya. localized redemption systems, regulatory compliance for prepaid instruments and guaranteed settlements make merchant acquisition possible. there are currently hundreds in-bound merchant integration requests nigeria, kenya, rwanda, argentina, ghana ivory coast and south africa. ecosystem merchants for global non-cash remittances timeline suregifts launched nigeria jan reached redemption points aug launched kenya jul crossed redemption points nov crossed transactions jan joined startups jul expanded rwanda sep white-paper release sureremit concept development research dec oct pre-sale dec token generation event jan beta app release mar expansion into middle east india full app release expansion into latam ecosystem merchants for global non-cash remittances token sale terms this token sale event allows participants contribute sureremit and receive rmt tokens. rmt tokens will community figure token distribution team advisors required utilize sureremit. rmt tokens are not equity representation the company. key dates public sale pre-sale starts: december pre-sale ends: january company crowd-sale starts: january crowd-sale ends: february legal ops total token supply: one billion rmt tokens one $rmt merchant exp. tech development accepted: xlm, eth, btc, ltc marketing guaranteed token demand over local and international companies already use suregifts vouchers power their employee and consumer reward programs different markets. once sureremit launched, transactions will processed via rmt tokens, guaranteeing demand and building value. ecosystem merchants for global non-cash remittances team adeoye ojo co-founder managing zeeshan mallick chief marketing babafemi lawal co-founder sales operations sureremit. officer sureremit. zeeshan has managing technology operations previously led business intelligence extensive experience leading digital sureremit. previously led business for marketing rocket internet's marketing efforts across the world for intelligence rocket internet's jumia, and worked e-commerce brands like orange, microsoft, jumia, and commercial planning consultant uba, one africa's ericcson, barclays bank, and most samsung. leading banks. recently, blockchain startup humaniq. chief digital officer sureremit. chief admin officer michael adeyeri software engineer rayane hocine advisor sureremit. serafima semkina was sureremit. currently working blockchain startup, humaniq. previously the chief admin officer sureremit mobile applications and cryptocurrency investor marketer. blockchain startup, humaniq, where integrations. he's developed award- currently writing book about she managed internal operations, winning applications viral media assets,. blockchain cryptocurrencies for and community functions. was also software engineer jumia beginners. 'laolu samuel-biyi co-founder and manages remittance partnerships sureremit. senior consultant venture garden group, led business intelligence for production purchasing rocket internet's jumia. ecosystem merchants for global non-cash remittances advisors nathan windsor blockchain charlene chen coo bitpesa, eray altili information technology consultant macroscape inc., using africa's largest blockchain company. architech the united nations, where blockchain bring down compliance years private sector and social sector was the blockchain community transaction cost multiple verticals. experience with internet startups, leader and evangelist.he's also worked serial entrepreneur and fortune companies international engineer and senior engineer engineering mentor. non-profits. mba, berkeley haas. nato and ibm europe and the maomao the coo kora dickson nsofor ceo blockchain foundation, infrastructure for infrastructure company, kora inclusive financial systems via the foundation. was previously blockchain. has broad experience business development humaniq with sales and implementation and lectures blockchain for neurensic and capco digital. finance inseec. ecosystem merchants for global non-cash remittances investors founded pule taukobong and startups are one the world's founded glad dibetso, west pardon makumbe, cre.vc are early most prolific investors, with over africa ceo dimension data and investors african company, companies backed globally. charles molapisi, ceo mtn flutterwave and software startups portfolio companies zambia. development company, andela. include creditkarma, remind, talkdesk and udemy. uzoma dozie greenhouse capital the founded aadil mamujee, uzoma dozie the ceo investment arm venture garden products segovia technologies. diamond bank, one africa's group. greenhouse invest musha ventures portfolio includes leading banks. trailblazing fintech companies pocket gems, m-kopa and across africa such appzone, branch.co mines.io and flutterwave. ecosystem merchants for global non-cash remittances company remit tokens are being generated and held greenhouse investment holding company (greenhouse) behalf token holders. greenhouse gbc company incorporated mauritius and operating under mauritian law, and are investors suregifts. greenhouse will assist with providing governance services for the ico the short term and the suregifts company the long term. other than explicitly stated this white paper, greenhouse does not provide the services associated with suregifts. ecosystem merchants for global non-cash remittances conclusion there are over million immigrants across the world sending over $bn every year. they were country, they will the largest the world. the remittance community and economy one the most vibrant and productive, and millions people across the world depend migrants for survival. over remittances are intended support friends and family with basic needs like food, clothing, medicine and utility bill payments. however, the process transferring value across borders achieve these purposes are needlessly difficult and expensive. sureremit leveraging blockchain technology connect senders value across the world directly the merchants that provide the goods and services needed recipients back home. ecosystem merchants for global non-cash remittances