the blockchain for private equity the first globally live security token platform, coming market tokenizing funds and other assets white paper april, contents the white paper are subject changes and improvements. abstract swarm's governance-first model has been designed bring trillion real assets into the blockchain world creating platform for regulatory engagement and fully compliant legal container for highly profitable and scalable investments. with other highly successful network models like visa, our infrastructure fully accessible and entirely governed its community members. use token-based, stake-weighted, liquid democracy system provide both early adopter incentive and input into long-term decision making. this augmented reputational system, which helps streamline capital deployment and allow fusion human and artificial intelligence. launch with multiple partner funds (distressed real estate, art, renewables, hedge funds) who have already deployed $mm+ with irr and team members who have built platforms that handle over transactions per month. our market infrastructure allows funds automate creation, fundraising, deployment, distribution, and reporting via process language that enhancement currently available smart contract technology. disclaimer the attached white paper meant describe swarm's currently anticipated plans for developing its business and its swm tokens. nothing this document should treated read guarantee promise how swarm's business will develop the utility value swm; the document outlines our current plans, which could change our discretion, and the success which will depend many factors outside our control, including marketbased factors and factors within the cryptocurrency industries, among others. any statements about future events are based solely our analysis the issues described this document, and our analysis may prove incorrect. purchasing swm subject many potential risks, some which are described this paper, and some which are provided the faq swm tokens and the token offering and the risk disclosures for the token offering. these documents, along with additional information about our business and the swm, are available our website. purchasers swm could lose all some the value the funds used purchase swm. make sure review: https://docs.swarm.fund/swarm-otc-risk-disclosures.pdf https://docs.swarm.fund/swarm-otc-token-term-sheet.pdf introduction overview the ultimate value proposition current investment drawbacks mission statement: why created swarm fund swarm innovations liquid democracy swarm token two-tiered token model token utility and value swarm platform model swarm layers platform components swarm applications characteristics pilot asset classes crypto hedge fund distressed real estate solar installations purpose-driven funding pools token offering token offering brief token allocation roadmap key activities finances development roadmap leadership core team capital market advisors technology advisors governance and organizational design advisors partners legal innovations media coverage references introduction overview the swarm fund team plans help the crypto world grow trillion bringing tokenized real-world assets through partner funds. swarm building technology bottom-up, with fully operational liquid democracy platform for making key decisions related investment opportunities swarm. the swarm fund team has managed portfolios and built platforms which handle monthly deal flow and already has several pre-selected funds which generate irr through scalable models powered artificial intelligence. our technology and blockchain co-op model will likely also useful for other industry verticals besides finance. people should participate they believe the value proposition democratizing finance, collaborative ownership, high returns, and the soundness both the team and technology. swarm token holders will govern the platform which all this will happen and receive additional tokens the private blockchain. this will allow them participate all the subfunds. this system designed adaptable for full regulatory compliance multiple jurisdictions. the corridor between the public and private blockchain tokens additionally designed fully aml/kyc compliant and follow the model existing exchanges. swarm goes beyond the typical ico approach: standard ico approach swarm approach utility token public blockchain utility token public blockchain, and unlimited security tokens private blockchain unclear underlying value sub-tokens backed existing highly profitable sub-funds holding real assets single swiss nonprofit foundation seven inter-networked legal entities different jurisdictions united one platform co-op unclear relation with regulators direct relationships with regulators multiple jurisdictions and organized legal conferences with extremely positive responses prototype product product working alpha product utility layer and private blockchain asset structure governance liquid democracy model foundation level well for each security token separately allows users vote any kind issue experience delivering product team includes two previous ceos with proven track records building and selling companies and private equity domain experience token value derived from velocity token transfer token value derived from functioning "gas" all fund operations and token transactions the network unknown non-existent aml/kyc fully compliant investor qualification (aml/kyc, etc.) through private blockchain implementation fully implementing local jurisdictions the ultimate value proposition additionally, peer-to-peer models are perfect substrate for the utilization artificial intelligence and much higher degree automation general. peer-to-peer models combined with models cooperative ownership also allow high degree resistance abuse big data, well integration with other governance systems offset any potential abuses. from the standpoint organizational design, wall st. collection archaic incentive models waiting for fully peerto-peer organization disintermediate and redistribute the wealth that monopolized small group insiders. wall st. insiders are able manipulate market prices creating artificial scarcity and promoting fear and ignorance other models. systems are product their incentives. the existing wall st. model has incentives for protectionism and hierarchy, swarm fund has incentives for early identification talent and rewards that proportionally follow high performance. peer-to-peer models consistently beat protectionist monopoly-based models because they directly incentivize top performers rather than creating multiple levels opaque hierarchy, and because they layer dynamically-generated reputation top these models. current investment drawbacks meanwhile, tokens that store digital value are breaking into the mainstream investment landscape new asset class which allocate investment capital. this largely driven increasing awareness the extreme returns generated the early investors this category. but for the mainstream investor, this new asset class presents challenges; namely, the workflow basics navigating trading, and maintaining asset security. crypto asset holders the investment landscape for crypto asset holders largely limited choice either selection established crypto currencies, (e.g. bitcoin, ether, ripple etc.) selection more recently issued tokens (i.e. altcoins). while overall crypto asset developments are extremely positive, both asset categories have significant challenges associated with them from investment perspective. for bitcoin and ether, volatility major factor. holding significant portfolio bitcoin and ether implies that the net asset value fluctuates significant percentage monthly basis. investment, this could desired, but for the purpose predictable preservation value, highly undesirable. for investment altcoins, the challenges are primarily related the evaluation assets prior investment, and lack liquidity post investment. also difficult for many investors clearly understand the market dynamics the coins. although the two million crypto asset transactions every week between people, businesses, and charities suggest significant value exchange, the grand question the intrinsic value bitcoin and its peers remains. market problems traditional investing over the last years, simple s&p index fund outperformed large-cap funds. meanwhile, the percentages mid-cap and small-cap funds lagging their benchmarks were and respectively. the odds actively-managed domestic equity mutual fund performing better than index fund are nearly bad out finding products with high investment return challenge, which increases the target return increases. the marquee products offering more than returns are invariably hard access (bridgewater generally requires that its clients have minimum billion investable assets). take real estate example. investors bridge the new financial world "look, this perfect asset for speculative bubble...there finite supply. there intrinsic value. anybody persuading you that should somehow related some gdp gold...put down the kool-aid and back away." henry blodget, founder and ceo business insider, cnbc's squawk alley http://www.marketwatch.com/story/why-way-fewer-actively-managed-funds-beat-the-sp-than-we-thought--- https://www.elitetrader.com/et/threads/so-you-want-bridgewater-to-manage-your-money-there-is-one-small-condition./ mostly face three major challenges: the most exciting deals are for insiders only; accessing them requires working through middlemen that are costly, sometimes untrustworthy, and who often only operate locally. large amounts money are required participate the best opportunities. worst all, investment often tied down for indefinite amount time. combinations these challenges are part any traditional investment product category, e.g. private equity and hedge funds. core objective: follow the experts swarm allows experts run their own syndicates and have other crypto investors join them projects and deal opportunities, with middlemen involved. are building ecosystem experts with any kind edge (track record, trading ability, unique data, unique deal access, etc.) order allow crypto investors follow and coinvest with them. this changes the mechanics the traditional fund/gp model, investments can large small the investor wants them be, and they can operate the fund structures very flexibly. also, breaks the syndicates gatekeepers and rigid structures institutional capital deployed today. mission statement: why created swarm fund swarm fully decentralized capital swarm fully decentralized capital marketplace platform built blockchain technology that entirely owned the community. our vision allow anyone, anywhere the world, participate value creation within the crypto asset category and capture opportunity new types asset-backed tokens, including real estate, hedge funds, solar installations, and many more. swarm transforms financial opportunities from exclusive inclusive. provide access and tradability that anyone can take part and have their crypto funds work for them. with swarm, will: make extremely simple for hands-off novice crypto investors participate composite wealth creation resulting from utilizing the crypto space. create viable framework and hub for crypto investors invest into alternative, asset-backed token opportunities, order escape market volatility. introduce new alternative liquidity hub for project owners with attractive underlying economics find capital and engage with the investor community. core objective: combine token flexibility with real opportunities crypto investors have appreciated the flexibility and immediate market-making function that tokenization has introduced. tokens and their underlying smart contracts represent the ultimate opportunity for two parties come together and interact without middlemen. one benefit the freedom trade co-own tokens. that the freedom want bring any kind asset. when participant likes opportunity running swarm, they will able pool funds together with others and invest little much they want order realize the project and see the opportunity grow. the same time, all projects become tradable, asset-backed tokens. participants can buy sell these tokens whenever they want; they decide how long engage. all trades are made using blockchain technology, making them fast, transparent, and secure. core objective: collective intelligence believe the swarm intelligence hypothesis that decentralized networks can out-compete traditional centralized entities, and that the trust and transparency embedded blockchains greatly facilitates this. the foundational element the blockchain data transparency, which provides basis for unprecedented degree machine-driven methods generate insights and take actions. ultimately, with swarm envision degree investment automation that helps participants make informed and data-driven investment decisions, while using reputational scores maintain the health the market. our automation can even further, where every step the investment process, from workflows establishment legal structures, will eventually automated, creating efficient system without single points failure control. with swarm envision unseen degree investment automation. swarm innovations liquid democracy swarm employs enhanced voting stake process. the enhanced voting stake makes use locking period and proposed addition the stake-weighted liquid democracy (which does not allow tokens traded for certain period). this can also allow person have proportionally higher voting weight they have provable long-term stake the network. network democracy liquid democracy network democracy stake-weighted delegated voting system (liquid democracy) that also provides options for enhanced stake and programmable liquidity. stake-weighted means that voting power directly proportional the amount stake you have project. the blockchain world, this typically called your "tokens" "coins." the world stock, this would called your "stock" "shares." liquid democracy involves "delegated voting" and implies that user can delegate their vote another party any point, for long duration they desire. this allows users maintain degree control without having participate minute decision making. this some ways similar the decision investor makes when they give someone capital for project; the key distinction that liquid democracy, the investor retains control the capital. stake-weighted liquid democracy highly flexible governance model that accommodates any structure, from one-member-one-vote, traditional corporate arrangements, novel forms collectives. also appropriately incentivizes the many different types possible contributions network (code, community contributions, funding) and allows for both decision-making capability and rewards. also integrates with other automated decision-making structures, such futarchy. traditional model: funding pool organization governed network democracy that distributes funds. can structured similarly investment fund, which case seeks opportunities some other purpose (e.g., advocacy, education). funds that into any funding pool can allocated higher-level network democracy received independently. key element the swarm platform the use tokenized assets. swarm may used govern other real-world assets, such real estate and other tokenized elements derived from classic investment vehicles. specific details these deal opportunities are made available members the network. swarm platform representation holonic principles positive one important for separating signal from noise (an example similar problem being facebook fake news). with other open networks, has open-access policy and the nature the endorsements pseudonymous. trust network the trust network made many independent trust endorsements (i.e. vectors), which create accountability and allow automation. trust equation the trust the sum all trusted parties and their recommendations from the standpoint individual (here represented vectors, which can positive negative). this case, record all these endorsements and allow multiple levels ascription and derivation. trust currency made individual immutable trust vectors. each trust vector endorsement. endorses for this has timestamp and optional weight represented number from the ability provide negative filter well helps incentivize positive overall social contributions and augments the network more generally. also allows full automation. for example, portfolio allocation decisions can made artificial intelligence. also makes certain other accountability mechanisms less necessary due the strong social component. trust graph these vectors are optimally represented graph. this graph illustrates that trust (including what believe true) can derived from the various trust vectors the network. the implications trust model are numerous. open reputation ledger built individual trust vectors critical element the swarm platform. swarm trust vectors trustgraph.io harlan wood, adam apollo swarm token the token distributed during the token launch known the swarm token, swm. the swm token standard erc token (on the ethereum platform) that allows one use the swarm software platform. the utility unlocked the swm token the ability create subfunds, participate token offerings swarm projects, get access information that exclusive our network, and execute network governance functions. member participation key the swarm platform. over time, more functionality will released that helps generate swarm intelligence for the benefit the network. this follows the model pioneered visa, swift, and other consortia where common infrastructure maintained member organizations. two-tiered token model the swarm ecosystem has two types tokens. the swarm token (swm) utility token, and the essential element that powers the swarm ecosystem. used gas implement the token economics swarm. proofs create self-enforcing mechanism, encouraging thriving decentralized network participants. participating providers and consumers the network use the swm token settle transactions the platform and provide other services operate the network. the swm token also grants access swarm's governance technology, which used govern any significant decision made the platform. src token standard. the src standard implements fundamental characteristics support regulatory compliant issuance security tokens, such transfer restrictions. the second token category swarm the security token layer, whereby each investment opportunity swarm represented its own security token, supporting the basic structure the swarm token token utility and value general, incentives and counter-incentives elements game theory are not new blockchain projects, and act core functions that encourage desired behaviour decentralized system. bitcoin's proof-of-work (pow) incentivizes miners process transactions the network, thereby securing return for monetary reward the first miner that solves arbitrary mathematical problem and creates new block. the generation model with proof-of-stake (pos) more efficient protocol for validating transactions. new block creators are chosen deterministically, there block reward, and instead, the chosen block creator rewarded proportionally their wealth, stake the network. other words, with pos, incentives are constructed buy and hold some the coins being minted, with miners incentivized transaction fees. democratizing finance. we're going further than opening alternative high-performing investment opportunities all people rich and poor. now we're seeing the rise projects inspired "the third wave crypto" decentralized projects that provide incentives and rewards that promote deeper collaboration and real-world interaction, incorporate machine learning and artificial intelligence, and bring real assets the blockchain. we're now moving from incentives that encourage support the network and proving blocks, rewarding important value-adding services the community token holders (in addition the core value proposition central the system). swarm, we're building distributed system that ai-powered, community-governed, and will evolve into self-sustaining and efficient global resource marketplace. swarm token utility model the token model has two core elements: the swm tokens are created for the network govern market infrastructure for large pool assets running the swarm network. the swarm (swm) utility token has limited supply tokens. the src tokens are security tokens, minted the syndicate manager each investment opportunity, that represent ownership that investment. neo's users are rewarded gas create network that deploys and runs smart contracts. sia tokens incentivize data hosts stay online, building network decentralized storage with sufficient redundancy. simply put, we're seeing the first signs blockchain-based self-sustaining ecosystems that disentangle massive inefficiencies the current economy. that context, the swm token has three essential functions the swarm platform, each which add its value unique way, and each incentivized the network. this spirit, have been designing cryptoeconomic token model that believe achieves far more than its core vision the swm token the essential element which powers the swarm ecosystem proofs create self-enforcing incentive mechanism encouraging thriving decentralized network token holders service providers project owners swm voice swm value swm gas swm used govern vote, the swm the incentive and the reward swm required launch new direction the platform for services provided the platform investment opportunities and keep them operational swm gas swm functions the core element that powers investments operate. the investment side, fund managers are required pay swm when they launch new investment opportunities and keep them operational for their duration. call this gas for fund operations (gfo), and has the following characteristics: gfo calculated percentage net assets under value (in $usd) and payable swm gfo withdrawn ongoing basis, needed, order fund operations subject iteration early adopters, initial gfo will the range capital placements, allows for tradeability and liquidity. however, rather than directly paying gcd the fund, swarm offers investors strategic choice. investors choose between: liquidity: investors can opt keep their investment liquid and tradeable, which case the corresponding gcd forfeited, but they receive regular returns their investment, commitment: investors can opt lock their investment for fixed period time, correspondingly locking their gcd for the same amount time. capital, returns, and the full amount locked gcd fully refunded the end the locking period. note that investors could choose liquidity first and once they gain comfort with the investment, later move into commitment lower basis (as some the gcd will already have been released prorated basis). subject iteration early adopters, initial gcd will the range fund managers are required continuously maintain positive balance swm cover their expected gfo needs. managers are able plan their purchase swm times optimal them, taking into account market forces, their own expert analysis, and future investment requirements. future iterations, this will fully powered artificial intelligence. for example, real estate fund that expects make large investment year's time may opt front-load their purchase swm now, taking advantage current prices and known market conditions. strategically opting lock one's gcd acts proof-of-commitment, and brings enormous benefits for both investors and fund managers: fund managers can act investments with far greater certainty knowing investor funds are committed, and can recycle and reinvest capital rather than paying returns out regularly, giving them greater ability negotiate using their assets. investors who lock their gcd can also benefit from potential appreciation the value swm once their chosen locking period has ended. swm raised from gfo automatically sent smart contract that acts proof-ofservice pool. this pool then used reward third-party actors that provide additional value-adding operational services such audit, accounting, marketing services, further adding value the platform whole and promoting its growth. swarm's proof-of-commitment powerful that we've introduced further incentive mechanism encourage it, especially for those funds whom capital commitment strategically important. fund managers are given the option match investor's gcd commitment with their own, any ratio they like. this greatly amplifies investors' potential the other side the equation, investors are required pay swm when they allocate capital investment. call this gas for capital deployment (gcd) and can thought traditional placement fee that, contrast other private equity returns the expiration the lock. example, solar installation california, for whom capital commitment important, may offer -for- gcd matching incentive for -year lock, meaning that investors who choose commit their investment receive bonus double their locked swm tokens the end the locking period. gcd proof-of-commitment allows investors effectively neutralize their placement gas and therefore boost their returns, while giving plannability and certainty managers. both win. swm voice perhaps the most revolutionary feature the swarm platform and the one are very passionate about its liquid democracy voting module. swarm built with governance designed into the core, and every level. blockchain maturing beyond payment systems, stores value, and distributed applications (dapps). are entering the age real assets the blockchain. art installations, marijuana plantations, and community-funded infrastructure are all going conceptualized, debated, crowd-funded, realized, and managed the blockchain. none these functions can performed without layer governance, arguably the most fundamental and important utility swm. direct governance investments necessary and important, are not building swarm another middleman. the ultimate goal found ecosystem independently governed engagements; upgraded iteration the dao. incentivized governance governance inherently key swarm self-governance ensures the evolution the platform swarm's governance model enables the foundation allocates budgets incentivize governance direct representation for minorities through liquid democracy, votes can delegated those with only token holders have voting domain-specific knowledge rights platform investment-level decisions voters are rewarded with swm for delegation grants better-informed individuals greater voting power participating taking actions through incentivized governance, the improve the system swarm foundation building fully decentralized, self-governing proof-of-participation participants get rewarded for making proposals voting the swm value swm's value derives directly from its powers incentive and reward; powers that combine asset management with resource efficiency, powers that strengthen community engagement, and powers that derive and keep value within the platform. optimal behavior clear within the system for all actors and summarized the table below: specialized knowledge, and further compete matching incentives. infrastructure and service providers are incentivized continuously innovate and advance the virtuous competitive cycle delivering more lower cost. while initial monetary policies for gas prices will set the foundation, future policy will voted and iterated early participants. successful interaction amongst all stakeholders will, over time, permit the swarm foundation act mentor and guide, moving from its role architect and administrator. investors choose between two powerful strategies when allocating their resources. fund managers plan and optimize their operational requirements according their syndicates syndicates investors investors the userthe decides user his/her decidesstrategy his/her strategy the syndicate the syndicate incentivized incentivized plan &topurchase plan purchase they canthey choose canto choose forfeitto orforfeit lock the swm lock the token, swm token, choosingchoosing betweenbetween liquidity liquidity commitment commitment future requirements future requirements appreciation appreciation swm swm swm from swm thefrom market theat market the optimal the time optimal power time power matching matching investor commitments investor commitments allow more allow more mechanics mechanics come into come playinto play swarm swarm infrastructure infrastructure providers providers the foundation's the foundation's core rolecore torole develop develop the initialthe initial the ecosystem the ecosystem matures,matures, the incentives the incentives provide provide the network grow services services the network grow trials the trials system thecomponents system components hand them hand over them over other actors other over actors timeover time the same for any service, specific the service, the the same time, fortime, any specific flow actors who greatestgreatest rewards rewards naturallynaturally flow actors who swmas circulates swm circulates amongstamongst all network all network members, members, performed most efficiently performed most efficiently the foundation's the foundation's role naturally role naturally devolvesdevolves state state distributed distributed self-governance self-governance swarm seeks not only create interesting software, but also community those interested sharing their project opportunities with other swarm participants. swarm platform model swarm layers the swarm platform will composed three primary layers: core, services, and application. primary layers the swarm platform layer swarm core the core layer provides the foundational system components and smart contracts for swarm use: network governance token management with consensus via liquid democracy, and management interface. this also includes system replications the preferred legal frameworks, reputational engine, and decentralized collaboration, well foundational processes around security and data transparency. the core layer framework allows for the creation and management new projects. and always will free and open use. layer swarm services the swarm services layer will offer additional services top swarm core. these services are meant make extremely easy for any participants build investment applications top swarm and serve the marketplace the most creative way. these services will include full-stack setup vertical swarm funds (via special purpose vehicles, spvs), operating swarm syndicates, asset custodian services, and any automation ongoing investment operations. more features will introduced best meet the requirements the evolving marketplace. application templates, customization tools, and advanced data processing capabilities will allow our users execute their visions faster while lowering the barrier entry for new investment applications come market. while applications and participants are welcome interact with swarm the core level, will offering swarm services accelerate the go-to-market process and reduce operational costs. swarm services will offered using license-fee model. layer swarm applications the highest layer, top the swarm services layer directly operating the swarm core, the swarm applications layer. these applications are both front-end well some cases application back-ends that are specific target investment use cases and/or target segments. our vision for swarm have wide variety investment applications built the same platform technology and liquidity pool. some these applications may built swarm, while others will built third parties. our vision for swarm have wide variety investment applications built the same platform technology and liquidity pool. these applications will likely charge additional fees use alternative business models such market making, information selling, revenue/profit sharing. further described the following section, many such swarm applications may include the release their own utility tokens core component their business model. platform components liquid democracy voting module governance core swarm's mission. and core that mission create infrastructure that allows participants vote issues trustless, transparent, and auditable way, which can persist outside swarm organization. therefore swarm creating "liquid democracy voting module" ("ldvm"), which has been the basis all voting that the swarm organization has performed internally and externally, and first versions are already available. the ldvm intended configurable any developer, integrated with other platforms, and executed outside the swarm platform. the ldvm will able customized specific voting populations, issue discoveries, and consensus methods, well voting processes. further, major objective new voting systems relieve participants ongoing voting obligations complexities around voting. with the ldvm, users are able delegate their votes others persistent fashion, and differentiated issue category and duration. with these abilities, the governance the foundation, well each the underlying src tokens and related legal entities, can performed completely new ways; for example, there longer necessity for board structures. the ldvm intended become universally applicable voting engine for any part the swarm platform, and usable beyond swarm other related even unrelated projects. particular, the open architecture this module will lead exciting new applications and use cases well beyond swarm. purpose-driven funding wallets ("blackbird") one the use cases powered the ldvm will the blackbird wallet. blackbird wallet smart, multi-user wallet that collects funds and deploys them target address that approved using stake-weighted majority. each blackbird wallet can potentially have connections realize its purpose the swarm network, but not necessarily. blackbird will allow the pooling capital, such for purpose that has yet specified, and all participants together make decisions along the way about the deployment capital. the purpose gets further specified, more participants gain confidence and invest more capital, and on. while setup like this can have many different use cases, the first iteration the wallet will used onetime fund collection and deployment instrument and evergreen (ongoing) fund collection and deployment instrument. there are number powerful use cases that can powered blackbird wallets. think uber drivers pooling their capital buy corner position uber. the creation foundation offset the carbon footprint the blockchain. artificial intelligence infrastructure for the ai-driven investment economy the name "swarm" reference "swarm intelligence," form decentralized intelligence. the natural world, manifests selforganizing communities like ant colonies, flocking birds, and schooling fish. swarm intelligence also employed the vanguard artificial intelligence technology. swarm (the company) taking practical, multi-phasic approach solving real-world problems, while building the infrastructure and ecosystem that will allow for decentralized intelligence occur. the first phase swarm simple approach: providing users and industry professionals with tools make more informed investment decisions via products machine learning. within the swarm ecosystem, are rolling out practical reinforcement learning algorithm that uses multi-armed bandit approach (i.e., algorithm that acquires knowledge performing multiple experiments simultaneously, assessing results, and quickly learning optimize outcomes). this will combined with some traditional financial analytics models (ema, macd, ichimoku cloud), along with more sophisticated models (lstm, phased-lstm and others). anticipate this taking few months roll out, the algorithms require sufficient data and voting within the ecosystem order provide robust model. deep roster funds are the pipeline get listed the swarm platform, and our astute will analyze them all. not only will deploy our bots for the direct benefit swarm platform participants; will also offer these tools and infrastructure swarm syndicates create crypto hedge funds that trade using machine learning algorithms (ml) addition traditional trading strategies. the second phase will advance the platform few very important ways: first, will allow for active trading based individual configuration and preferences within the swarm platform. some may individually use the tools, and others may create funds and offer them syndicates top the platform. swarm members will able participate those strategies via the swarm platform. there are few key advancements this phase: the goal will employ large ensemble models whose number will determined market factors. using many reinforcement learning agents, "bots," can program them compete with each other, honing their "intelligence," and maximizing potential rewards. master algo will choose how execute trades based observed potential rewards and observed market behavior. the goal decentralize the ai, eventually achieving proper swarm intelligence (today are getting closer, but still not entirely decentralized from model perspective.). key component this phase the ability models give information other models. this mutual informing can both adversarial and constructive nature. models that can win the vote the trade get more reward. doing so, models learn capture and maximize reward across many different market conditions while tailored different trading preferences investors. the third phase big and extremely exciting one. phase will fully decentralize the ability trade within the swarm network, and link with other technologies. while phase allowed the swarm professionals build out fund organizations upon which swarm members can vote and invest, phase will allow any individual quant and model builder tokenize their own models and strategies, and effectively create their own funds. these models can trading algorithms, models that serve other monetary purposes. for example, model builder can provide language model with the ability parse and make sense twitter telegram feeds. then, other models can tap that model for information. the goal create the core market infrastructure and network incentives allow for both model competition and genetic evolution performance and fitness, thus allowing for model primitives evolve, which then generalize different domains. will release more technical information this the near future. swarm applications swarm-supported asset types with the swarm investment platform serving technology reference framework well global liquidity hub, decentralized application developers will able create new classes investment assets that can used any number simple complex applications. the following section lays out defining characteristics asset classes which pilot the swarm platform, followed subsequent sections that highlight number use cases that swarm has identified interesting target markets and which are readily deployable using the swarm platform. characteristics pilot asset classes when launching marketplace technology critically important (a) build trust with the participants and (b) provide curated pilot use cases that allow the marketplace take off the right direction and with the right momentum. identifying the first target asset use cases, have tried balance both. particularly light issues that led the rise and fall the dao, approached this project with significant diligence and preparation, before being able bring market-ready proposal the community. strongly felt was important the early stages demonstrate tangible platform viability, able show viability and material attractivity, and able quickly scale within the use cases they prove their efficacy meeting exceeding expectations. therefore, invested significant efforts into identifying asset classes that have the following key characteristics, among others: have the ability start with small amount investment. show continuous tangible returns. represent range risk-reward profiles that are relevant the crypto investor community and provide relevant alternative asset profiles (e.g. roi annually, focused global impact, etc.). are well-established and understood from assessment/ratings perspective. scale significant size quickly crypto hedge fund distressed real estate investing crypto assets presents unique challenges, revolving around trading workflows and asset security. requires expert knowledge properly navigate the market and aware the latest market dynamics specialized market verticals, starting with liquidity movements, arbitrage opportunities, proper assessment the latest marketinfluencing industry news. the syndicate with which are collaborating forms crypto hedge fund that strives "ahead the curve" with the goal simplify value creation for crypto investors offering the best experience engage with network investors, collaborators, and opinion makers. the objective present incentivized platform for vertical experts trade their unique market knowledge data and provide uncorrelated, risk-adjusted alpha relative industry benchmarks. the composite investment strategy includes rightfrequency trading into highly curated portfolio crypto assets, derivatives market-making, and mining proof-ofstake tokens. the goal create blend selected best trades based proprietary algorithms, market-neutral quantitative models, and fully automated execution. real estate investments present unique opportunity for private equity real asset engagements. especially interesting are submarket segments like distressed real estate primarily focused judicial foreclosure states. the syndicate leader have partnered with has created machine-driven platform identify negative equity real estate foreclosure auctions, and acquire these "subject to" existing liens from impartial federal bankruptcy trustee. during the very long judicial foreclosure timelines, this provides years rental income, and some cases the fund even able clear liens steep discount and immediately sell the property profit. this produces exceptionally high cash returns and excellent opportunity, even economic downturn. solar installations there doubt that renewable energy, and particularly solar, the rise and interesting asset category. the unit economics producing, installing and maintaining solar panels have improved significantly and made the investment case interesting opportunity with annual returns. additionally, there are significant tax breaks various regions globally, especially california, which presents additional major economic benefits. the syndicate operators have been evaluating have been successfully building investment platform specifically for this application. we'll create blend selected best trades based proprietary algorithms, marketneutral quantitative models and fully automated execution. purpose-driven funding pools swarm also aiming help generate impact investments for nonprofits and social enterprises that help meet significant community needs and address humanity's grand challenges. are working ensure basic needs are met for all people, while sustaining and improving quality life and mitigating future risks. hope involve individuals and institutions who are using their resources for social good, and are looking beyond simply making traditional philanthropic gifts. seek help them leverage their capital directly, with purpose they deeply care about, and perhaps even earn small gain over time. believe the crypto community has successfully proven that can build incentives for the community itself create desired outcomes. envision purpose-driven funding pools, that incentivize the entrepreneurial community create solutions meet the challenges and compete for the "bounty" delivering "social proof-of-stake", similar the way the x-prizes have fueled innovation. believe the crypto community has successfully proven that can build incentives for the community itself create desired outcomes. token offering token offering brief the swarm organization created tokens, and budgeted tokens sold purchasers. these, were sold the current token offering, are projecting sell tokens, targeting raise $.m usd denominated eth. should the demand higher, the swarm foundation can decide re-allocate token budgets expand the sale. with the above, the cap share distribution changes favor the community. such, higher market demand within the sale simply allows for more exchange listings the sun network and augments the value the platform. our method drip liquidity ensures that earlier token holders cannot immediately "dump" all their tokens after the purchase. after the token generation, the members voted introduce liquidity option that releases the token liquidity equal releases every days. the first liquidity release started nov and full liquidity will reached jul token allocation the total tokens created, tokens will contributors (past swarm members, advisors, pool for future contributors), while tokens are assigned the core team. roadmap key activities for the past months have been executing key activities, including the launch the live swarm platform: our team developed concrete, trusted investment opportunities, with goal showing successes and pushing the marketplace the right direction. the initial deployment the swarm platform went live jan substantial work has been performed toward viable legal frameworks for swarm initiatives. implementation regulatory framework across different jurisdictions for security tokens has started, including integration with service providers for e-infrastructure and aml/kyc. ramping community engagement efforts, swarm has investors registered the live platform, with ongoing significant growth. have developed pipeline funds that want list the platform; are developing onboarding processes and launching them soon. have created partnerships with exchanges support src security tokens. finances product development costs: platform development will include building upon and securing core smart contracts, additional frameworks such decentralized reputational engine, trading and management interfaces, service-level app templates and customization tools, and integrations with future ethereum other blockchain infrastructure such exchanges, custodian service providers, and stablecoins. will develop certain custodian components for swarm wallet holders and work with experts for custodian services (e.g., ledger). legal regulatory costs: legal requirements include corporate setups different locations for crowdsale, operations, and other licenses. post-launch, will work with legal advisors and regulators different jurisdictions develop legal opinions the interpretation with local laws, and become compatible with e-infrastructure and aml/kyc and accreditation infrastructures various markets. ongoing resources are required for investment and possible other use cases legal work. legal contingency fund will reserved case future need. our token sale, are projecting raise $.m usd denominated eth. for capital allocation, the main principle that funds will towards operational expenses and platform development. our current team members have managed individual portfolios excess and built platforms with excess deal flow. fund usage will split approximately evenly between platform and application development. use contributions marketing sales: sales and business development efforts will focused identifying and forming relationships with new projects and existing partnerships that can built swarm. marketing will focused promoting swarm applications potential customer segments and markets. additional efforts will spent increasing awareness and knowledge the swarm platform and what can built with (applications, etc.). development roadmap current state swarm has been under development for over months. since then there have been multiple iterations the core elements swarm. these include the smart contracts powering the framework well the general web interface. the swarm platform has fully operational live implementation since january the current operational platform supports key use cases, such voting within network democracy (including delegation), wallet transfers (eth/btc/swm), and allocation capital towards investment opportunities. current active interface live platform http://invest.swarm.fund future development phase (quarter legal automation: underlying the swarm platform, our goal automate most the administrative processes related foundation spvs (special purpose vehicles) and fund deployment. seek work with e-governance providers make this seamless and scalable possible. src token standard protocol, with integration exchanges supporting security tokens. leadership core team philipp pieper co-founder chief executive officer (ceo) philipp serial tech entrepreneur and became interested decentralized technologies when interacting with bittorrent, inc. and the mozilla foundation. philipp has been start-up entrepreneur for the past years and veteran the digital data space. after holding various private equity and management positions within deutsche bank and allianz group, philipp was founder and ceo proximic, global data provider for digital media buyers (acquired comscore and mentor various accelerators such stanford's startx, singularity university, well techcode. holds degrees engineering and business administration and attended berlin university technology and berkeley, haas school business. timo lehes co-founder chief investment officer (cio) timo has over years experience from starting, running, exiting and investing software companies. timo has served investor and executive technology companies, with extensive experience from building, running and investing software companies and leading various merger and acquisition deals. throughout his career, timo has invested more than companies. with specific focus financial technology fintech, has contributed the creation several alternative investment platforms. currently serves board member bankerbay, the world's largest deal origination platform for mid-market private equity deals. holds degrees engineering and business administration from chalmers university technology and early stage investing from continuing studies stanford school business. chris eberle chief operating officer (coo) chris digital veteran with passion for building global businesses and communities. built the media partner services and operations teams facebook, with global responsibility for connecting public figures, creators, and publishers create authentic content facebook and instagram. then led teams global business marketing, responsible for real world experiences that drive online business results with facebook partners. prior facebook, eberle was part startup exits federated media and meebo (acquired google). earlier his career, eberle spent decade aol, where started contract worker and eventually served executive roles marketing and advertising. chris alumnus syracuse university and the harvard business school. frank taylor head frank brings nearly years experience with expertise statistical modeling and machine learning. has served senior data scientist and engineer hotel tonight, earnest inc., and personagraph among others, and advisor and has provided solutions for multitude startups. currently directing his efforts toward decentralized machine learning and differential privacy, and working advance the domain artificial intelligence the future decentralized ecosystem. "jazzwall" sharad jaiswal head product operations jazzwall has been implementing and orchestrating enterprise projects and graduate tech-training programs swiss and wall street banks for the last decade. hard put box, project manager, full stack developer, professional photographer, entrepreneur, and very interested crypto markets. vivian jane smith project admin vivian jane passionate about connecting real people real power ways that support both individual potential and harmonious global paradigm. that end, employing two decades experience top sales leader, human wellness guide, and energy medicine practitioner, she fervent advocate for the widespread adoption blockchain technologies that allow decentralized governance and financial sovereignty. her goal empower everyday people spreading awareness and application these revolutionary new systems. katerina kan katerina visionary entrepreneur focused building sustainable global paradigm business and communication. she applies the principles symbiotic environments, energy optimization, and human wellness her background administration, management, commerce, and customer service. capital market advisors chris kitze ceo safe cash, co-creator flashcoin, and chairman the alphabit digital currency foundation, chris serial entrepreneur who has created companies with over billion market capitalization over his -year career. he's been part the lycos' ipo team, was founder and ceo xoom.com (ipo: and was ceo nbci, formed the merger xoom.com and snap.com, addition other companies digital media and payments, such wine.com and unseen. dapps fund, which was lead investor the initial crowdsale for ethereum, factom, maidsafe and storj. currently heads the ico investment committee for alphabit fund, and advises numerous blockchain companies. terpin has led the efforts for more than blockchain companies and foundations, including some the leading token crowdsales. client successes include the launches aeternity, augur, bancor, ethereum, factom, gnosis, golem network, lisk, maidsafe, qtum, and tether, well ongoing campaigns for bittrex, counterparty, dash, eos, kraken, nem, neo, storj and shapeshift. anthony iorio ceo founder jaxx decentral, founder ethereum. anthony iorio serial entrepreneur, vc, community organizer, and thought leader the field decentralized technologies. born and raised toronto, iorio the former chief digital officer the tmx group and toronto stock exchange, founder and ceo decentral, software development company focused blockchain technologies, and founder and ceo jaxx, multi-token, blockchain interface that provides unified experience across platforms and devices. iorio funded, and along with vitalik buterin and others founded the smart contract platform ethereum. mark oei until end mark was sequoia capital where served managing director the venture capital firm's heritage fund, multistrategy vehicle offering institutional investors and family offices investment exposure multiple asset classes. leader the real asset group mark has been seeking opportunistic real estate investments both domestically and abroad. earlier, mark was managing director focused real estate oaktree capital management, one the largest institutional alternative investment managers the united states, and was morgan stanley focused acquisitions for the morgan stanley real estate funds. michael terpin ceo transform group icos), coinagenda, alphabit fund; bitangels; founder, marketwired; advisor blockchain companies. terpin co-founded bitangels, the world's first angel network for digital currency startups, which gave birth the successful coinagenda series blockchain investor conferences north america, europe/emea, asia and caribbean/latam. co-founded early blockchain incubator bcommerce labs; the bitcoin syndicate angellist (with legendary super-angel gil penchina), and the vivek krishnappa vivek board member for the watttime. org, advisor for nexleaf analytics, advisor for fintech and cleantech astia and former managing director for securities lending blackrock. technology advisors goverance and organizational design advisors noah thorp founder, ceo comakery noah's career technical entrepreneur built the principles rapid feedback through experiments, continuous learning, spirited creativity, and iterating towards excellence. these principles have directed noah's path through agile software development developer, lean product management, responsive org building cofounder, and ecosystem building platform creator. christian jacken co-founder liquid democracy, former global bitcoin alliance, eff supporter. adam apollo adam the founder the guardian alliance and trust.exchange. brad nye founder tribalize summit and burning man organizer. bogdan fiedur full stack developer and entrepreneur. since the beginning involved "smart contract" design and implementation for ethereum, using solidity. knowledgeable all aspects e-commerce website, backend and front-end. experienced setting network environment, running and maintaining servers. experienced supervising teams developers, preparing technical design documents, preparing testing plans and integrating existing applications with newer technologies. david kammeyer software developer and platform manager. matthew tan ceo and founder etherscan. distributed labs https://distributedlab.com/ distributed labs partner developing swarm portal application layer and custom blockchain development. partners distributed lab blockchain experts securevote https://secure.vote the award-winning team securevote responsible for the development the swarm fund liquid democracy voting module (ldvm). the ldvm universally applicable and decentralized voting engine which can used for any part the swarm platform. tokensoft https://www.tokensoft.io tokensoft full-service smart contract development service company with specialization token sale applications; tokensoft helped develop the swm token smart contracts and related technology. amazix https://www.amazix.com amazix provides full community management services and aids swarm spreading the mission our company across the globe. wings https://www.wings.ai intend use the wings prediction service estimate the target size our own raise and other sub-asset tokens. jaxx https://jaxx.io/ fusionico https://fusionico.pro fusionico full-service blockchain advisory firm specializing asia markets, and providing translation, community management, pr, and marketing services for swarm chinese, japanese, and korean, well performing outreach investors and institutions china, japan, korea, malaysia, taiwan, thailand, and vietnam. legal innovations swarm co-organized legal summits harvard and stanford which the distributed collaborative organisation model was established. legal experts suggested that the integration collaborative governance layer distributed organization would make membership organization similar co-op. have remained active participants the evolving platform co-op movement and internet ownership (https://ioo.coop/) movements, including section the book "ours hack and own." (https://platform.coop/book). swarm has consistently and openly stated its intent democratize finance and proactively engaged with regulators including the sec, fca, and regulators several other countries. result advice from top legal experts and regulators, swarm has operated for the last two years under the unincorporated non-profit association terms described the results the harvard summit with the intent creating global platform cooperative. actualize these aims, swarm has established the following legal entities: swarm swarm swarm swarm foundation (liechtenstein) operations gmbh (germany) operations llc (usa) (singapore) the contribution period collaboration between the above entities with the intent taking the "distributed collaborative organization" model and creating legal entity owned and governed the token holders. rather than depend single legal firm implement this, will create bounty system award the first several teams that manage create token-governance systems that integrate into the legal and tax systems respective nation states. the current board members are philipp pieper and timo lehes, with three spots left filled either community contributors managing directors partner funds, dependent vote the token holders. additionally, all the currency-related aspects our implementation, including actions all sub-funds, are performed private blockchain implementation. this allows implement all standard aml/kyc procedures and reporting established industry best practice. due the retrospective nature regulatory action, the swarm team can make guarantees regarding the legality the platform launch any given jurisdiction. regardless, are confident in, and proud of, the work have done shape swarm into what hope model regulatory compliance for decentralized applications and token launches. will responsive and collaborative with any regulators necessary going forward. media coverage swarm fund has earned international attention from mainstream and larger crypto media. some examples: can swarm fund help the cryptocurrency market finally enter the mainstream? forbes, august https://www.forbes.com/sites/giovannirodriguez////can-swarm-fund-help-thecryptocurrency-market-finally-enter-the-mainstream/#fcbdce swarm fund launches compliance-oriented token offering tailored evolving regulatory environment cointelegraph, september https://cointelegraph.com/press-releases/swarm-fund-launches-compliance-oriented-tokenoffering-tailored-to-evolving-regulatory-environment swarm fund aims democratize investing bankless times, october https://www.banklesstimes.com////swarm-fund/ swarm closes million ico for alternative investment fund coindesk, october https://www.coindesk.com/swarm-closes---million-ico-alternative-investment-fund/ swarm fund brings institutional investment opportunities crypto investors alphaq, institutional asset manager, nov https://www.alphaq.world/////swarm-fund-brings-institutional-investmentopportunities-crypto-investors the year the initial coin offering ftadviser, december https://www.ftadviser.com/investments////-the-year-of-the-initial-coin-offering/ how will cryptocurrency impact the housing crisis? international business times, february http://www.ibtimes.com/how-will-cryptocurrency-impact-housing-crisis- references blodget, henry. bitcoin perfect asset for speculative bubble: blodget. [online video] available at: http://www.cnbc.com/video////bitcoin-a-perfect-asset-for-speculativebubble-blodget.html. [accessed july dietz, joel, greg xethalis, katten primavera filippi, jim hazard. model distributed collaborative organizations. [online] available at: https://swarm.gitbooks.io/dco-book/content/dcomodel-template.html. [accessed july durden, tyler. you want bridgewater manage your money? there one small condition. [online] available at: https://www.elitetrader.com/et/threads/so-you-want-bridgewater-to-manageyour-money-there-is-one-small-condition./. [accessed july hulbert, mark. this how many fund managers actually beat index funds. [online] available at: http://www.marketwatch.com/story/why-way-fewer-actively-managed-funds-beat-the-sp-thanwe-thought---. [accessed july herold, jelle. statebox. [online] available at: http://statebox.org. [accessed july herold, jelle. typedefs. [online] available at: http://typedefs.com. [accessed july lewis, michael, liar's poker. ed. new york: w.w. norton company, inc.. platform cooperativism consortium. platform cooperativism. [online] available at: https:// platform.coop/book. [accessed july van valkenburgh, peter, joel dietz, primavera filippi, houman shadab, greg xethalis, david bollier. distributed collaborative organizations. [online] available at: http://www.bollier.org/sites/ default/files/misc-file-upload/files/distributednetworksandthelaw%report,%swarm-coin% center-berkman.pdf. [accessed july wood, harlan t., adam apollo. trustgraph. [online] available at: https://github.com/trustgraph/ trustgraph. [accessed july yang, paul. google/protobuf. [online] available at: https://github.com/google/protobuf. [accessed july swarm fund white paper march philipp pieper philipp@swarm.fund timo lehes timo@swarm.fund www.swarm.fund