swft smart worldwide financial technology whitepaper table contents part introduction swft what blockchain? unique advantages blockchain technology industry pain points part ii: the swft platform business landscape business objectives and advantages swft systems services senarios revenue models timeline part iii: swft token part iv: team introduction swftcoin token core members swftcoin use scenarios competition why swftcoin advisors how get swftcoin part vi: swftcoin development plan part vii: appendix swftcoin distribution plan terms transfer ratio and timetable frequently asked questions and answers| thaw plan disclaimer risk warning what blockchain? blockchain decentralized network accounts, which, operating without centralized intermediary, composes the underlying technology for all cryptocurrencies. was first conceptualized satoshi nakamoto and implemented the following year core structural component the digital currency bitcoin, for which serves the public ledger for all transactions. through the use peer-to-peer network and distributed time-stamping server, blockchain database manages itself autonomously. blockchain technological program that maintains reliable database decentralized and trustless manner. allows the nodes its network use cryptographic algorithms record all information exchanged the system, given time, into block. also generates the hash, fingerprint id, the block, which chains the next one. all nodes the system jointly authenticate the validity the record, guaranteeing its integrity. the blockchain has four main features: decentralization, trustlessness, collective maintenance, and reliable database. these four features imply two other features, open source and anonymity. part introduction unique advantages blockchain technology distributed decentralization trustless system data persistency traditional centralized network, destructive attack central node (for example, payment mediator) can break the entire system. decentralized network, such blockchain, however, attack single node does not impact the entire network. using algorithm self-restraint, nodes the blockchain network reject any malicious behavior. this way, the blockchain system does not rely central authority for support credit endorsement. the blockchain technology uses one-way hash algorithm, which establishes unique for the transaction the block. each block also contains information about its previous transaction connected to, making data modification almost impossible. financial records blockchain are permanent. they cannot changed deleted. part introduction industy pain points inefficient transfer processes: customer's first step toward trading domestic foreign cryptocurrency platforms open account with cryptocurrency exchange firm. the process get the customer board, however, often lengthy and overcomplicated. the demand for robust yet user-friendly cryptocurrency platform continues grow. low inventory capacity: digital currency trading platforms are designed support limited cryptocurrencies only. customers who intend effectuate transactions with higher returns than platform can hold must manage trade multiple exchange platforms. inadequate market depth: the use single digital currency trading platform, highlighted the pain point above, limits the extent trading possibilities. customer, therefore, needs trade large amounts, he/she will need exchange currency multiple digital exchange platforms. this case, the customer incurs not only high exchange fees but also the risk currency fluctuations between exchanges. high investment risk: when trading, the customer subject the risk currency fluctuations, due the absence hedging instrument. build, therefore, integrated trading platform that provides users with compact, safe and inexpensive range cryptocurrency transfer services will significantly improve the efficiency the digital currency market. business objectives and advantages swft systems swft cross-blockchain platform. the app, the website, the api, users can transfer cryptocurrency with one click. built world experts artificial intelligence, big data, and blockchain, swft became outstanding transfer platform. its success emerges result efficiently hedging risks and providing customers with user-friendly platform for cryptocurrency transactions. using swftcoin, users enjoy discount transaction fees the swft platform. figure swft user swft platform exchange platforms part ii: the swft platform business landscape individual user cny cny usd usd eur eur ... ... machine learning blockchain user btc big data ... btc eth eth zcash zcash ltc ltc ... ... commericial user cny bank api usd eur ... machine learning blockchain big data ... cny usd eur ... company services senarios part ii: the swft platform business landscape swft, two-sided platform, pursues the following operational goals for its stakeholders: individual user: commercial user: cryptocurrency transfer platform: swft safe and robust cryptocurrency transfer platform with low transaction fees. users can access through swft's website and mobile app. (figure .a) swft offers set tools for machine learning and big data mining. its unique transferpairing algorithm engine provides banks, corporates and transfer companies with safer, faster and more affordable trading environment. (figure .b) trading floor, swft provides standard api usage for overthe-counter (otc) transactions, bringing steady traffic and high-rated users the digital currency transfers. cryptocurrency company: swft safe and robust cryptocurrency transfer platform with low transaction fees. users can access through swft's website and mobile app. (figure .a) the main advantages using swft are follows: quick easy process optimal asset allocation cryptocurrency transfer through swft fast and convenient. our platform proactively resolves the problems insufficient market depth and the limitations currency transfer. through algorithms, swft's platform efficiently allocates digital assets. its applications guarantee digital monetary preservation. best execution leveraging algorithms and cross-chain technology, can ensure the best possible execution prices. part ii: the swft platform business landscape affordability strong global partnerships the traditional cross-border payment model has higher remittance fees due high associated costs. covers expenses related payment processing, receiving, financial operating and reconciliation. the mentioned fees account for the transitbank network maintenance costs. the remaining goes compliance, error investigation, and foreign transfer costs. integrating ai, through deep learning, big data, and blockchain technology, the swft platform makes each conversion cost significantly lower. swft connects global exchanges and otc markets end users through the most updated and the most comprehensive set information digital monetary assets. revenue models transaction fees service fees transaction fees: service fees: revenue generated through the transaction fees that customers incur when using the swft platform, users enjoy discount paid swftcoin tokens (see chapter the increasing traffic the platform will promote the rapid growth and demand for swftcoin. our ultimate goal make swftcoin the industry standard for cryptocurrency conversion fees. the swft platform offers range services with their respective fees, which includes but limited the following: automatic transfer under complex conditions: computing the latest and the most understandable global-trading data insights, customers will receive the best currency transfer execution. intelligent quantitative conversion strategy: swft's platform, apply sophisticated machine learning models such recurrent neural networks (rnn) predict the price fluctuations various currencies, and suggest optimal investment strategies for our users. part ii: the swft platform business landscape timeline june global expansion swft will provide transfer services for currencies exchange platforms. december launch swft mobile app, enabling exchange services four major exchange platforms. october november swftcoin's launch central exchange platforms. iii introduction swftcoin token swftcoin decentralized ethereum-based blockchain asset. following the erc- token standards, swftcoin performs similar functions other cryptocurrencies (e.g., bitcoin, litcoin, and ethereum). chose the ethereum platform for the following reasons: cost-efficient development security ethereum provides blockchain platform with the standard features that company the industry needs. makes the distribution and reservation transactions safe and efficient. one can use ethereum's smart contracts build transparent and robust system. ethereum has steady nodes maintain the ethereum network, which indicates that secure platform for crowd sales. liquidity: swftcoin based erc-. additionally, swftcoin itself can transferred, providing sufficient liquidity for transaction fees. part iii: swft token swftcoin use case swftcoin use case swftcoin use case swftcoin use scenarios swftcoin the recommended payment method for transaction fees across swft's platform. customers can also use swft main transfer platforms and otc markets. when using swftcoin, the primary payment method swft, users will get more discounts. swftcoin the only payment method for service fees. swft collaborates with traditional financial institution and cross-border payments companies. provide them with blockchain solutions and use swftcoin for settlement fees. swftcoin can used for: part iii: swft token swftcoin based decentralized blockchain system (ethereum), which means that does not rely any external financial institution. the token's existence not dependent the stability such organization. why swftcoin swftcoin does not involve transactions with fiat, which increases convenience and speed. the otc market needs robust cryptocurrency for settlement and transparency avoid the fiat regulatory risks. swftcoin has the potential establish common ground for the transfer between different cryptocurrencies. the financial institutions and cross-border payment companies need unified currency guarantee the security transactions. part iii: swft token how get swftcoin? similar bitcoin and ethereum, there are two ways get swftcoins: blockchain platforms ii. exchanges: each user will have exclusive address for initiating transactions and receiving funds ethereum's blockchain. the process transparent and irreversible. people can buy swftcoin the mainstream token exchanges. users can also directly purchase swftcoin from the swft transfer platform. this chapter, introduce the transfer dynamics between fiat and cryptocurrency, well different cryptocurrencies. the system currently supports four kinds currency transactions: fiat fiat fiat cryptocurrency cryptocurrency cryptocurrency provide smooth, effective service support the transfer part iii: swft token exchange processing contract contract contract contract contract user submits the trade request. swft searches the best route for specific trading pairs. user gets the result from the contract and receives the agreed-upon amount coins. part iii: swft token overall architecture figure plarform architecture client apps back-end data storage ios/android/web. the client apps make easy for individual and institutional users effectuate transactions. users can access swft's transfer services their computers and smartphones. swft's back-end includes three systems: account management, currency transfer, and multiple transfers bridge. the latter connects mainstream exchanges and combines the information swft's back-end, enabling swft's platform provide more liquidity users. swft uses both local storage and advanced cloud storage solutions ensure the safety and duration data. core members ramble ceo zhanlei cto president the north american blockchain association california, u.s.a; ceo guiyang blockchain incubator guizhou province; partner guiyang blockchain fintech capital fund guizhou province; chairman fujian supply chain blockchain association fujian province, china; founder goocoin inc, the first cryptocurrency mobile app beijing, china. ramble has been pioneer cryptocurrency and blockchain technology since tsinghua university, m.sc. computer science. was previously the technical director securities company and consumer finance company. zhanlei early pioneer the blockchain space with deep technical expertise. alex witt cfo yong ren senior engineer graduated from the london school economics (lse) and tsinghua university's school economics and management. alex started his career equity research goldman sachs' global investment research (gir) department and then engaged venture capital investments. early investor bitcoin and ethereum and active the blockchain space. tsinghua university, ph.d., with in-depth knowledge technology including the basis ethereum. christina rinker cmo qian wan christina has years' experience cargill with rich management-level experience marketing, and business development silicon valley across ai, robotics, consumer electronics, blockchain and crypto currencies. christina was educated across the us, europe, and asia, holding master's degree futures and securities and mba from hult ibs. tsinghua university, m.sc., and north carolina state university, b.s. wan has been working silicon valley for years senior technical manager readencommerce and the chief technology officer goocoin. specialized encryption algorithm and blockchain technology. part iv: team xingtao niu lianqiang mao tsinghua university, m.sc. niu has been working technical senior for years. has worked the chief technology officer multiple industries such electronics, games, and stock exchange. johns hopkins university, m.sc, and tsinghua university, b.s. mao has worked full stack engineer snapcard, silicon valley company specialized money transfer via blockchain. proficient the basics robotics technology. xin huang shiyu wang columbia university, m.sc, and tsinghua university, b.s. huang has worked full stack engineer blockchain startup silicon valley, where developed expertise engine development currency trading. oxford university, m.sc. wang former enterprise, government and banking consultant kpmg. zhang gang liu tsinghua university, m.sc. zhang was charge the overall construction crossborder payment systems, risk prevention system and personal financial system china minsheng banking corporation ltd. tsinghua university, m.sc. liu former operations manager products tencent. yun university california, b.s, and currently studying for masters degree financial engineering the university southern california, with focus applied-blockchain technology and marketing analysis. part iv: team competition some the core members swft's team were many early players the bitcoin community. our technicians have years experience business development cryptocurrency exchanges and transfer platforms. the entire team has in-depth knowledge blockchain, automated trading, machine learning, big data and artificial intelligence. swft has established stable relationship with governments. many core members the team, well advisors, have been working blockchain consultants legal stances, relevant financial institutions and the government. they have also been pioneers, integrating the first batch the financial blockchain regulatory sandbox guiyang. moreover, proactively communicate with china securities regulatory commission, the people's bank china, state administration foreign exchange, and overseas financial institutions. part iv: team advisors lei tan xujun author blockchain and co-founder blockchain association north america. tan graduated from duke university with masters degree and worked microsoft for years. expert big data and blockchain. oregon state university, m.sc economics and computer science, and peking university, b.s. was formerly the co-founder and cto factom. has years experience internet and software development, well management and entrepreneurship, the us, china, and europe. dou wang blockchain robot inventor, social media marketing expert, and the founder geeks fund. has more than ten years experience working marketing director ibm, moto, and hp. wang the author the memoir ibmpc." wang has been researching and developing intelligent chat robots silicon valley since also running large community geek users and students from countries and regions around the world, and actively developing and managing high-value entrepreneur community with million members. wang currently member silicon valley venture capital.and active the blockchain space. john shen the founder and ceo sunstone management the united states and eb- "regional centers holding group." john obtained his degree from peking university, beijing, and m.sc. degree statistics and sociology from duke university shen has been serving the chairman the admissions committee the alumni association duke university since john received henry luce foundation fellowship and began his graduate study duke university. received the "forever duke" outstanding alumni award from duke university. became member james duke society and the president society council duke university. shuoji zhou the founder fbg blockchain investment funds, expert digital currency exchange, and active investor blockchain technology. zhou blockchain pioneer and the leader digital currency community china. founded and managed two private funds digital currencies. has eight years experience working technical advisor ibm and oracle. lijian xiong currently nei meng bao's ceo. xiong graduated from the mba program tsinghua university school economics and management, and bachelor engineering beijing university aeronautics and astronautics. has years experience internet, management, e-commerce and digital marketing, three years experience blockchain and digital currencies research and business operations. now, xiong committed the blockchain technology through new economic entrepreneurial and early investment projects. was involved the creation diginforce, wiibox, sfards and many other mining hardware and software technology companies. before the venture career, served internet company vice president for e-commerce company mainland hong kong. part iv: team institutional advisor: north america blockchain association (naba) founded the silicon valley north america blockchain association (naba) the first non-profit organization blockchain technology the united states. its mission the advocate for blockchain technology, provide members and society with profound analysis and studies the latest technologies and industry pioneers, well aggregate industrial resources. its members include blockchain technology enthusiasts, high-tech practitioners, and professionals from the banks, investment banking, insurance and other financial industries, academic institutions and universities. since its inception, naba has been committed promoting the development global blockchain technology and fostering blockchain collaboration between china and the united states. swftcoin distribution plan initial token sale for community initiatives distributed among founders and the development teams. all tokens will distributed the initial all tokens will distributed among founders and the token sale, and for community initiatives. development teams. this measure will ensure long-term growth the during the next years, all tokens will distributed swft and the swftcoin tokens and will support the for community initiatives, business development, academic development the platform whole. research, blockchain education and market expansion. the all tokens will distributed during the initial distribution this token percentage will per year for token sale. four years. all tokens will reserved asset will used incentivize founders, employees and the bring value early investors and market promotion. development team. each founder and employees will receive part their compensation package swftcoin tokens, which will vest over four years. for business development, market expansion, and investment. the total tokens will allocated selected industries and projects, which includes funding for strategic planning, project support, and coin swap initiatives. for academic research and education. this part the token supply will used sponsor education through research institutions organizations dedicated blockchain technology. part vi: swftcoin development plan transfer ratio and timetable swftcoin will support two transfer options initially: bitcoin (btc) and ethereum (eth), according the right benchmark: cryptocurrency benchmark btc eth the total amount swftcoin, calculated based the above benchmark, ,,,ii. iii. swftcoin will issued the user's account after one week investment. keep with the project process, please visit: www.swftcoin.com thaw plan swft's thaw plan specifically designed allocate the tokens assigned founders and development teams. will follow the timeline below: release after one year: release after two years: release after three years: release after four years: terms bitcoin: bitcoin global cryptocurrency and digital payment system called the first decentralized digital currency, once the system works without central repository single administrator. was invented unknown programmer, group programmers, under the name satoshi nakamoto and released opensource software the system relies peer-to-peer operations, and transactions take place between users directly, without intermediary. the network nodes verify and record the transactions publicly distributed ledger called blockchain. merkle tree: cryptography and computer science, generally, hash tree merkle tree tree which every non-leaf node labeled with the cryptographic hash the labels values (in case leaves) its child, precedent, nodes. hash trees allow efficient and secure verification the contents large data structures. hash trees are generalization hash lists and hash chains. ethereum: similar bitcoin cryptocurrency with advanced features. developers need pay eth, which can traded cryptocurrencies trading platforms, support their dapps. know your customer (kyc) requiring not only the name but also the business institution the customer affiliated with, one can prevent money laundering. pp: vii peer-to-peer (pp) computing networking distributed application architecture that partitions tasks workloads among peers. peers are equally privileged, equipotent participants the application. they are said form peer-to-peer network nodes. smart contract: smart contracts are computer protocols intended facilitate, verify, enforce the negotiation performance contract. nick szabo first proposed smart contracts proponents smart contracts claim that many kinds contractual clauses may made partially fully self-executing, selfenforcing, both. smart contracts aim provide security that superior traditional contract law and reduce other transaction costs associated with contracting. aml: anti money laundering. chinese government attitude toward bitcoin: protect property rights and prevent crimes like money laundering, the chinese central bank and other five government departments announced their position bitcoin. they not recognize bitcoin currency. virtual coin, and such, does not have any legal protection. people, however, can trade bitcoin their own risk. part vii: appendix frequently asked questions and answers what the total amount swftcoin? will the total amount increase the future? the total volume swftcoin billion, and will not increase the future. what kind currency will accepted buy swftcoin? what the starting amount the investment? the public transfer will accept btc, and eth. the starting amount will either one btc one eth. what the price swftcoin? swftcoin's price, regards btc and eth, will determined the market price btc and eth before the public fundraising. what the initial distribution? swftcoin will distributed follows: the total amount, which billion tokens, will used for private sales. the earning private sales will allocated financing swft's operations for the next four years, which includes accounting for system development, marketing, finance and legal advice. the remaining tokens this portion will assigned teams, which will sell them institutional investors through private placements. how will the value swftcoin increase the future? the central function the platform provide four types currency transfer services, charging specific fees during the process. swftcoin will the service tokens. with the increasing usage and traffic swft, the demand swftcoin will grow. the supply swftcoin limited, its value will increase due its growing usage. followed all the instructions deposit tokens, why did order not the next step? please check whether the token amount that you want send the same the amount the order. not, please correct the amount. it's the same, please check whether the sending address the same the sending address the order; the address different, tokens cannot retrieved. deposit amount and address are correct, please patient, exchange delays may caused internet traffic. why did receive token amount different from the quoted amount when order was created? the quote provided based real-time exchange rates, the rate will change during the transfer process, the final amount received will based the real-time exchange rate the time transfer execution minus gas fees. part vii: appendix frequently asked questions and answers how long does the exchange take? transfers usually take around minutes, but the speed may affected for many reasons, including whether the information was correctly entered, current blockchain network condition, and whether withdrawal from the exchange timely. will there refund for failed transfers? the order isn't completed (including not deposit valid time, not choose exchange mode, not deposit swftcoins transaction fee swftcoin mode, deposit amount not same amount order), system will make refund hours, but gas fee will deducted, please remember enter your refund address exchange history order get the refund. you entered the wrong token type address for the return, there will refund. you followed the instructions and the order still isn't complete due system error, please contact customer service send e-mail immediately. what should accidently quit the swft app during the transfer? you can locate the transfer the "transfer" page under the account tab and continue from where you left off clicking the transaction and following the instructions. have already transfer tokens but status remains "sending..." may caused unsuccessful transfer the transfer amount not the same the amount the order, please check the blockchain network. the transfer successful but the status still remains the same, please contact immediately. order status shows successfully sent tokens but did not receive them please order page check you have correctly entered the receive address. not, please enter the correct address. you have correctly entered the address, please contact immediately. why does the range token amounts that can transferred change? the range tokens that can transferred depends real-time changes market transaction depth and liquidity. why cannot withdraw tokens? you are withdrawing erc- (ethereum) based tokens, you need ethereum for the gas fee. please deposit certain amount ethereum into your account. you already have enough ethereum, please note that you cannot withdraw the same amount tokens the same address within hours due system security settings. part vii: appendix frequently asked questions and answers why doesn't selected password meet the requirements for registration? passwords cannot contain special characters, including spaces and punctuation marks. need deposit tokens into swft before transferring? no, just follow the instructions make the transfer. why need pay for withdrawals? swft platform only charges transaction fee, the only other fees for transferring are gas fees. why can't deposit all types tokens apple device? swft wallet currently beta for apple (ios) devices, will notify users once open for all types token deposits. why can't used the ios app (apple) after downloading the swft app? you must first trust the app ios system settings: settings general device management bunsiti.ooo why are there only few types cryptocurrencies swft? are continually updating the app with more cryptocurrency types, expect more come the near future! swft part vii: appendix disclaimer this document intended only convey the purpose educating the reader swft's dynamics and does not constitute relevant opinion the sale swft shares securities. any kind proposal price will made under credible clause and subject applicable securities law. the report above does not account for any investment advice, investment intent abetting investment respect securities. this document does not consist and cannot understood act offering, sale, invitation buy sell any form securities. neither form contract promise. swft explicitly expresses the intention that the user has clear understanding the risks the swft platform. involvement investments means that the investor understands and accepts the risk the project, and willing take all the corresponding results consequences personally. swft disclaims any direct indirect damages incurred participating the swft project, including: (i) the reliability all information this document. (ii) any resulting errors, omissions inaccurate information. (iii) any resulting actions. swftcoin the digital encryption currency based swft's platform. for this text's date, swftcoin cannot used purchase related items services. swftcoin not investment. cannot guarantee the values swftcoin will increase. therefore, also possible that there may decline its value, and those who have not used swftcoin good faith may subject lose their swftcoin tokens. swftcoin does not include ownership control. owning swftcoin tokens does not correspond the ownership authority over swft swft applications. risk warning the risk that loss the certificate results the loss the swftcoin currency. ethereum address assigned the buyer before the purchased swftcoin received. the only way operate the content corresponding address through the buyer-related credentials (i.e., the private key the wallet password). loss these credentials will result loss swftcoin. the best way securely log into account saving the credentials one more places preferably not public computers. the risk associated with the ethereum core agreement. swftcoin based the development the ethereum agreement, any error related the ethereum agreement, including unpredictable functional problems attacks, are likely cause swftcoin swft application stop working misfunction. also, the values the account the ethereum agreement may decline increase similarly swftcoin and other digital currencies. one may find additional information about the ethereum agreement http://www.ethereum.org. part vii: appendix the risk associated with the buyer's credential. any third party that obtains the buyer's login certificate private key can directly control the buyer's swftcoin. minimize the risks, the buyer must protect his her electronic device against unauthenticated access requests. risk related judicial supervision. blockchain technology has become the main target the regulation the major countries the world. the regulatory body intervenes operate, swft application swftcoin may affected this, for example, the law restricts the use, sale and electronic token such swftcoin may restricted even direct termination swft application and the development ofswftcoin. the risk lack attention towards swft applications. swft application may not used large number individuals organizations. the public may, therefore, not have enough interest open and develop related distributed applications, which would have negative impact swftcoin and swft. the risk that swft's related applications products will not meet the expectation swftcoin its purchasers. swft application currently the development stage. before the release the official version, swft application may have significant changes. swftcoin may likely fail meet the buyer's expectations towards swft application swftcoin. through, for example, service sybil attacks. vulnerability risk risk rapid development cryptography science. the rapid development cryptography the development science and technology, such the development quantum computers, will increase the risk deciphering encrypted tokens and the swft platform, which could cause the loss swftcoin. the risk lacking maintenance usage. swftcoin should not used investment. although swftcoin may have high initial value, decrease may occur due the lack maintenance traffic swft platform. the risk uninsured loss. unlike traditional bank accounts, storage swftcoin account the ethereum network usually not insured. case loss, the buyer's tokens will not have any protection from public individual organization. however, private insurance companies, such fdic, provide protection services. the risk application malfunction. swft's platform may malfunction due various reasons, incurring unfortunate consequences the user, the loss swftcoin. other unexpected risks. cryptography new and untested technology. addition the risks mentioned above, others are discovered yet. other risks may emerge individually, appear the form combination multiple already mentioned risks. the risk hacking theft. unlike yet possible that hackers, organizations countries attempt disrupt the swft application swftcoin's functions part vii: appendix references atlas, (). money transmitter license information for all states. retrieved from http://moneytransmitterlicense.blogspot.jp. kim, (). compare u.s. international wire transfer fees. retrieved from https://www.mybanktracker.com/news/wire-transfer-fee-comparison-top--us-banks. mckinsey company. (). global payments strong fundamentals despite uncertain times. retrieved from https://www.smefinanceforum.org/sites/default/ files/post/files/mckinsey_global_payments _report_.pdf. medici. (). money transfer companies using blockchain technology. retrieved from https://letstalkpayments.com/-money-transfer-companies-using-blockchaintechnology-/. nakamoto, (). bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system. retrieved from http://nakamotoinstitute.org/bitcoin/#selection-.-.. the economist. (). the promise the blockchain: the trust machine. retrieved from https://www.economist.com/news/leaders/-technology-behind-bitcoincould-transform-how-economy-works-trust-machine. wormald, "remittance flows worldwide pew research center's global attitudes project. swft contact visit our website: http://swft.pro email: info@swftcoin.com telegram: swftcoin/ swftcoin (english) twitter: swftcoin facebook: swftcoin coinmarketcap: https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/swftcoin/ medium: https://medium.com/@info_ linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/company/swftcoin/