version november swissborg: the blockchain era swiss wealth management project synopsis investment management foreword the cryptallion token hedge fund swissborg crypto index strategies smart mandate crypto off-chain fund technology foreword swissborg crypto index mvp smart mandate design investment fund cryptographic audit cold storage hot wallet meritocracy leadership revenue model business development plan advisors roadmap token sale structure swissborg token: chsb token smart share project cryptallion closed-end fund token: csb how participate community partners bounties meritocracy social media meetup conferences offices press risk disclosure the blockchain era swiss wealth management project synopsis the banking industry does not look the way should the age digitalisation and decentralisation. one hand, the blockchain ecosystem experiencing exponential growth asset value creation while available financial management solutions remain extremely limited. the other hand, the off-chain financial ecosystem operates with obsolete technologies and professional wealth management services that remain exclusive elite clients while the vast majority strictly cut-off. still difficult for the financial industry confront reality despite signs change clients' expectations. there urgent need for community-centric investment framework. whether you are individual, dao (decentralised autonomous organisation), financial expert, swissborg's objective create democratic, decentralised and professional ecosystem manage your portfolio crypto assets. nutshell, are cryptographic financial ecosystem that respects the fundamental values the blockchain: fairness, accessibility, transparency and trust. above all, are strongly convinced that the community the single most important asset organisation. off-chain companies tend create monopolistic systems favouring privileged minority. over time these companies lose their spark and are longer able attract new talents and implement innovative thinking. swissborg, aim create cyber wealth management platform using community-centric approach. meritocracy and swarm intelligence will the heart swissborg's ecosystem ensuring that investment services will always delivered accordance with the community's best interests. investment management foreword swissborg's investment management division comprised experienced portfolio managers and financial advisors, providing innovative wealth management solutions the community. our team capitalises its successful previous experience achieving cutting-edge performances under strict risk management constraints. investment team documents manager experience skills speciality maxime gillot equities, commodities, cryptocurrencies arbitrage linkedin manager experience skills speciality marco guerreiro equities, hedge funds, cryptocurrencies systematic trading linkedin manager experience skills speciality anthony lesoismier equities, hedge funds, etf, fx, cryptocurrencies systematic trading linkedin manager experience skills cyrus fazel hedge funds, cryptocurrencies linkedin track record offchain strategy track record offchain strategy speciality relationship portfolio manager manager experience skills speciality christophe diserens portfolio management, equities, cryptocurrencies private banking/ advisory linkedin manager experience skills speciality ken yagami equities, derivatives, cryptocurrencies trading linkedin manager experience skills speciality jeremy baumann equities, cryptocurrencies portfolio management linkedin understanding and mastering portfolio management art that requires years experience. while cryptocurrencies are brand-new and rapidly growing asset class, investment strategies used traditional asset classes can applied successfully manage portfolios cryptocurrencies. the cryptallion token hedge fund our team has extensive experience alternative investment strategies used hedge funds. these strategies look for edges (alpha) outperform the market. apply the same approaches when investing cryptocurrencies. hedge fund architecture offers more robust and dynamic leeway management while keeping our constant rigorous and transparent philosophy. subject stringent rules, absolute return hedge funds like the cryptallion aim provide higher level investment safety and capital preservation investing diversified set strategies and frequently hedging market risk. after several months trading our own money and leveraging years investment experience better calibrate our strategies, have built diversified set sophisticated investment strategies that will employed swissborg's flagship fund: the cryptallion token hedge fund (csb). strategy name allocation indexes pocket %-% large cap token index mid cap token index ico token index opportunistic pocket %-% systematic trading (long/short) arbitrage pre-ico special situation (leverage crypto lending future options hedging (adjusting portfolio's beta) combining cryptocurrencies market beta the indexes pocket and tactical trading strategies the opportunistic pocket, provide investors with double layer diversification. the cryptallion token fund (csb) will offered exclusively during our token generation event ("tge"), that will done after that period, the csb token will only accessible exchange trading basis. the cryptallion offers highly competitive and unique proposition: all the tokens (%) distributed subscribers and without unfair discounts. most other token funds tend have either high entry/exit fees and/or team allocation. meaning that soon you invest you are losing money day your share the total smaller than what you put in. discounts for token funds are another unfair practice some other token funds. this practice automatically generates gain for investors with the highest discounts and loss for investors with the lowest, while they are all investing the same point time, with the same risk. multi-strategy with absolute return approach most token funds focus long only strategies such ico investing top cryptos, which have high level risk the cryptocurrency market falls. the csb aims materially hedged most the time limit the risks from falling markets and instead benefit from diversified number sophisticated investment strategies. competitive fee structure (see comparison peers below) competitive positioning cryptallion versus peers before considering subscription the csb token, you must carefully read our information memorandum: cryptallion information memorandum released swissborg crypto index strategies swissborg provides investors with transparent, diversified and unbiased source performance through indexed and advanced investment strategies with competitive fee structure. believe that diversification and quantitative tactical asset allocation are key portfolio's long-term growth. creating full spectrum thematic indexes, are helping financial advisors, investment managers and private investors from both off and on-chain worlds build diversified portfolio allocation. meet each investor's expectations, plan offer strategies ranging from basic more advanced solutions. swissborg expects launch two tokenized index strategies the first one will invest large cap index and the second one will mid cap index. both strategies will passive with some smart beta rebalancing components limit the weight very large cryptos. capitalisation breakdown are currently developing the next smart index strategy, that is, the mid cap index strategy and our plan start the development cyborg and swarm indexes after the tge. swissborg large cap index the index holds the top coins market capitalisation, with maximum weight per coin maintain sufficient diversification. the index weights and their constituents are recalculated and adjusted optimised basis. expected launch: for more details swissborg large cap index swissborg mid cap index the index holds the next top coins market capitalisation, after the top with maximum weight per coin maintain sufficient diversification. the index weights and their constituents are recalculated and adjusted optimised basis. expected launch: launched after ico cyborg indexes tdb swarm index tdb smart mandate smart contracts allow contractual clauses partially fully self-executing, self-enforcing, both. the aim with smart contracts provide superiority traditional contract law, offer more transparency and reduce other transaction costs associated with contracting. our experienced investment team asset managers, private bankers and financial advisors have extensively brainstormed cover the limitations observed the wealth management off-chain world. combining our professional experience with the smart contract technology, have built holistic framework for advisory: the "smart mandate." doing rigorous profiling client's expectations (returns, ethical bias etc..), risk tolerance and common identity parameters (kyc, aml, tax), our technology will generate tailored investment mandate. finally, our user friendly client platform will allow clients access detailed and constantly up-to-date reports. how does the smart mandate work? using the latest technologies terms and leveraging the mast (meritocracy, accessibility, swiss made and trusted) philosophy, swissborg intends fill the financial advisory gap. crypto off-chain fund september the combined market cap cryptocurrencies surpassed $bn, almost times higher than the market cap the beginning the year. despite this strong momentum, traditional mutual funds specialised crypto investments remain very limited. bankers are eagerly awaiting products that offer the opportunity diversify their portfolios traditional assets. the results the graph below speak for themselves. swissborg calculations data: coinmarketcap.com ishares.com period: jan. aug. allocation: monthly rebalanced are advanced discussions with institutional clients who wish invest cryptocurrencies and trust our expertise. due mandate restrictions, regulatory restrictions lack expertise, institutional investors not want invest directly tokens. have decided come with bridging solution: crypto off-chain fund. doing so, will offer institutional investors access cryptocurrency investments with traditional off-chain fund structure that will hold the cryptocurrencies. the operational side, the fund planned start its seeding period throughout november and being launched during crypto off-chain fund launch planned presentation technology foreword having the ambition shape the future wealth management not easy task. requires the bringing together experienced asset and hedge fund managers, bankers and top blockchain specialist with the objective think and build the first community-centric swiss cyber wealth management company. history has written and have already begun write the first chapters. overview our tech team: tech team documents name experience skills speciality micha roon smart contract solidity linkedin name experience skills speciality tomas hanak full stack dev project management project management linkedin name experience skills speciality colin wirz backend developer python linkedin name experience skills speciality fulco houkes project manager tech-banking project management linkedin manager experience tech team prague jbrain.cz solaris.media skills speciality web application development php, java, angularjs and webdesign swissborg crypto index mvp far beyond bitcoin and cryptocurrencies, blockchain technology has the potential transform the operational architecture financial services. have designed mvp (minimum viable product), called swissborg crypto index (sbci), show how smart contracts could used optimise the process creation and administration investment fund. the off-chain world, all these operations are centralised, involve multiple intermediaries and manual interventions. result, the mutual fund system complex and present hazard operational errors and data corruption. the purpose our mvp develop compilation smart contracts manage the operations investment fund more securely and efficiently. begin describing how the cycle investment works the off-chain world. then, analyse how reinterpreted and optimized the same cycle with smart contracts. the off-chain investment system general slow and expensive. metrics value investment fund creation average cost average annual fund running cost .-, average entry/exit fees the money invested average minimum investment size the current subscription/redemption scheme for off-chain fund follows: source https://www.deloitte.com/content/dam/deloitte/lu/documents/technology/lu_impact-blockchain-fund-distribution.pdf because the off-chain financial ecosystem composed privately owned databases where multiple (often manual) verifications are required, the system extremely slow. addition, the existence multiple intermediaries increases the risk errors. the maths are not even necessary, you compare human machine when you think that employee works hours day, days week and smart contract works built our mvp, focusing strategy called swissborg crypto index (sbci) using smart contract replicate the functioning off-chain fund. will use updated version this architecture for our smart indexes distribution. adapting the off-chain fund subscription model with smarts contracts, obtained the following figures: metrics (average) off-chain investment fund on-chain token fund entry fees the money invested less than ether exit fees the money invested less than ether minimum investment size ether nav cost ~.% the money invested less than ether subscription/redemption scheme using smart contracts not only saves costs but also increases efficiency: source https://www.deloitte.com/content/dam/deloitte/lu/documents/technology/lu_impact-blockchain-fund-distribution.pdf our mvp code available github github learn more https://github.com/swissborg/sbci-token with micha roon (smart contract design dev) going forward, smart contracts charge handling subscription/redemption flows will configured call for kyc/aml procedures signed with approved digital identity. smart mandate design the whole smart mandate architecture under design and will based collection multi-signature smart contracts providing all the necessary functionalities for automated investment strategies. the designed multi-signature smart contracts will allow for multiple actors interact with the smart contracts. the actors will either financial advisors managing their clients' investment universes, the clients themselves. every smart mandate starts with new existing investor smart contract which represents investor and holds all the documentation issued from the kyc process. once established, investor smart contract will reusable for multiple smart mandates. believe the future and the security the blockchain; therefore, all the validated documents will stored encrypted using existing solutions like ipfs storj. the mapping between all the documents and the investor done storing all the addresses the documents the smart contract. the smart mandate represented main account, which multi-signature smart contract created through our web platform either the investor our financial advisors. every smart mandate first linked investor's linking its address the main account. the core part the smart mandate architecture investment universe, which can compared off-chain portfolio. each investment universe's smart contract regroups all the tokens, crypto-currencies and smart contracts the same level investment risk. the current ethereum blockchain does not provide the capabilities and the performance needed implement real-time artificial intelligence: the latency required the blockchain approve any new transaction does not meet today's live investment needs. therefore, will externalise this computation off the blockchain intercepting events occurring the blockchain and send them our backend microservices' architecture through oracle. our microservices environment will implement all the necessary security and end-to-end encryption mitigate nowadays security threats and gain our clients' trust. all the incoming events from the blockchain are analysed and dispatched dedicated microservices which will take investment decisions based mathematical analysis and heuristics. our web-based dashboard will display state our clients smart mandates, but will also include investment analysis, reports and tools for our clients and financial advisors manage their investments all our solutions will have associated native mobile solution for the top most popular mobile devices. also believe our clients should not limited specific platform. our clients should able work transparently between the web-based and mobile applications, switching from one the other seamlessly. such functionality mainly brought the nature the blockchain itself and the accessibility our backend services any time the day. investment fund cryptographic audit only few exchanges are providing "proof-of-reserve" today. therefore, have built hybrid audit process using the ifps protocol, offer investors extra layer protection and transparency. this solution offers the flexibility required execute alternative investment strategies while offering investors solid level trust. passive investment products are predictable and not try exploit specific edge, therefore making the portfolio public real time not issue. the case actively managed products, the positions reveal part the strategy the manager, and therefore the full information cannot made public real time, other participants may take advantage it, the disadvantage the investors the token fund. swissborg aims provide much transparency possible into the holdings real time via ifps plus periodic third party check with auditors. every months cold storage hot wallet there are several types wallets that provide different ways store and access your digital currency. wallets can broken down into three distinct categories software, hardware, and paper. software wallets can desktop, mobile online. private keys can stored in: type description security paper wallet you generate the private key and then print the private key sheet paper and store somewhere safe (ex: bank vault) security level high the private key https://www.bitaddress.org https://www.myetherwallet.com generated online, could compromised. desktop wallet wallets are downloaded and installed laptop. once installed, the wallet generating the private key. https://www.exodus.io/ security level high web wallet web wallets are managed third parties general that they hold the private keys and the public keys the user security level poor exchange wallet the private key generated and held the exchange. the private key never disclosed you, you are not control https://www.bitfinex.com/ security level poor the hacked corrupted, even most the time the desktop wallet encrypted with password, the private key could compromised. the web wallet server hacked, you are loosing your private key. the web wallet server hacked, you are loosing your private key. overcome the problematic having crypto assets safely stored while being ready invested, swissborg has signed partnership with bitgo, institutional grade state-of-the-art multi-signature wallet, with encryption authentication conforming the most rigorous industry standards. for more information, please read the following document: securing digital currency bitgo safenet c-share swiss cooperative before icos, investing disruptive technologies was only available well connected insiders, high net worth individuals, and top clients private banks. initial coin offerings are new way for startups raise capital and for investors benefit from the growth potential early stage businesses. however, our view, the way done today going change. that perspective, are preparing swissborg embrace the foreseeable upcoming changes the blockchain world. our view that the next wave icos (ico will provide explicit link between company and the digital certificate ownership (i.e the token). today cooperative comprise more than one billion members around the world, their activities range from agriculture football teams like barcelona. switzerland there are more than cooperatives and raiffeisen bank with its million members was inspiration us. but what kind organisations are they exactly? emmanuel kamdem, expert cooperatives with the international labour organisation (ilo) gives this definition: "when people unite create wealth democratic basis, and when that wealth redistributed equitable manner, are talking about cooperative. cooperatives are therefore not just economic phenomenon but philosophy; particular entrepreneurial model based values like democracy, equality, solidarity and reciprocity." cooperatives have done better weathering the financial crisis than other banking institutions. this because their members are both customers and owners, and result have more control. soon the c-share protocol will ready operate, will consider the option implement the context swissborg. learn more c-share video meritocracy "where the establishment emphasised humility, prudence, lineage, meritocracy celebrates ambition, achievement, brains self-betterment". christopher hayes american liberal political journalist, and author. meritocracy trendy word political speeches today, but never really applied anywhere mainly due lack transparency built asymmetrical information structures. swissborg, believe that the essence comes from swarm intelligence and that everyone who contribute the project should fairly rewarded. swarm intelligence focuses the collective behaviours that result from the local interactions the individuals with each other and with their environment, using decentralised control and self-organisation. creating virtuous circle where all members are advanced the contribution they produce, the dynamic initiated elegant and efficient way building strong and perennial organisation. moreover, being rewarded for every relevant contribution the community, every member pulls the same direction all interests are aligned. with the issuance the the swissborg network token ('chsb') multi-utility token, will the very first community-centric wealth management platform aligned with the interests all users. token holders will have the opportunity participate the development the swissborg network through the concept "proof meritocracy". core feature the chsb token giving holders the ability choose the direction which the network will developed. the chsb token used generate referendum token, called the "rsb token". for each decision, the rsb token used the holders make decisions the referendum proposals. the voting power will weighted based the amount chsb tokens users hold the time the referendum announcement and will not cost any chsb tokens vote. the wisdom the community powerful asset often underestimated today's monopolistic banking system. having trustworthy source opinion results higher customer satisfaction and access swarm intelligence results higher profit margins for the company. one major drawback today's financial institutions the lack influence their users possess over the networks themselves. despite being the end-user, are often powerless, having say how the scope services should evolve. aim democratise this power, giving our community direct influence over all decisions within the network. having the willingness promote the intrinsic values the blockchain, have dedicated ourselves creating investment paradigm aligned with them. leadership revenue model business development plan our revenue model clear and straightforward. have two main categories revenues stream: providing investment solutions the community, will receive fair portion the management and performance fees. providing investment services the community, will receive transaction fees, via the swissborg trading exchange platform for example. have strong commitment generating revenues from day one. positioning ourselves bridge between off-chain on-chain investment world, our main objective offer investment solutions that can fit both worlds. chf millions cryptallion token off-chain fund token indexes crypto exchange ico issuance platform smart mandate totals nb: used simple statistical model and growth prevision forecast these revenues are already advanced discussions with future partners and investors, and our extensive experience with raising funds (for example cyrus fazel raised over his career) offers the confidence reach the milestones fixed ourselves. advisors advisors daniel gasteiger blockchain expert tony evans fintech global partners david drake investor henri haeni cyber security compliance master payment services (legal tech) crypto exchange (legal tech+ investment management) business dev. target institutional client partnership target retail clients target token indexes aum: chf cryptallion aum: chf off-chain fund: chf roadmap focus financial services investment management division new token indexes thematics sectors smart mandate version only crypto exchange only financial services swissborg platform payment services card biometric payment solution r&d smart mandate (legal tech investment management) (investment management tech) business dev. institutional client partnership private clients total aum chf chsb token c-share protocol migration for the chsb token roadmap focus advisory investment management division token indexes actively managed sectors open architecture external investment managers smart mandate version and crypto exchange and financial services swissborg platform payment services card biometric payment solution r&d swarm intelligence platform (investment management tech) (investment management tech) tokenization (investment management tech+ legal) business dev. target financial advisors are using the smart mandate advise their pool clients target institutional client partnership target private clients target total aum chf roadmap focus getting fully regulated investment management division token swarm index smart mandate version derivatives options, futures tokenization all assets financial services swissborg platform payment services card biometric payment solution academy card biometric payment solution r&d blockchain related r&d business dev. target financial advisor target institutional client partnership target private clients target total aum chf token sale structure tokenization the process which real world digital assets are registered ledger specific blockchain. technically, token assigned these assets unit value. swissborg token token name swissborg token ticker name chsb technology erc- ethereum type supply fixed token features multi-utility token with proof meritocracy total supply ... chsb tokens soft cap chf hard cap chf tge date currency accepted eth, btc, xrp, bch, ltc fiat token allocation nb: tokens allocated the team and advisors are subject years distribution period. starting from the end the tge january the team and advisors will receive their allocated tokens every month until the distribution fully completed. therefore, one the current team member were ever leave, more tokens will distributed him. the remaining amount tokens will allocated the newly appointed team member. use funds community the notion community intrinsic the dna the blockchain. swissborg project built around community-centric value and that why give special importance this area. community team documents name experience skills speciality alexander fazel communication fields communication, speech/ presentation specialist coaching wording linkedin name experience skills speciality deni dudaev years business development and years hard commodities trading. strategic partnerships, client relations, ethical banking, fintech, fundraising, business development. linkedin name experience skills linkedin speciality olga vorobyeva years business and marketing development strategies development and implementation, community building, fundraising, client relations, finance and technology name experience skills speciality daniel sousa young career business development client relations and community building politics international relations linkedin name experience skills speciality maelle baud years r&d and years digital marketing digital marketing, brand strategy, growth hacking marketing for tech linkedin name experience skills speciality mai kiguchi several years fields communication and public relation sales marketing linkedin partners partners smartlink bounties meritocracy more information about our bounty campaign https://medium.com/swissborg/bounties social media facebook twitter linkedin medium github telegram https://www.facebook.com/swissborg https://twitter.com/swissborg https://www.linkedin.com/company-beta// https://medium.com/swissborg https://github.com/swissborg https://t.me/swissborgchat and https://t.me/swissborg meetup lausanne cryptocurrency and blockchain meetup https://www.meetup.com/lausanne-cryptocurrency-and-blockchain-meetup/ geneva cryptocurrency and blockchain meetup https://www.meetup.com/geneva-cryptocurrency-and-blockchain/ monaco cryptocurrency and blockchain meetup https://www.meetup.com/monaco-ville-investing-meetup/ paris cryptocurrency and blockchain meetup https://www.meetup.com/paris-cryptocurrency-and-blockchain-meetup/ london cryptocurrency and blockchain meetup https://www.meetup.com/london-blockchain-and-cryptocurrency-meetup/ tokyo cryptocurrency and blockchain meetup https://www.meetup.com/tokyo-cryptocurrency-and-blockchain-meetup/ seoul cryptocurrency and blockchain meetup https://www.meetup.com/seoul-cryptocurrency-and-blockchain-meetup/ conferences hong kong fintech week tokyo swissborg conference invintation only london fintech world forum http://fintechconferences.com/ london world blockchain forum http://www.blockchainsummitlondon.com http://www.hongkong-fintech.hk -.. berlin techcrunch disrupt https://techcrunch.com/event-info/disrupt-berlin-/ london fintech connect geneva geneva wealthtech forum http://www.tsfc.ch paris paris fintech forum http://www.parisfintechforum.com http://www.fintechconnectlive.com webinar https://swissborg.typeform.com/to/ejunbm offices swissborg headquarters are based lausanne switzerland. are thrilled evolve gotham coworking https://www.gothamco.com/en among other promising startups and talented freelancers. avenue d'ouchy ch- lausanne part the team also based zurich (ch), london (uk), toronto (ca) and tokyo (jap). risk disclosure nothing this document constitutes investment, legal tax other advice nor relied upon making investment decision. you are responsible for your personal finances. although try bring accurate information, under circumstances can the swissborg and its owners, contributors, authors and partners warrant the completeness accuracy the content, its usefulness for any particular purpose. therefore, the swissborg and its owners, contributors, authors and partners make absolutely promises warranties, nor accept responsibility for any liability, injury damage that you may cause incur when using the information provided this document. all information and content provided this document used "as is" basis. encourage you research all information provided this site thoroughly with other advice out the web and from other sources and weigh your particular circumstances applied accordingly. none the information provided this document meant used replacement professional advice and the users are encouraged seek such advice before making any decision. solely the user determine advice safe and suitable for their particular situation. backtested returns are not actual returns and there guarantee that past returns will persist and/or generate future returns. recommendation made positive otherwise regarding individual securities tokens mentioned herein. guarantee made the accuracy the information provided which has been obtained from sources believed reliable. the information contained this document intended only for use the person whom swissborg has provided the material. for the time being, swissborg not investment advisor, bank, broker dealer and therefore does not participate the offer, sale distribution securities, nor does provide any investment advice. this document using cookies. when you visit this document, our web server automatically records details about your visit (for example, the web site from which you visit us, the type browser software used, the swissborg document pages that you actually visit including the date and the duration your visit). however, such data are never connected specific user. moreover, swissborg does not collect any personal data. all information and materials published, distributed otherwise made available this document are provided for informational purposes, for your noncommercial, personal use only. information materials published this document constitutes solicitation, offer, recommendation buy sell any investment instruments, effect any transactions, conclude any legal act any kind whatsoever the content this document should not considered financial advice any circumstance. you are responsible for your personal finances. although try bring accurate information, under circumstances can the swissborg.com owners, contributors, authors and partners warrant the completeness accuracy the content found our site, its usefulness for any particular purpose. therefore, the swissborg.com owners, contributors, authors and partners make absolutely promises warranties, nor accept responsibility for any liability, injury damage that you may cause incur when using the information provided the document. also can't and don't make any promises that our content service will delivered you uninterrupted, timely, secure, error-free. all information and content provided swissborg.com used "as is" basis. encourage you research all information provided this site thoroughly with other advice out the web and from other sources and weigh your particular circumstances applied accordingly. none the information provided swissborg.com meant used replacement professional advice and the users are encouraged seek such advice before making any decision. solely the user determine advice safe and suitable for their particular situation.