switcheo network: multi chain decentralized exchange ivan poon henry chua jack yeu sng ping chiang https://switcheo.network http://switcheo.exchange february abstract: switcheo decentralized exchange built top multiple popular blockchains facilitate the exchange digital assets. will first launched the neo blockchain and will include digital assets such nep- tokens (e.g. rpx, qlc) and future nep-x tokens, and neo's system assets such neo and gas. trade settlements are done peer-to-peer via interaction with our smart contract(s). switcheo aims achieve network dex with cross-chain swapping capabilities between multiple popular blockchains such qtum (qrc) and ethereum (erc), with more research being done for upcoming blockchains like stellar. important notice this document (the "whitepaper") has been prepared switcheo exchange pte. ltd. ("switcheo"), and this notice intended for all readers who view access it, regardless the communication channel platform. the whitepaper strictly for information purposes only, and shall not, under any circumstances, treated offer securities invitation participate any regulated investment scheme, howsoever defined any jurisdiction around the world. addition, none the information contained herein intended form the basis any advice inducement engage any sort investment activity. you are strongly encouraged read the entire whitepaper and familiarise yourself with all the information set out below, particularly the section entitled "risks and disclaimers". please seek independent advice from your professional advisors, including lawyers, tax accountants and financial advisors, you have any issues, uncertainties doubts any the matters presented the whitepaper. preface saw the opportunity develop decentralized exchange ("dex") with the increasing popularity projects built the neo blockchain, and the difficulty listing such nep- tokens credible exchanges. want reduce the dependency centralized exchanges for the listing nep- tokens. switcheo participated the first city zion's neo dapp challenge and clinched the gas prize. switcheo aims the first dex launched the neo platform, and our future roadmap includes working cross-chain swaps for qrc tokens the qtum blockchain and erc tokens the ethereum blockchain. introduction with the increasing popularity blockchain technologies fuelling the price cryptocurrencies, majority these trades are done via traditional centralized exchanges. centralized exchanges fall into two categories: those that accept fiat currencies (government-backed currencies), and those that not. switcheo will initially not accept fiat currency transfers and will first work towards multi chain decentralized cryptocurrency exchange platform where users may perform trades virtual tokens and assets trustlessly (i.e. without the need trust centralized third party). problems with centralized exchanges security immediate disadvantage when using centralized exchange the security risks arising from the centralization funds. all funds sent users for trading are stored and secured the exchange, the funds are prone single point failure. for example, the exchange servers could breached attackers, the exchange's wallet private keys could lost, resulting loss funds. these failures are completely out the control the individual user, regardless how secure their passwords are, and they have trust that the centralized exchange have done what necessary secure their funds. there have been major breaches users' trust, evidenced past exchange hacks which have amounted billions dollars value lost over the last few years. prime example this would the usd million lost the recent coincheck breach. decentralized exchanges solve this problem letting the blockchain and the user handle the security funds from start end. dex therefore secure its smart contract, and most existing dexs have been running for long time with core breaches (e.g. etherdelta). control funds when users deposit their funds into centralized exchange, their funds are under the control the exchange. the exchange may able withhold funds from users[] remove funds from users' accounts[] any time. general, user has trust that centralized exchange will always act good faith for the user. this contrast cryptocurrency's spirit decentralization and trustlessness. ease transfer users may also unable withdraw assets small numbers from centralized exchanges[], may not viable withdraw often due high withdrawal fees. this hurts the user's security even further they are the mercy the centralized exchange while their funds remain there. furthermore, high number confirmations are typically required when depositing funds. these issues make trading centralized exchange hassle moving funds from wallet exchange trade and then back generally slow and tedious and subject unanticipated delays. all exchange interactions for switcheo are done via smart contract (i.e. code the blockchain), users can buy sell tokens directly from their wallet, without additional transfers. users can also withdraw any amount tokens from their balance any time, and this guaranteed the code the smart contract. when not actively trading, users' funds are always secured the same mechanism their own wallet contract, switcheo's smart contract. immediate listing big issue with the acquisition tokens early stage blockchain startup finding exchanges that list the wanted tokens. the other hand, users who have purchased tokens during initial coin offering (ico) also have wait for the token listed exchange before being able sell it. this leaves many users stuck with the token even though they may longer want it. with the increasing popularity projects developed the neo blockchain, switcheo will strategically start trading nep- token contracts for the neo blockchain first, before moving qrc tokens (qtum). using the dynamic call functionality the neo blockchain, users will able list and buy tokens the moment they are available for transfer the blockchain. exchange fees while centralized exchanges like binance and gate.io charge exorbitant rates for withdrawals for small amounts cryptocurrencies, there will withdrawal fee for switcheo's smart contract. users will only pay the standard network fees, and not charged additional amounts should they decide withdraw their balance. the maker and taker fee for switcheo capped .%, and guaranteed the smart contract. problems with existing decentralized exchanges while dex has clear advantages over centralised exchange the security control funds, ease transfer, immediate token listing, and lower fees, switcheo's true priority overcome the shortfalls existing dexs. user experience order mistakes, wrong trades and mis-clicks are the hallmarks current dexs. while true dex will inherently have different performance characteristics from centralized exchange, believe this problem can overcome well-thought-out ux. switcheo's dex will allow for partial filling offers, auto-retrying failed orders, and order batching within single transaction. this provides the user the experience using traditional exchange while allowing them remain control their funds through the switcheo smart contract. exchange tokens done without delegating any key component (such order matching) off-chain service where unseen shenanigans that compromise the integrity the entire exchange may happen. smart contract security the security dex only good the security its smart contract, hope run aggressive bug bounty campaign over minimum week top external audits, minimize the possibility any critical bugs our smart contract. more details this will announced soon. kyc aml requirements many governments have kyc/aml laws and requirements, addition regulations for the trading securities. aim implement d-kyc whitelists our exchange that users can trade our exchange compliance with the relevant legislations. furthermore, intend monitor transactions the switcheo dex for suspicious transactions, such that can assist legal authorities tracing and/or tracking illegal activities conducted through the blockchain. low exchange volume hope overcome the problem low liquidity exchange volume through strong credibility, market presence and state-of-the-art ease-of-use platform, such that using switcheo's user experience preferred even popular centralized exchanges. neo framework gap neo good first blockchain enter the market with. the neo blockchain has recently garnered international attention, and growing enormous rate. since the first ico neo october (red pulse, $rpx) there has been more nep- based icos with total raised amount $,,, and more icos planned the near future[]. however, there has yet avenue where users may sell their nep- tokens after they are made tradable without waiting for centralised exchange list them. this gives first-mover advantage launching dex neo. research the cumulative valuation all ico funding reached $.bn november hour trading volume for all exchanges can reach billions dollars for single token asset. switcheo just needs capture small segment this market profitable. for comparison, the combined trading volume for dexs ethereum (etherdelta idex) currently $m. this already daily revenue. however, switcheo's goal not compete with existing dexs. aim compete head-to-head with centralized exchanges such binance and kucoin, such that may attain similar volumes them. this why switcheo focuses fundamentally things: volume assets available switcheo seeks gain users offering viable option for buying selling tokens that cannot found elsewhere. user experience having excellent ui/ux, retail traders are more likely stick the platform, and hence more likely grow its usage through word mouth. scalability high transactions rates, dexs perform suboptimally compared centralized exchanges; switcheo commited constantly refining, optimizing and improving its architecture support increasing user loads the best its abilities. switcheo architecture centralized exchanges, most the functional logic and data are performed and stored their own servers. switcheo's main operations, however, are mainly executed smart contract residing neo's decentralized blockchain. there are core components that make the switcheo dex: front facing user interface that interacts with the smart contract custom blockchain nodes log smart contract events and interactions off-chain order history database and api broker smart contract front-facing user interface (ui) from the user's point view, the switcheo dex operates almost identically traditional exchanges that users are comfortable with. where required however, always remind users the possible differences when performing action. for example, trades are asynchronous, may fail and have re-submitted. other differences include the fact that user account not required. also "login" using the user's wallet instead email-password pair, and can display their wallet balance, transaction history, etc. immediately. features: market buy/sell limit buy/sell login through json wallet, wif, private key, ledger client-side matching and filling multiple offers within single offer automatic retry failed fills personal transaction history trading charts (via tradingview) the switcheo built react.js. custom blockchain node the switcheo smart contract will raise events when you perform certain actions using the user interface. these events are emitted smart contract event notifications which contain details the interaction with the contract. depending the trigger the event, the payload contains different information: created (maker address, offer amount) filled (filler address, offer asset id, wanted amount) failed (filler address, offer cancelled (canceller address, withdrawal (withdraw address, hash, offer asset id, offer amount, want asset id, want hash, filled amount, offer asset id, offer amount, wanted hash) offer hash) asset id, withdrawal amount) subscribe these events using full node. these events are stored and used for the presentation auxiliary information (e.g. transaction history, trading chart) improve the ui/ux the user the switcheo ui. these events are informational and are not essential the trading operation the switcheo smart contract. off-chain order history database and api have developed api which can retrieve and present data about orders and transactions the switcheo dex easy-to-use json format. this api used the switcheo and can used external applications which require the current and/or historical data from switcheo (e.g. coinmarketcap). switcheo broker smart contract the switcheo broker contract the core engine that runs all asset swaps and handles deposit and withdrawal assets through transaction invocations. depth description given the following section (section switcheo broker smart contract the current smart contract written using the neo framework. any nep- token and system asset (neo, gas) are currently supported trading pairs. the latest smart contract can viewed here: https://github.com/conjurtech/switcheo/blob/master/switcheo/brokercontract.cs operations there are primary operations used for trading: makeoffer this allows users make asset swap offer the contract. the params required are: script hash the offer maker (invoking user) script hash the asset being offered amount asset being offered script hash the asset wanted return amount asset being wanted systemassets (neo/gas) must attached they are part the fill. once invoked, the offered amount will transferred the smart contract, and the offer will placed the blockchain for anyone with the corresponding assets fill. filloffer this allows users fill offer the contract. the params required are: script hash the offer filler (invoking user) offer hash the offer filled amount offered asset that should filled systemassets (neo/gas) must attached they are part the fill. once invoked, the offer corresponding the correct offer will filled. partial filling possible. amounts will transferred the maker and filler for withdrawal second transaction. canceloffer this allows user cancel previous offer that has not been completely filled. the params required are: offer hash cancelled once invoked, the offer will cancelled and any remaining balance will credited the user balance for withdrawal second transaction. withdrawassets this allows users withdraw their balance the smart contract. the params required (nep-) are: script hash the user withdraw balance from script hash the asset withdraw amount asset withdraw for systemassets, params are not required, but the transaction must invoked with transactionattribute usage and data chose implementation which uses transaction attributes instead "method arguments" prevent double withdrawals before main net deployment. our implementation currently does not allow transfer trading this balance and this operation must always called make use the swapped asset. there are other operations available for getting data about the switcheo dex, such getoffers and getexchangerate there are currently operations that can performed the switcheo smart contract. will detail the full abi the switcheo smart contract later date. offer listings order find offers the blockchain, list traversal can used. querying the contract's storage with concatenation the offered and wanted asset script hashes, the head the list can obtained. this will give the offerhash the latest offer the trading pair. this allows the offer information queried and deserialized. each offer contains the offerhash the next offer. this way, the list can traversed entirely, and order book can displayed and/or cached. switcheo (swh) token switcheo team will launch the token contract for switcheo (swh) tokens earlier than the march the neo blockchain nep- token. ,,, swh tokens may minted total, and additional tokens will minted future. the allocations for swh are per follows: (,, swh tokens) will allocated the public sale; (,, swh tokens) have been allocated strategic partners; (,, swh tokens) will reserved for the switcheo team further incentivize development the switcheo dex, and the tokens will vest monthly year schedule with month cliff; and (,, swh tokens) will reserved for marketing campaigns official partnerships. base trading pair swh tokens will added base pair while trading the switcheo dex through the switcheo ui. subsidised trading fees swh tokens can used subsidise trading fees the switcheo dex users may toggle this option the trading ui. swh tokens will burnt when they are used pay trading fees. used for cross swap swh tokens will used the base token when doing cross swaps other chains future. roadmap switcheo mvp demo launch switcheo dex for neo, gas nep- launch qrc trading launch erc trading cross-swap feature using swh and wanchain launch trading for top chains disclaimers and risk statements accessing the information set forth this document any part hereof, you represent and warrant switcheo that you accept the following: prohibition against viewing restricted territory may unlawful certain jurisdictions for individuals, certain categories individuals other jurisdictions, view this document. individual who wishes view this document must first satisfied that she not subject any local requirements that prohibits restricts him her from doing so. particular, unless otherwise determined switcheo and permitted the applicable law and regulations, not intended that any offering the tokens mentioned this document (the "tokens") switcheo should made, any documentation sent, directly indirectly, into, countries where participating initial coin offerings are banned due legal restrictions, and countries sanctioned the countries considered high risk and monitored the financial action task force ("fatf") (each, "restricted territory") and nor should accessed any individual who national citizen resident restricted territory, including corporations, partnerships, other entities created, incorporated organised any such jurisdiction, unless they are exempted from the prohibition against participating initial coin offerings. switcheo shall not responsible for individuals who access this document from territories that prohibit such access where any part this document may illegal. such individuals their own risk. warranty for information provided this document all information provided without any warranties any kind and switcheo, its employees, officers and/or advisors make representations and disclaim all express and implied warranties and conditions any kind and each switcheo, its employees, officers and/or professional advisors assume responsibility liability you any third party for the consequence relying such information, errors omissions such information any action resulting therefrom. the information set out this document may contain statements that are deemed "forward-looking statements". such statements are prospective nature and are not statements historic facts. some these statements can identified forward-looking terms such "aim", "target", "project", "should", "anticipate", "believe", "if", "intend", "may", "plan", "could", "estimate", "probable", "expect", "possible", "would", "will" other similar terms. however, these terms are not exhaustive. forward-looking statements inherently contain risks and uncertainties they relate events circumstances the unforeseeable future. therefore, the information, opinions and forward-looking statements, including estimates and projections, this document respect the anticipated roadmaps, development and projected terms and performance the relevant entities, are selective and subject adjustments, updates, expansions, revisions, independent verifications and amendments. switcheo not making any representation warranty undertaking, including those relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this paper. switcheo also expressly disclaims any obligation undertaking update revise any forward-looking statements except the extent required law and neither switcheo, its employees, officers professional advisors make any assurance, representation guarantee that any event referred forward-looking statement will actually occur. whilst switcheo intends achieve all the goals set out this document, the goals may change may not achieved without any notice you case unforeseen circumstances. this document does not constitute offer this document for information purposes only and does not constitute form, and not intended be, offer solicitation offer buy sell, subscribe for, underwrite purchase any form investment securities other financial instruments, nor shall any part form the basis of, relied upon any way connection with, any contract investment decision relating the same. this document does not constitute advice the contents this document not constitute legal, financial, tax other advice. you must conduct your own due diligence and ensure you comply with all local laws regarding cryptocurrency, tax, securities and other regulations your jurisdiction. encourage you consult with the relevant professional advisors independently. this document does not constitute agreement this document shall not relied enter into any contract form the basis any investment decision. any agreement(s) between switcheo and you are governed separate document ("sale document"). the event any inconsistency between this document and the sale document, the relevant sale document shall prevail. this document not advertisement this document for general information purposes only and not advertisement, nor intended used call for offer behalf switcheo. the distribution this document may restricted prohibited law any regulatory authority your jurisdiction. recipients this document should inform themselves of, and comply with, all such restrictions prohibitions and switcheo does not accept any liability any person relation thereto. regulatory risks the regulatory status cryptographic tokens, including any digital currency, digital assets and blockchain applications unclear unsettled many jurisdictions. the publication and dissemination this document does not imply that compliant with any relevant laws, regulations and rules. this document has not been examined approved any regulatory authority. where any relevant governmental authority makes changes existing laws, regulations and/or rules, where financial institutions make certain commercial decisions, may have material adverse effect and/or impair the ability any relevant entity referred this document function intended, all. other disclaimers there are risks involved the technologies relating the neo blockchain, switcheo dex, swh tokens, the initial coin offering, and the switcheo smart contract, and other blockchains, such unforeseen bugs, security issues disruptions. way the above and other factors not within our control, the entire sum used purchase the swh tokens may lost. despite our best efforts, switcheo may not able execute implement its goals, business strategies and plans. there may changes political, social, economic and stock cryptocurrency market conditions and/or that there little acceptance/adoption the switcheo dex and/or swh tokens, such that the switcheo dex and/or swh tokens become longer commercially viable. the fullest extent possible, switcheo shall not liable for any responsibility, liability, claims, demands and/or damages (actual and consequential) every kind and nature, known and unknown (including, but not limited to, claims negligence), arising out related any acceptance reliance the information set forth this document you. whilst have made references certain websites and links this document, did not seek further verification the accuracy, completeness, timeliness the information referred those websites and links. the disclaimers set out this document are not exhaustive and more comprehensive list will set out other documents that may published switcheo from time time. references https://cityofzion.io/dapps/ https://www.cnbc.com////japanese-cryptocurrency-exchange-loses-more-than--million-to-hackers.html http://bitcoinist.com/coinbase-missing-funds-legal-action/ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bitfinex_hack https://coin.red-pulse.com/ https://www.coindesk.com/ico-tracker/ https://stateofneo.com/projects/