decentralized manufacturing creating the world's first peer-to-peer manufacturing supply chain and incentivized token system adapted for public and private blockchains august "the best way predict the future create it." peter drucker, next generation manufacturing table contents regulatory strategy abstract industrial revolution where manufacturing technology meets global demand syncfab's contribution the industrial revolution braving the burdens today's manufacturing processes high costs related procurement brokers and agents when sourcing materials high minimums for production because time spent finding the right manufacturing suppliers. data regarding: performance track record, quality, and size contracts between purchasers and manufacturers remain silos. difficulty seeing manufacturer capacities and capabilities achieve economies scale within the supply chain difficulty tracking progress along the supply chain (when purchasers and manufacturers confront delays, need resolve problems real-time throughout the production process) loss labor-hours inefficient procurement processes security concerns about protection intellectual property syncfab's pathways decentralized manufacturing re-shaping supply chain management through public, direct peer-to-peer (pp) manufacturing ecosystem incentivizing change supply chain management smart manufacturing blockchain smart contracts for transparent procurement processing smart business model for decentralized supply chain management mfg utility token: incentivizing blockchain buy-in incentivizing the manufacturer (bidder) workflow for purchaser bids smart manufacturing blockchain tiered-rewards for bids incentivizing the purchasers workflow and distribution for manufacturers transaction fee more potential uses for mfg tokens (future builds) mfg economic model loyalty pool (transaction turnover) technical overview syncfab platform web example parts procurement workflow using syncfab syncfab platform web and the dapp (decentralized application): smart contracts and smart manufacturing blockchain (planned build-out) identity contract purchase order contract payment contract account contracts insurance contract production contract example smart contracts procurement transaction workflow more streamlining procurement and transaction within syncfab features example decentralized procurement transaction workflow premium features planned for future syncfab dapp (future build-outs) application program interface (api) machine data feed public data feed connection logistics providers competitive analysis roadmap milestones funding roadmap mfg token distribution launch token distribution event bonus incentives industrial revolutionary private presale hardware innovators exclusive presale public presale main public sale token distribution plan strategic partnership adoption pool funding breakdown mfg token distribution smart contract reference: ethereum smart contract standard risk factors team smart mfg tech ltd syncfab team advisory board changelog white paper versions edits regulatory strategy the team behind the mfg currently working with legal counsel ensure that the mfg token distribution event fully compliant with all applicable federal and state securities laws. abstract through public-private partnerships with manufacturers the local, regional and national levels, syncfab's smart manufacturing blockchain will advance efforts decentralize manufacturing via public, peer-to-peer ecosystem, powered the mfg utility token. this document examines current burdens faced small mid-sized enterprises working within the manufacturing supply chain, and provides comprehensive set solutions engage isolated and inaccessible manufacturers, widening their inter-industry networks and encouraging collaboration meet global production demands. collecting quality data about today's opaque manufacturing supply chain and making public, syncfab's platform aims make the supply chain more transparent, efficient, and sustainable. the paper highlights the development syncfab's decentralized application, the mfg utility token which incentivizes streamlining bidding and procurement processes, and details the upcoming mfg utility token distribution event (token sale). blockchain and smart contracts serve the way forward into the industrial revolution creating economies scale and potentially aggregating supply. decentralized manufacturing will make the industry more accessible, secure and economically sound for more participants direct peer-to-peer (pp) ecosystem. this document contains forward-looking statements, subject risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results differ materially. industrial revolution where manufacturing technology meets global demand the united states and china account for more than third the world's gross domestic product (gdp), and their combined gdp dominance expected continue into especially their industries make the transition new manufacturing processes. manufacturing and trade gains signal growth for global economies whole, according the international monetary fund. according study performed pwc and shared the world economic forum companies from all sectors across the globe are embracing "industry .", business the digital age. about one third companies surveyed countries already rate their level digitisation high, and this value expected rise average from south africa, the current level digitisation and integration expected rise from forging into the industrial revolution u.s. manufacturing companies which are independent, small- medium-sized shops) must solve issues that currently hinder production, and find ways aggregate their capacity handle global demand more efficiently. significant advances robotics, sensors, big data, artificial intelligence, and augmented reality have connected the digital and physical realms manufacturing through robust and reliable networks. with these technologies, integrated production and purchasing processes operating seamlessly along the supply chain would save time and resources; improve efficiency; and increase scalability and security. demand for services that support this potential global exchange data, and its transaction both data and contracts between businesses fuel the expansion the internet things (iot) and the industrial internet things (iiot). industry leader said: "the internet things has already set motion the idea fourth industrial revolution--a new wave technological changes that will decentralize production control and trigger paradigm shift manufacturing." syncfab's contribution the industrial revolution silicon valley-based syncfab aims harness technologies and connect with the iot and the iiot provide purchasers and manufacturers with high quality data that would streamline processes along the supply chain. connecting purchasers with manufacturers the iiot through its business-to-business (bb) saas ecosystem, syncfab creates public, peer-to-peer ecosystem whereby purchasers can find companies capable advanced machining on-demand precision parts production and engage participants passionate about improving efficiencies the supply chain. while the government built the internet (arpanet), syncfab believes the iiot will built collaboratively, through public-private partnerships (of which syncfab has formed). such cross-sector partnerships will collect and combine best practices and share wisdom from multiple perspectives. inventors, innovators, and designers enter interactive, cloud-based portal where growing network certified machine shops and advanced "the internet things and the future manufacturing mckinsey ...." http://www.mckinsey.com/business-functions/digital-mckinsey/our-insights/the-internet-of-things-and-th e-future-of-manufacturing accessed sep. manufacturing facilities are mapped several criteria, such as, who local and clean. with syncfab's curated and adaptive services, companies attempting shift their manufacturing processes high-tech smart factories, and those exploring ways optimize their "cost-to-serve" process (lowering overhead costs per customer account) can find solutions such sourcing, tracking and organizing precision parts production and improved procurement systems. recent report found that u.s. companies spent estimated billion and are forecasted spend approximately billion smart technologies. the forbes' manufacturer outlook, companies surveyed said their corporate strategy largely relies integrated technologies via the iiot. see chart: putting technology the supply chain. these forward-looking companies are the customer base for syncfab's services. essential syncfab's smart manufacturing blockchain will the use the mfg utility token, first its kind incentivize community users embrace blockchain technology. core the blockchain's adoption shared sense trust between purchasers, developers and manufacturers built public and more transparent supply chain system, where small medium-sized manufacturers can access blockchain and supplier spaces where they are currently obscured. for example, compensate for work done rfqs creates more responses the just-in-time needs supply chain purchasers and buyers. purchase "iso energy management standard department energy." https://energy.gov/iso accessed sep. "defining and sizing the industrial internet wikibon." jun. http://wikibon.org/wiki/v/defining_and_sizing_the_industrial_internet accessed sep. "global manufacturing outlook kpmg." https://home.kpmg.com/content/dam/kpmg/pdf///global-manufacturing-outlook-competing-for-g rowth.pdf accessed sep. managers cut through trust issues and delays with blockchain's inherent transparency into cost and quality control. with the mfg token's launch, syncfab serves early adopter, protocol developer and integrator smart contracts into the manufacturing supply chain blockchain. the mfg token will utilized firstly syncfab, secondly syncfab's soon developed smart manufacturing smart contract ethereum blockchain and ultimately adopted new and emerging partner manufacturing supply chain blockchains using syncfab's developed blockchain smart contract protocols their own with the industry's first mfg token smart contract-based incentive mechanism. the mfg token will integrated the syncfab platform which has strong network launchpad built out from public-private partnerships. though it's designed serve public, peer-to-peer smart manufacturing blockchain, it's utility designed complementary third party standalone solutions, such those future supply chain blockchains which are more inward-looking, private enterprise based supply chain blockchains. figure putting technology work the supply chain. the shift business strategy within the revolution driven companies and manufacturers alike streamline efficient procurement and production process reduce overhead costs and increase revenue. "global manufacturing outlook kpmg." https://home.kpmg.com/content/dam/kpmg/pdf///global-manufacturing-outlook-competing-for-g rowth.pdf accessed sep. braving the burdens today's manufacturing processes industrial manufacturing the u.s. steadily rose, with growth forecasted compounded annually into estimated trillion exported goods were made the united states. figure manufacturing production growth projection yet major manufacturing companies still face inefficiencies that drain resources and time, and contribute the overall slowness and costliness within their manufacturing process. u.s. companies investing heavily iiot technologies stand gain yields from global demand high $-$ trillion according accenture technology report. investments such technology are limited large conglomerates, while the vast majority independent, small- medium-sized companies still face well-known burdens within the manufacturing process, such as: "manufacturing distribution industry forecast sikich." http://www.sikich.com/find-solution/industries/manufacturing-distribution/manufacturing-forecast accessed sep. "industry and manufacturing ecosystems: exploring the world of." feb. https://dupress.deloitte.com/dup-us-en/focus/industry--/manufacturing-ecosystems-exploring-world-c onnected-enterprises.html accessed sep. "defining and sizing the industrial internet wikibon." jun. http://wikibon.org/wiki/v/defining_and_sizing_the_industrial_internet accessed sep. high costs related procurement brokers and agents when sourcing materials source parts, companies hire internal procurement manager (or rely externally-contracted brokers agents) search for and order parts. companies compensate for procurement salaries and commission bonuses, paying brokers "finder's fees" taking markup fee top the manufacturer's quoted price which affect overhead costs that lower overall revenue. syncfab's procurement platform supplants the need for brokers, cuts time spent supply chain purchase account managers putting out bids. syncfab's all-in-one platform matches purchasers' rfqs potential manufacturers. through smart contracts, sync fab's platform will match the requirements supplier capabilities intuitively and unlock contract values conditions are fulfilled. high minimums for production because time spent finding the right manufacturing suppliers. data regarding: performance track record, quality, and size contracts between purchasers and manufacturers remain silos. survey conducted deltabid, out purchasers said finding the right supplier remains major obstacle. contributing factor the risk manufacturers face when dealing with unknown and non-transparent purchasers' profiles and their buying histories. manufacturers want ensure their orders are paid time while purchasers are confronted with delays when unsure manufacturer can produce their product within specification needs. without broker's reputation and network, purchasers spend hours the phone search through multiple directories. sometimes, purchasers lack the sufficient technical understanding the product specify their search requirements, leading dead-end outreach. the purchasers' side, they want proof experience and expertise from manufacturers safeguard the "top biggest procurement challenges [infographic] deltabid blog." apr. http://blog.deltabid.com/top--biggest-procurement-challenges accessed sep. "managing suppliers speed harvard business review." https://hbr.org///managing-suppliers-up-to-speed accessed sep. integrity and quality their product. negotiating the complexity these needs results high minimums, required minimum number parts produced. syncfab's mapping feature allows for local sourcing, which lowers minimums, especially when procured through trusted channels. aggregating demand and creating economies scale, syncfab's access manufacturing capacities creates access markets ways that would revolutionize how small medium-sized manufacturing businesses meet supply chain demand. difficulty seeing manufacturer capacities and capabilities achieve economies scale within the supply chain purchasers and manufacturers both suffer from lack data and high-quality information into the sourcing and production process their supply chain. astounding companies and individuals surveyed (see graph figure "lacking visibility") state they aren't clear about the supply and capacity their suppliers and logistic partners; cite "some visibility," accounting for total those surveyed. with syncfab products, purchasers and manufacturers can manage cross-functionality and look deeper into the end-to-end supply chain, enabling better real-time decisions optimize and streamline their procurement and supply chain process. figure lacking visibility into supply and capacity visibility into the supply chain would allow purchasers and manufacturers manage cross-functionality and look deeper into the end-to-end supply chain, enabling better real-time decisions optimize and streamline their procurement and supply chain process. difficulty tracking progress along the supply chain (when purchasers and manufacturers confront delays, need resolve problems real-time throughout the production process) manufacturing driven details and specifications, making clear and precise communication vital between purchasers, manufacturers, suppliers and logistical partners along the supply chain. miscommunication can lead delays within the production process, drastically increasing costs when mistakes happen. delay communicating changes design requirements between the procurement department and engineering department could increase the design production time. purchasers and manufacturers often forget regularly communicate updates production material requirements, increasing lead time and increasing product cost affecting product quality. syncfab's automatic updates production progress and tracking will evolving feature, which would replace the need for constant phone calls status request updates between purchasers and manufacturers automation would streamline communications. loss labor-hours inefficient procurement processes according research the topline strategy group, inefficient procurement processes account for yearly loss billion revenue among north american businesses. most companies currently have little procurement "global manufacturing outlook kpmg." https://home.kpmg.com/content/dam/kpmg/pdf///global-manufacturing-outlook-competing-for-g rowth.pdf accessed sep. "planning for innovation u.s.-china economic and security ...." sep. https://www.uscc.gov/sites/default/files/research/planning%for%innovation-understanding%chi na%s%plans%for%tech%energy%industrial%and%defense%development .pdf accessed sep. software, while larger companies mainly use in-house, company-specific software that can slow and difficult use across the supply chain. the resources required manage and maintain such software account for million labor-hours, all which can reallocated finding more cost-saving technology and providing hands-on value existing and prospective customers. syncfab's frontend and backend software updates real time, benefit that reduces the financial burden maintaining locally-hosted software. purchasers can share files, improve communications, streamline procurement and manage parts inventory helping them hone creating quality products. security concerns about protection intellectual property security concerns over intellectual property remain scrutinized topic within the industry. "cyber risk advanced manufacturing," study done deloitte, only executives surveyed felt confident extremely confident their organization's assets were protected from external threats. some felt somewhat confident less confident. all those surveyed, cited protection intellectual property top concern. how can new technologies create some added security for manufacturers and purchasers who want protect their ideas? remaining competitive requires deep financial and time commitments, luxury reserved for bigger, more established companies who can afford cybersecurity staff. for secured transactions, syncfab's platform stores intellectual property, forms, and documents amazon web services (aws) servers backed top security protocols such sso, firewall and ddos protection. all rfqs, ip, and transactional history are easily accessed real time help users compare pricing past requirements speed the procurement process. "cyber risk advanced manufacturing deloitte us." https://www.deloitte.com/us/en/pages/manufacturing/articles/cyber-risk-in-advanced-manufacturing.ht accessed sep. syncfab's pathways decentralized manufacturing given the burdens current manufacturing systems which perpetuate lack transparency and inaccessibility for multitude stakeholders within the supply chain, syncfab's solutions attempt solve complex problems with five key innovations. re-shaping supply chain management through public, direct peer-to-peer (pp) manufacturing ecosystem traditional manufacturing economies scale perpetuate lack transparency and inaccessibility, reserving privileged access centralized assets controllers. the largest purchasers, often conglomerates, monopolize access. brokers control networks and procurement keeping information silos, complicating the entire supply chain management process. public, peer-to-peer (pp) ecosystem, paves the way entirely decentralized supply chain management environment. innovators, suppliers, and manufacturers regain control over the success, quality, and delivery their product. with smart contracts and the smart manufacturing blockchain, decentralizing the manufacturing supply chain economies scale, makes the entire system more accessible, transparent and profitable all participants, and replaces predominantly exclusive business-to-business model. syncfab's public-private partnerships, and expansion local ecosystems builds trust among stakeholders the supply chain based shared knowledge track-record performance, capabilities and capacities ways that would transform the manufacturing industry. agreements with the city san leandro and the clean energy smart manufacturing innovation institute (jointly funded the department energy and department commerce directed the white house) give syncfab confidential access high quality industry manufacturing process data, which will key future process optimization using artificial intelligence applications the future. partnerships with regional manufacturing centers will allow syncfab track under-utilized production assets. through this work and on-going new registrations, syncfab continues catalogue machining process capabilities and capacities within multiple jurisdictions and plans expand this data collection regional, national, even international level. network certified manufacturers online, with expanded syncfab's database offers purchasers' wide selection meet regional demand. incentivizing change supply chain management the mfg utility token plays vital role the syncfab platform that creates online value sharing system within the decentralized manufacturing ecosystem. built the ethereum erc- standard, and sold existing and new syncfab users, the mfg token will used early adopters pay for order quotes. after the future build, users will able unlock and update smart contracts and pay transaction fees. with the mfg token, decentralized system, users dictate the ecosystem's economy scale incentivizing and rewarding its community users. "syncfab selected cities san francisco san leandro stir ...." jul. http://www.releasewire.com/press-releases/syncfab-selected-by-cities-of-san-francisco-san-leandro-to-st ir-program-.htm accessed sep. "fact sheet: president obama announces winner new smart ...." https://obamawhitehouse.archives.gov/the-press-office////fact-sheet-president-obama-annou nces-winner-new-smart-manufacturing accessed sep. "cesmii." https://www.cesmii.org/ accessed sep. startups chosen for san francisco regional 'startup residence ...." apr. http://www.govtech.com/-startups-chosen-for-san-francisco-regional-startup-in-residence-program. html accessed sep. the current syncfab web platform, mfg tokens will incentivize manufacturers for traditionally uncompensated time for putting together quotes and make manufacturers more responsive time-sensitive production deadlines. enticed reward for timely quotes, manufacturers are expected respond more quickly. with such token incentives, the pool manufacturers purchaser can choose from might increase and diversify. syncfab's public-private partnerships, investment into the platform and the mfg utility token are built solve current supply chain trust dilemmas, where purchasers currently don't know enough about their suppliers take the risk placing order. many will turn smart manufacturing blockchain because its openness new suppliers, backed immutable distributed transaction ledger with cryptographic proofs the integrity and access transaction tokens which may well encourage manufacturers hire supplier minutes, whereas previously they could never without face-to-face meetings. smart manufacturing blockchain blockchain applications within the iiot are fast-emerging the new standard many sectors, including finance, real estate, food industries and manufacturing. blockchain's function digital ledger codes containing programmed data and encryption, make records nearly incorruptible within its distribution networks. shared database, where information stored, verified and agreed upon simultaneously the millions computers within its hosted consensus, blockchains are considered extremely difficult hack, and create ideal ecosystem for manufacturing companies concerned with security and intellectual property. figure transactions and recording contracts between blocks blockchain syncfab's smart manufacturing blockchain smart contract protocol will utilize blockchain's system records match purchasers with their most ideal manufacturers. comparing various manufacturer's order histories, machine capacities, and previous product designs purchaser's project criteria, the smart manufacturing blockchain will directly link purchasers manufacturer, expediting procurement and production without brokers banks. completed purchase orders recorded onto the smart manufacturing blockchain will help build user's service history, providing access information others the network about performance, reliability, and on-time delivery. this online history will afford purchasers and manufacturers confidence that orders placed can and will fulfilled. "blockchain wikipedia." https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blockchain accessed sep. eliminating intermediaries such brokers, outdated software, and inefficient procurement processes, the smart manufacturing blockchain aims lower the barrier entry, and connect innovators manufacturers, smart machines factories and create transparent and decentralized network for supply chain management. smart contracts for transparent procurement processing syncfab's smart manufacturing smart contract protocol will pivotal the standardization decentralized supply chain management. syncfab dapp's smart contracts will work two levels. using synfab's future procurement process, smart contracts will store rfqs, quotes and encrypted intellectual properties, the smart manufacturing blockchain, but only allow access those with allocated rights track, record and monitor manufacturers' assets. the initial stages syncfab's procurement system the company charges broker's fee but the system becomes decentralized, and smart contracts will better tailored purchasers' and manufacturers' needs, fully decentralized ecosystem will emerge and fees adjusted match services. meanwhile different datasets within the smart contract can accessed prospective purchasers the smart manufacturing blockchain. data regarding purchasers' and manufacturers' profiles and their successful production orders will recorded the ledger, with each order leaving digital paper trail company's credibility and performance. smart business model for decentralized supply chain management currently, syncfab's platform includes financial markup applied top the final agreement between purchasers and manufacturers industry practice for third-party referrers. however, addition connecting producers with purchasers, syncfab now already provides technologies for faster and streamlined buying process. the markup usually equates much smaller quote compared those received from purchasers without syncfab. syncfab anticipates that decentralized supply chain management network, markup fees will likely eliminated. instead transaction cost all final payments will percentage determined during development and after the smart contract proof concept. the smart contract proof concept where syncfab plans develop and improve smart contracts adjusting and tailoring contracts purchasers and manufacturers "real-life" and relevant procurement processes. more companies seek decentralized ecosystem, syncfab will apply lessons learned and determine appropriate fee based better understanding purchasers' needs and each business' smart contract uses. pilot services, syncfab collaborates with local cities and federal agencies building public-private partnerships advance industry innovation and economic development. mfg utility token: incentivizing blockchain buy-in syncfab envisions vibrant ecosystem purchasers, manufacturers, suppliers and logistics service providers actively buying, selling and ordering manufacturing-related services within the smart manufacturing smart contract blockchain. initially, incentives join will the form the mfg utility token, which give value tasks those within the supply chain already and are not currently compensated for, such suppliers putting together quotes for purchasers. incentives work for both purchasers and manufacturers way bring them into the blockchain. the mfg token's value will shadow the value relevant workers' hourly wage accordance with its intended reward audience. essentially the value buying the mfg token includes: buying into syncfab's existing production capacity network supporting the continued build-out and evolution syncfab's smart manufacturing production capacity network expanding partner network adoption the mfg, smart manufacturing and smart contract blockchain buildout syncfab and the supply chain industry incentivizing workers embrace the technology and more responsive buyers requests while compensating them for critical function for which they are taken for granted rfqs (details outlined section incentivizing the manufacturer (bidder) reduce the time production and drive competition, syncfab plans use mfg tokens reward manufacturers who place faster bids and price more competitive (lower-priced) quotes proportion their quote acceptance rates. every rfq created will listed auction, attached with mfg token reward the manufacturers for their bidding efforts. similar process unique bid auction, the winner usually offers the lowest bid, but also has the skillsets, capabilities and certifications required successfully complete the work. minimum requirement will placed all rfqs listed amount determined after the initial token distribution. rates and values are subject change upon future user feedback and engagement. the amounts will vary and are dependent the scope and delivery the project. added benefits for using the system, include: manufacturers earn compensation for their responsiveness all rfqs including those from small and mid-sized business buyers. manufacturers see upfront investment committed purchasers who offer mfg token bid rewards. manufacturers can focus production and spend less time pre-production communication qualifying walk-in customers. hard-to-find small mid-sized businesses and other less accessible shops will more likely make bids, because the lowered barrier entry. manufacturers gain confidence purchasers who compensate for their effort whether their bid wins not. manufacturers increase engagement syncfab partner networks search and seek out mfg token bid rewards. manufacturers potentially will able submit portion cost related incomplete flawed orders partially compensated tokens. currently these substantial cost flaws are covered the manufacturer their insurance agents full. manufacturers who perform exceptionally well receive "tips" from their buyer. workflow blockchain for purchaser bids smart manufacturing purchaser creates rfq (auction listing). purchaser will submit project budget inclusive tolerance amount how much they're willing over budget. the proposed budget will visible the manufacturers, while the tolerance amount will not. purchaser adds the mfg token bid reward amount. minimum amount mfg token bid reward will determined for all rfq auctions. rfqs come bid packages three. the purchaser wants more bids, they would buy two packages for total bids. rfq sent via smart manufacturing blockchain multiple manufacturers for bidding. manufacturers review the rfq and decide make bid. syncfab's system compares bids, automatically rejecting bids above the tolerance amount set purchaser. manufacturers will informed beforehand that any bids exceeding the purchaser's tolerance will not included the three-bid package the purchaser. however, manufacturers whose bid amount exceeds the tolerance will given the option revise and re-price their bid only once during the bidding process. the purchaser selects the winner. tiered-rewards for bids once purchaser selects winner, tiered reward for bids takes effect: scenario with three bids more: the mfg bid reward will awarded winning bidder. the mfg bid reward will awarded each the two losing bidders, totaling the mfg bid reward will allocated into the loyalty pool incentivize future users for increased engagement. scenario with less than three bids: purchaser will refunded for every bid that was not received. there only one bid with said bid accepted the winner, the reward goes the winner, refunded the purchaser with the remaining allocated the loyalty pool. there least one bid with winner accepted, will allocated each bidder, the loyalty pool and the remaining refunded the purchaser. there are bids, will allocated the loyalty pool, and the remaining will refunded the purchaser. incentivizing the purchasers similar purchasers being able add rewards rfq auctions, manufacturers can tag mfg token quote reward. upon submitting quote purchaser, the manufacturer can include reward amount mfg tokens top their quote (the "mfg quote reward"). the mfg quote reward can viewed discount, which then awarded the purchaser the offering manufacturer selected the winner. usually quotes are good for days, and giving purchasers mfg tokens could increase their rate re-order. this will allow manufacturers allocate the mfg token they've been awarded through the bidding process back into the ecosystem through the purchasers. the amount will depend the manufacturers they can allot the same amount the amount mfg stipulated the winning bidder. the manufacturer can also allocate larger amount mfg further incentivize the purchaser select their quote the winning bid. this incentive model will also help resolve rare occurrences where purchasers will receive bids exact amount from multiple manufacturers bid with reward will make more favorable. additional benefits purchasers, include: purchasers with time-sensitive projects can expect faster and more quotes from manufacturers they add mgf token bid rewards. purchasers drive competition among manufacturers who offer reduced lead time, competitive prices and faster quotes. purchasers who make commitments and order faster give and get mfg token incentives from manufacturers. purchasers can use token rewards and values re-circulated into the ecosystem for various incentives such placing quicker re-orders rewarding future purchases. workflow and distribution for manufacturers manufacturer designates "x" amount mfg quote reward top their bid. purchaser accepts the offer and rewarded mfg allocated the reward. the remaining will reallocated into the community pool. transaction fee transaction fee will added the final purchase orders amount transacted within the ecosystem. the transaction fee paid for the purchasers top the quoted price. said value determined during development. the fee will distributed between syncfab, smart mfg tech ltd and the loyalty pool. more potential uses for mfg tokens (future builds) mfg token development dependent and prioritized based syncfab's user feedback, engagement within the platform, feedback from smart mfg tech and partner network adopters. the syncfab team sees unlimited potential the mfg tokens for future builds syncfab and partner supply chain partner networks. few applications may include: with some customer education and outreach, the mfg token's instantaneous and secure financial transactions would replace traditional forms payment through bank wires, ach and paper checks. mgf tokens may used payment for contractors, such designers, engineers, and quality control consultants. these service professionals could integrated into syncfab's ecosystem alternatively into partner supply chain blockchain networks. design service professionals can give feedback purchasers' engineering designs and audit machine compatibility production requirements. syncfab partners could paid mgf tokens for concierge delivery services and/or consultations manufacturers how network their machines and more closely integrate with syncfab's network and the supply chain blockchain. mfg economic model the smart manufacturing blockchain has fixed amount one billion (,,,) mfg tokens. the tokens will generated prior and will distributed during the token distribution event. (please refer section for additional information regarding the token distribution event.) additional mfg tokens will created after the token distribution event. loyalty pool (transaction turnover) the transaction turnover and loyalty pool used promote and encourage continued engagement within the supply chain ecosystem rewarding users with mfg tokens. examples such engagement are: regular logins syncfab and partner networks, creating and updating smart contracts, placing orders, auction listing, and bidding projects. figure mfg token workflow technical overview syncfab platform web current features within the syncfab web platform connect purchasers network vetted manufacturers for streamlined procurement process. users the site can: scan through expanding database vetted machine shops, mapped locality search each company's machine capabilities find profiles, certifications and production ratings parts manufacturers process request-for-quotation (rfqs) ordering management upload and share design files enter quality inspection reports review order and re-order histories communication between buyers and suppliers facilitated syncfab make payments -parties via stripe integration make direct ach and wire transfer with banks for lower transaction costs order product shipment with delivery tracking figure searching for local machine capabilities figure rfq management within syncfab example parts procurement workflow using syncfab procurement process syncfab web platform saves significant time compared traditional procurement processes within the supply chain currently functions. purchaser searches the syncfab database vetted manufacturers. purchaser creates rfq and sends syncfab for rfq quality control. syncfab sends out approved rfq manufacturers. manufacturers review rfq, decide send quote. syncfab receives quotes, reviews bids for tolerance amounts, applies markup top quote and sends bids received purchaser. purchaser reviews and accepts winning quote, which sets automatic notification the selected manufacturer that they've won the bid. syncfab creates electronic agreement between the parties. new purchasers make payment deposit amount syncfab. syncfab issues said deposit the manufacturer. purchaser tracks production syncfab's web and mobile app. part completed and delivered the purchaser with tracking code. purchaser makes final complete payment syncfab. syncfab issues final payment manufacturer. figure procurement process workflow the current syncfab platform syncfab platform web and the dapp (decentralized application): smart contracts and smart manufacturing blockchain (planned build-out) planned improvements the syncfab platform will integrate syncfab's decentralized application dapp, which will expand the blockchain. syncfab builds back-end architecture store different types smart contracts and create tools that allow easy access them, integrated data set automation will further improve efficiencies the supply chain. community members populate smart contracts, architectural concepts can change during development because customer use cases and other changes within the industry. start, the syncfab dapp will collect data and create three types smart contracts: identity contract stores records user identification within the system, i.e. username, email, wallet, ratings, historical order volume, etc. takes mfg tokens create and update. purchase order contract serves account record for type work sought/provided: documents scope work: request for quotation (rfq), bidder and quote amount, production criteria, designs files any other shareable ip, and inspection reports. records all agreement documentation: contracts and payment terms. takes mfg tokens initiate update the smart manufacturing blockchain. payment contract initiates and confirms payments allows purchaser stipulate payment terms takes mfg tokens initiate update the smart manufacturing blockchain after the initial integration the three smart contracts, syncfab anticipates adding more types smart contracts which foster the ecosystem's exchange and efficiency part adequately funded future buildout: account contracts stores company information that accessible multiple users contains company wallet, ratings, machine capabilities insurance contract outlines coverage for defective products insured the smart manufacturing blockchain production contract stores data inputted and outputted users drives private and public data feeds, such material cost price fluctuations updates parts production status via smart machines figure syncfab smart contract architecture example smart contracts procurement transaction workflow using the smart contracts, the back and forth parts procurement process between the purchaser and manufacturer streamlined: purchaser creates rfq the syncfab platform. purchaser submits rfq syncfab for quality assurance services. syncfab rep reviews suggests edits the rfq. rfq approved syncfab. the dapp then generates purchase order contract. rfq and agreement documents are sent the manufacturer(s) via the dapp. manufacturer(s) review the rfq and agreement terms. manufacturer(s) quote, and agree the terms, then submits quote the dapp. syncfab reviews bids for tolerance amounts, applies markup top quote and sends bids purchaser. purchaser reviews bids and approves the quote the dapp. the manufacturer automatically notified produce the product. when part completed, manufacturer completes inspection report. inspection report sent the purchaser the syncfab platform. the purchaser reviews the inspection report the syncfab platform. syncfab generates payment contract. purchaser selects shipment option via third-party api the syncfab platform. (ex. fedex). all shipments require signature upon receiving. shipment tracking code generated the third-party api. the purchaser makes the payment the manufacturer syncfab via third-party, such stripe. the logistic partner picks product and delivers purchaser. the purchaser receives the package and signs off. the logistic partner updates the status "delivered", which reflected the syncfab platform under the shipment tracking dashboard. the purchase order contract then marked "completed" and recorded the smart manufacturing blockchain. more streamlining procurement and transaction within syncfab features with adequate funding, syncfab plans more advanced features smart contracts record and validate procurement transactions the smart manufacturing blockchain, such processes would trim delays payment. figure streamline procurement transaction with blockchain example decentralized procurement transaction workflow high-level overview parts production workflow within decentralized system highlights the efficiencies the smart manufacturing blockchain: purchaser creates identity contract, which holds contact information, wallet, past order history, and purchaser ratings. manufacturer creates account contract containing contact information, wallet, manufacturer rating and current machine capabilities that can regularly updated with usage mfg token. purchaser creates purchase order contract the ledger, which contains the rfq, manufacturer requirements, and all associated agreement documents. the ledger filters manufacturer matching machine capabilities rfq and best location fit. matching manufacturers receive the rfq bid the project. the bid and associated agreement documents are sent the purchaser for approval. upon approval, and agreement terms, the purchase order contract updated "in production." the purchase order contract used update production status and store machine data. upon completion the production, the manufacturer issues inspection report the purchaser. upon purchaser's approval, payment contract created between the purchaser and manufacturer. manufacturer reviews the payment contract. upon approval the payment contract from the manufacturer, purchase order contract created between the purchaser and logistic company for product shipment. upon the completion this contract, the original purchase order updates its status "completed" and recorded the ledger. all previous processes continue step upon arrival the product, the purchase order contract with the logistic company updates its status "completed" and updates the ledger. upon complete payment from the purchaser the manufacturer, the original purchase order contract updates its status "completed" and recorded the ledger. premium features planned for future syncfab dapp (future build-outs) the ecosystem manufacturing stakeholders adopt syncfab's services, purchasers and manufacturers can easily manage their end-to-end supply chain production. syncfab's forward-looking approach would include premium features, such as: application program interface (api) creating public api where companies, vendors and other blockchains can interact and transact the smart manufacturing blockchain, the supply chain can share and industry-wide standard platform. machine data feed direct and live data feeds from smart (or smart-adapted) machines the smart manufacturing blockchain will allow purchasers and manufacturers track their parts production real-time, directly from machine status updates. inclusive add-on, inserted hardware would attach factory equipment and the internet that smart machines communicate directly with the smart manufacturing blockchain real time. public data feed real-time feed from public databases will provide insights into real-time commodity cost, private and public machine capabilities, news rss keyword and other related data. manufacturers can, turn, use data better price their quotes based real-time material costs. purchasers will have broader comparative view into machine capabilities outside the smart manufacturing blockchain. connection logistics providers when the ecosystem expands, smart manufacturing blockchain, can track real-time delivery throughout the supply chain manage their entire production from concept delivery. competitive analysis blockchain and expansion iiot has been growing area for investment for many private companies, focused pinpointing and correcting company inefficiencies. these investments have been largely made conglomerates hoping capitalize global demand for manufactured products. there are limited, direct comparisons smart mfg tech's and syncfab's industry-specific mfg token incentive system facilitate blockchain engagement and build-out the shopfloor the factories. the blockchain flourishes, large manufacturers supply chain companies looking for blockchain solutions will adopt the mfg their networks simply use syncfab's smart manufacturing smart contract protocol and/or production capacity network. within the competitive landscape, companies are approaching decentralized manufacturing different ways: general electric: focused finding inefficiencies within its own systems, ge's migration towards smart factories mostly self-contained and aimed improving the company's performance within its massive enterprise and vast product lines. large conglomerates like can afford invest millions dollars company-specific smart technologies. ibm: hyperledger designed for business-to-business exchanges, and functions private enterprise blockchain for companies who may already business together and trust each other enough share documents, designs and contracts. aimed creating efficiencies among partners, this system would serve prominent manufacturers who may already dominate the supply chain various ways. google: google search engines place priorities paid advertisers. given search, topping their lists are supply chain players who pay get business their door. yet many precision parts machine shops remain unknown. the effort takes for purchasers investigate and learn more about company' capabilities and capacities can't easily accessed public search engines. such clearinghouses for small- medium-sized shops not exist yet. syncfab serves the first, public peer-to-peer manufacturing ecosystem. decentralized manufacturing platform where token holders can interact directly with each other launch projects and procure parts, pay for services, and get them delivered creates trust among community users. the future, syncfab would authenticate off-chain data sets on-chain using cornell's developed town crier system. syncfab plans explore the public private blockchain smart contract data synthesis using cornell's town crier project when syncfab proceeds build out its live machine data feed the scenario the funding hard cap achieved. roadmap conceptual development planning for the mfg token, the smart manufacturing smart contract and syncfab platform web began august with goal completing token integration soon after the end mfg token distribution event and completion smart contract adapted platform syncfab committed the long-term success the platform and the standardization the smart manufacturing blockchain. listening and adjusting customer feedback ingrained syncfab's approach and essential building product high value that will save time reduce overhead for clients. the eth minimum crowdsale target met the mfg token launch will involve: creation the smart contracts generate and distribute the ,,, supply mfg the allotment stipulated the token distribution plan. creation five wallets. each will store its individually distributed mfg amounts the allotment. encrypted digital wallet stores its encoded mfg eth, and can decoded validate its actual amount the ethereum network. creation crowdsale smart contract distribute the mfg tokens the amount relative the eth contributed from the token distribution sale. creation the ethereum virtual machine (evm) secure, execute and validate the previously mentioned smart contracts, future smart contracts, and the transfer and conversion mfg eth, and vice versa the ethereum network. integration the evm into the current syncfab platform and technology stack. milestones *the roadmap subject changes during development and regulations affecting blockchain technology and utility token economics. dependent the soft cap raised during the initial token issuance early adopters and any regulatory changes the utility token economies, the roadmap subject re-prioritization due unforeseen circumstances complications during development stages through customer feedback real life use cases. milestone mfg token generation event and distribution february token generation and march april mfg token distribution. (if eth/ usd minimum met) milestone mfg token acceptance integration integration the mfg token for acceptance into existing syncfab rfq web sourcing (pre-blockchain) platform. ongoing exploratory discussions with partner manufacturing supply chain networks for mfg token acceptance and integration for dedicated and inter-industry protocol blockchains and smart contracts. milestone format ethereum blockchain smart contracts for purchasers amend ethereum smart contract conditions for supply chain purchaser requirements (if eth/m usd soft cap met) milestone format ethereum blockchain smart contracts for suppliers amend ethereum smart contract conditions for existing machine shop capabilities milestone implement mfg ethereum blockchain smart contract supply chain implement purchaser-supplier mfg tailored ethereum smart contract syncfab platform milestone survey machine shop upgrade requirements survey machine shop upgrades meet more supply chain purchaser automated requirements end-to-end blockchain smart contract (if eth/m usd hard cap reached) milestone formulate upgrade solution for machine shops based wholistic survey results formulate economical hardware networking solution instantaneously grab and put online data feeds from the production machines for data driven process optimization and real time monitoring milestone begin implementing machine live data feed upgrade solution include off-chain onchain data authentication mechanism integration funding roadmap funding milestone targets funding target: deliverables: minimum: eth usd) soft cap: eth usd) hard cap: eth usd) mfg token generation layer blockchain smart contracts supplier holistic integration survey mfg token distribution format purchaser smart contracts machine live data feed solution mfg token syncfab integration format supplier smart contracts upgrade adapted blockchain mfg token industry partnership outreach mfg token industry strategic partnership outreach mfg token distribution launch smart mfg tech's mfg token distribution event partnership with syncfab provides opportunities for those who want see manufacturing revolutionized public, peer-to-peer ecosystem and blockchain. the mfg tokens will incentivize innovators and manufacturers connect and create. token distribution event token name: smart manufacturing token token symbol: mfg total supply: ,,, mfg allocated market (public) supply: mfg (%) pre-sale start date: november pre-sale will conclude when allocation deemed exhausted february main public sale date: february will accepting ether (eth) the form payment. eth mfg minimum goal: eth usd) this our minimum goal. the amount not reached, will refund all eth contributed the crowdsale. soft cap: eth usd) hard cap: eth usd) this the maximum amount mfg tokens we're looking sell the crowdsale. any unsold mfg allocated the public market supply will destroyed after the distribution event. bonus incentives industrial revolutionary private presale this presale exclusive long-term strategic partners the industrial manufacturing space which have expressed interest participating and supporting the expansion the smart manufacturing blockchain. start date: november hardware innovators exclusive presale for innovative manufacturing and supply chain professionals and apprentices. bonus: mfg tokens minimum start date: november public presale for the aspiring early adopter supply chain purchasers and hardware manufacturers. bonus: mfg tokens minimum start date: january main public sale for the aspiring hardware innovators, supply chain and manufacturing professionals. minimum february february pst): bonus february february pst): bonus february march pst): bonus march march pst): bonus any unsold mfg will destroyed after the distribution event. token distribution plan prior the token distribution event, smart mfg tech ltd will generate supply one billion (,,,) mfg tokens. total three hundred million (,,) mfg will offered the public (current syncfab users and the smart manufacturing blockchain early adopters). each mfg wallet account will store mfg tokens the blockchain the unit decimal places the smallest unit mfg token being mfg. the distribution smart contract does not permit any new tokens created destroyed after the token distribution event. the conclusion the distribution event, the token distribution smart contract will destroy any mfg publically-allocated tokens which are not sold the close the event. there will inflating the mfg. the total supply mfg dependent how many mfg's are sold during the distribution event; the final supply has yet determined. figure mfg token distribution chart token sale offered the public (current and new syncfab users and early adopters the smart manufacturing blockchain) strategic partnership adoption pool for long-term community building and adoption the smart manufacturing smart contract blockchain protocol through partner manufacturing supply chain networks and other partnerships based mfg token acceptance. the mfg within this pool will allocated potential smart manufacturing blockchain partners who will adopt and implement the usage said blockchain their network users syncfab for research, engineering, deployment, business development, and marketing with standard year lock-up. founding team and bounty--team, advisors and early contributors smart mfg tech ltd for long-term ecosystem promotional budget, and network governance. strategic partnership adoption pool the strategic partnership adoption pool with pre-allocated amount three hundred million (,,) mfg tokens created support continued community growth and smart manufacturing blockchain adoption. the mfg tokens will distributed potential partners who commit implementing the smart manufacturing blockchain into their current systems. the mfg tokens will also distributed the smart manufacturing blockchain partners their current user base promote adoption and engagement within their own networks. for example, ease the barrier entry adopting new ordering system, the partner can allocate their current users with mfg tokens start using within the smart manufacturing blockchain procure parts production. new members the ecosystem are given incentives use allocated amounts cover time and resources needed learn about and promote the smart manufacturing blockchain. funding breakdown smart mfg tech ltd's expected use proceeds dependent the soft-cap ethereum (eth) raised during our token distribution event. figure smart mfg tech ltd expected use proceeds software development smart manufacturing blockchain and smart contract marketing and business development marketing efforts include expanding awareness and adoption the platform while enhancing engagement with current users. these funds will directed third-party providers offering marketing, pr, partnerships, and affiliates administration and operational expenses consists security, accounting and other associated administration costs legal compliance legal efforts include incorporation, regulation, compliance and ongoing operation reserved this set aside for unforeseen costs smart mfg tech ltd allocated smart mfg tech ltd budget foster stability and demand for the mfg token mfg token distribution smart contract view our github repository for latest code updates: ttps://github.com/syncfab reference: ethereum smart contract standard view ethereum smart contract standards at: ttps://www.ethereum.org/greeter risk factors there are many challenges that can potentially serve barrier entry for mass adoption the smart manufacturing blockchain the manufacturing industry, including widespread acceptance the proposed economic model. some initial risk factors may include: reluctance suppliers adopt new technology. syncfab would have provide effective training use the platform brokers resist change and hold customers. supply capacity bottlenecks and price surges. manufacturers want remain siloed and isolated. syncfab would create ways for them adapt its reporting systems and communications channels. local ecosystems and laws could slow adapt. additional risk factors apply syncfab's business general and the mfg token sale event particular, and widespread adoption the smart manufacturing blockchain: syncfab may not reach the minimum, soft cap hard cap target sale amounts and may not have the sufficient funds execute its business plan. the mfg token may significantly influenced digital currency market trends and mfg value may severely depreciated due non-mfg related events the digital currency markets. areas the manufacturing supply chain industry may fall under global local regulation that may limit the use tokens for supply chain procurement. syncfab web complex software platform, and its launch may significantly delayed due unforeseen development barriers. competition may introduce same better manufacturing supply chain smart contract solutions and cause syncfab lose market share and eventually fail deliver its business goals. the use mfg tokens may come under the scrutiny governmental institutions. the ownership mfg tokens may fall under new and unpredicted taxation laws that will erode mfg benefits. smart mfg tech ltd may not succeed creating the necessary momentum and acceptance for the mfg token, which may result low liquidity and depletion trades. the positions and plans outlined this white paper may altered the project progresses. team smart mfg tech ltd smart mfg tech ltd promotes new technologies and applications for use within the industrial manufacturing industry. dominating, but not exclusive focus the promotion the smart manufacturing blockchain, the mfg token and its related technologies, well its promotion technologies and applications supporting said blockchain. smart mfg tech will generate, distribute and manage the mfg token and will work add partners such private and public companies, along with government entities adopt and standardize the smart manufacturing blockchain system records for all manufacturing procurement within the industrial supply chain. for new strategic partnerships, smart mfg tech ltd will manage the network governance and overall health the mfg token ecosystem well allocate from the partner adoption pool mfg tokens, given new users source and procure parts production through the usage the smart manufacturing blockchain. hikaru yuki executive director hikaru international supply chain professional with almost decade experience fuji xerox global supply chain department. view linkedin profile jason tong general manager jason international business professional with extensive experience blockchain, cryptocurrencies, ecommerce and internet technologies. view linkedin profile syncfab team jeremy goodwin chief executive officer jeremy ceo syncfab, iiot industry blockchain manufacturing industry partner the $mm d.o.e. d.o.c. clean energy smart manufacturing innovation initiative (cesmii) appointed the white house and departments energy and commerce national network for manufacturing innovation (nnmi). syncfab also the san francisco mayor's office civic innovation startup residence (stir) partnership with the cities san leandro, oakland and west sacramento. from jeremy served executive president and cfo china advanced construction materials company, leading peak performance employees and nasdaq ipo. the only bilingual member the company board directors, was responsible for negotiating large international contracts, implementing sox compliance, and managing international accounting audits, sec and shareholder communications. jeremy secured private equity investment offer support company expansion plans and nasdaq listing before board decision privatize. from jeremy was managing director capital partners and global capital group trans-pacific merchant banking firms with more than transaction mandates. from jeremy worked financial executive ing barings, baring capital partners, abn amro, mees pierson new york, london, amsterdam, geneva, beijing, and hong kong including carlyle partners first $bn fund. jeremy fluent chinese and french and social impact entrepreneur, passionate about technologies improving the human condition. view linkedin profile andy tong chief strategy officer andy tong entrepreneur well known for his success the video game industry ceo and founder top online game portal mmoabc, which its peak garnered millions monthly mmo gaming visitors from north america with zero spent advertising before the proliferation social media. andy's current role chief strategy officer involves influencing, maintaining, and fostering relationships with strategic partnerships, investors, and customers. addition, achieved great success the ecommerce referral industry securing thousands advertiser partnerships through his portfolio web portals that leveraged state the art search engine marketing and deployed browser based advertising technologies with online retail sales totaling over million usd the last decade. andy also serves president imex investment group angel investor startups and serves the advisory board for senhoa. earned his bachelor's degree business administration (cis) from the california state polytechnic university pomona, california. for over years has been avid practitioner health and fitness. andy supporter the amendment and currently resides frisco, texas, with his daughter, wife and pet dog. view linkedin profile jay ligda chief technology officer jay currently the chief technology officer syncfab. jay's responsibilities involves managing team developers maintain, and develop the syncfab application. jay self-educated technologist who's been the development community for the last years. owned and managed synergetic web creations website, which provided consultation for small medium businesses developing solutions html, css, js, cgi script integration, asp, sql server, php, ajax and mysql. view linkedin profile dennis delgado chief design officer dennis delgado has over years the art and design world. has played many roles from gallery director ui/ux designer. has curated numerous art design shows with artists whose works are the collections sfmoma, moma, mint museum, pompidou, and the art institute chicago. more recently, co-founded syncfab.com, online platform matching businesses local manufacturers help bring ease and accessibility the product design production process. currently, dennis resides san leandro, ca, working with the city create the first ever smart manufacturing grid. view linkedin profile nathan makino operations nathan makino has over years experience managing teams and business operations. nathan natural leader who extremely analytical, dynamic, problem solving and has proactive can-do attitude that continually delivers exceptional results with any organization supports. view linkedin profile ben gerstein head marketing ben gerstein has over years' experience digital marketing, during venture-funded saas which he's startups advised and fast fortune growing global consumer product companies their digital marketing strategy. ben has helped companies accelerate growth and optimize the customer journey through sem, ppc, seo, display retargeting campaigns, email marketing, social media ads, content marketing, conversion rate optimization, account based marketing and growth hacking. view linkedin profile ram maurer community manager ram has over years experience working community development, event production, marketing, and design. director momai venice, helped make venice beach one the most influential neighborhoods the world. his work for brands including strange invisible perfumes, and heritage classics have been featured italian architectural digest anniversary edition, new york times, international herald tribune, vogue and many more. view linkedin profile ali zain blockchain developer ali zain has over decade experience full-stack application development. expert blockchain, cryptocurrency ico development. also co-founded ideofuzion. view linkedin profile yasir iqbal blockchain developer yasir iqbal veteran blockchain, cryptocurrency and software development. has extensive experience mobile application development and has lectured university students java, c++, data structures and databases. yasir has master's degree computer science and also co-founded ideofuzion. view linkedin profile ali rizvi blockchain developer ali rizvi software developer with experience solidity, node js, angular and mean stack. has strong passion for world changing disruptive technologies such blockchain and cryptocurrencies. view linkedin profile khan tran full stack engineer khanh tran, full stack engineer with over years experience full stack software development. khanh tech lover that passionate about programming, spending all his time researching and applying blockchain web applications. khanh sees blockchain revolution not just technology but also web based applications through decentralized, transparent and public databases. view linkedin profile advisory board mike jones science inc. dollar shave club, myspace mike jones internet executive, investor and strategic advisor and ceo science, inc. los angeles's most active angel investor with more than $.b exits. his exits alone included science portfolio companies hellosociety (acquired new york times), famebit (acquired google) and dollar shave club (acquired unilever). also long-time entrepreneur. started his first company college, and was previously the ceo userplane (acquired aol), tsavo (acquired cybermedia), pbj (acquired jb), myspace (acquired specific media), myspace japan (acquired softbank), and fim (acquired rubicon project). view linkedin profile gil penchina ridge ventures, paypal, ebay gil penchina serial entrepreneur, super angel and partner ridge ventures. he's investor brave, ripple, filecoin, civic, eos and was actually angel investor the first cryptocurrency startup, paypal previously was the founder flight.vc which manages over investment syndicates with over angel investors, co-founder fastly, ceo wikia, now top website and was member the pre-ipo team ebay. before ebay, gil worked general electric, bain co. and started two small technology companies. addition, gil has been active angel investor over companies including firms such dollar shave club, cruise automotive, linkedin, paypal, angellist, altschool, eshares, wealthfront, indiegogo, and many others. view linkedin profile jeff berwick ceo the dollar vigilante jeff berwick has been technology entrepreneur and investor since founded canada's largest financial website, stockhouse.com, the company went worth million the peak the tech bubble. mr. berwick founded the dollar vigilante and became one bitcoin's most prominent promoters when was continues one the most watched promoters cryptocurrencies and blockchain technologies through the dollar vigilante. view linkedin profile simon cocking senior editor, irish tech news simon cocking senior editor irish tech news, editor chief cryptocoinnews, and freelances for sunday business post, irish times, southern star, ibm, g+d, and other publications. has advised successful icos date and accomplished public speaker events including tedx, web summit, dublin tech summit, and overseas singapore, moscow, tel aviv, madrid, tbilisi, riga, porto and helsinki. view linkedin profile peter moricz ceo moricz.io peter moricz investor, founder, mentor startups and successful advisor numerous blockchain token offerings. peter brings wealth first-hand knowledge and expertise this ever-evolving industry. his focus mainly europe but has global network partners who are highly respected the blockchain community. view linkedin profile steve sprague ceo rivetz corp. steven sprague the ceo rivetz corp. and one the principle industry evangelists for the application trusted computing technology. steven has strong technical foundation the principles, capabilities and business models incorporating trusted hardware into everyday computing, and skilled translating these concepts into layman's terms. view linkedin profile professor xiaochun ucla raytheon chair manufacturing, cto cesmii professor xiaochun the raytheon chair manufacturing engineering ucla department mechanical and aerospace engineering,& department materials science and engineering. also cto, california smart manufacturing center, clean energy smart manufacturing innovation institute which syncfab resource partner. view linkedin profile victor nguyen product advisor victor nguyen driven self-starter and professional with vast skill set and experiences the startup, public, and private sector, both nationally and internationally. his entrepreneurial mindset and expertise are driven obsession "do what takes" successful and streamlining processes efficient possible. victor graduated with degree civil engineering and spent eight years designing highways and pipelines while working for the city arcadia and psomas, private company. his entrepreneur nature then took him into different direction, away from civil engineering and into events, marketing and development. relocated vietnam, created and operated two companies: group, events and marketing company, and adventuity, development consultant company. victor now back the united states and part the syncfab team after two-year tenure saas startup, saleshood, where was responsible for customer success, product management, and operations. view linkedin profile mark crone clg law mr. crone the managing partner crone law group, specializing the corporate, securities and other regulatory aspects global business ventures across diverse array industries between companies the u.s. with asia, central and south america, russia, africa, australia and the middle east. with almost twenty-five years global legal, corporate and investment banking experience, mr. crone represents both u.s. and foreign corporations across wide range industries. his broad experience includes public and private equity and debt security financings, international mergers and acquisitions, angel, venture capital and private equity financings, project finance, banking and financial instruments, secured debt transactions, going private transactions, foreign direct investment and corporate law and governance. view linkedin profile michael wong mufg michael wong experienced cyber security expert and leader the financial services industry, working with teams balance security and business objectives. mufg led the development the cybersecurity program for system endpoints and was instrumental the creation the cyber security operations center (csoc). prior mufg, michael has consulted for fortune companies while kpmg and data analytics with the walt disney company. view linkedin profile chris cheng apple chris cheng senior mechanical product designer with expertise consumer electronics and medical devices. values detail- oriented and user-centered approach design with eye for aesthetics. comfortable working with senior management and cross-functional teams. worked startup garage fortune company and was co-inventor issued patents. view linkedin profile changelog white paper versions edits public release expanded sections .., .., and expanded section added mark crone section added michael santore section added mike jones section added gil penchina section clarification inherent risks and industry terminology per lawyer's comments (numerous sections) updated token economics, bonus structure and added editorial restructuring for roadmap, competitive analysis and bonus clarification section final edits before presale lowered soft cap hard cap edited presale date added steven sprague advisor edited section added usd caps with eth equivalent edited section hard cap soft caps public sale bonuses added team section updated