white paper warning this document does not constitute prospectus relating regulated financial transaction and consequently has not been filed registered with the french financial regulator (autorite des marches financiers) any financial authority regulatory body france any other country. talao white paper source https://talao.io general disclaimer this purpose this document (the "white paper") provide readers with information talao's business model and projects. this white paper for information purposes only. the information contained herein subject change. consequently, updated versions this white paper will regularly published talao its website (https://talao.io). while talao made every reasonable effort ensure that the information relating its business and project contained this white paper and its website accurate and date, this information may not considered exhaustive and this white paper may contain omissions inaccuracies. this white paper does not constitute offer invitation buy shares, securities, financial investments rights belonging issued talao any related associated company. none the information analyses this white paper intended provide basis for investment decision, and specific investment recommendation made. accordingly, this white paper does not constitute investment advice invitation invest any security financial instrument any nature whatsoever. the publication circulation this white paper certain jurisdiction may restricted law regulation. talao white paper source https://talao.io table contents executive summary...................................................... the market............................................................. market definition and segmentation ................................... market size .......................................................... existing market problems and needs ................................... centralized platforms own talent data .............................. falsification resumes common practice ........................ freelancing talent lose commission platforms .......... lack power freelancing talent versus their customers ......... the talao platform..................................................... talao platform value proposition ..................................... talao business ecosystem ............................................ talent ............................................................ communities ....................................................... clients ........................................................... third parties ..................................................... competitors ....................................................... key benefits the talao platform for the ecosystem ................ key components the platform ...................................... the professional reputation vault ................................. decentralized autonomous organization ............................. talent marketplace processes ...................................... the talao token ................................................... talao tokens creation ............................................. talao revenues model ................................................ talao use cases ..................................................... governance the talao project....................................... management board .................................................... management team profiles ............................................ advisors ............................................................ roles responsibilities .......................................... composition the advisory board ................................. statutory auditors .................................................. project roadmap....................................................... general roadmap ..................................................... go-to market roadmap ................................................ technical roadmap ................................................... budget allocation (post ico) ........................................ round budget allocation ........................................ round budget allocation ........................................ group comparisons ................................................. governing law jurisdiction ........................................ talao white paper source https://talao.io executive summary the team leading the talao project aim create the next five years the first decentralized autonomous organisation with million users, taking position the top global talent on-demand platforms, billion market according the sia talao the first public ethereum-based decentralized and autonomous platform dedicated talent. gives talent access huge panel companies asking for their expertise, enables them benefit from smart contract-based payments, and allows them build strong community-based reputation, thereby disrupting the traditional working industry eliminating its middlemen. the talao token gives right usage the following services provided the platform: talent can have their resume and professional reputation certified the community and stored decentralized reputation vault, allowing them take ownership their professional reputation and select the potential viewers their qualifications. businesses can get access the certified skills talent pool, select the appropriate professionals, and find the profile that best matches their specific needs. both parties can send and receive secured contract-based payments, convertible into fiat cryptocurrencies, according their agreement. the talao revenues model based on: premium services bought customers: priority status for urgent request, skill-based screening tools conflict settlement, platform adaptation dedicated branded portal. specific customers' need, like the estimated revenues for the platform are the gross payment volume (gpv). the team leading talao mix internet and professional services entrepreneurs with shared vision: the blockchain revolution about decentralization. the public blockchain revolution, just like the internet the will huge step forward this direction, forever disrupting the ways humans cooperate and build reciprocal trust decentralized world. more than technological financial revolution, public blockchains will decisive factor the transformation human activities' governance, and within the coming years companies will have choice but embrace this new way thinking, sharing and working. dao will part the business world. the public blockchains will become mainstream. the internet was unstoppable, too will the public blockchains be. the see https://www.staffingindustry.com/eng/content/download///humancloudsummary_.pdf talao white paper source https://talao.io amazing mix open source development, coopetition among projects and the huge need for decentralization creating unique mix human intelligence, capital and momentum. the working industry accelerating toward talent on-demand model. leading companies are pushing forward organizations where top talent are engaged where and when needed. talent are looking for more and more freedom while being able manage their revenues steams. more than million people are freelancing today. this the main trend the future work. public blockchains will disrupt the talent on-demand market, creating fairer and more efficient value chain. they will enable talent own their data, contrast today's platforms that centralize this data. ultimately, blockchain technologies and more precisely dao (decentralized autonomous organizations), will enable more transparent relationship between talent and business. talao the move ethereum blockchain for emindhub, talent centralized marketplace created currently, the platform allows businesses hire experts for specific missions. the platform working product, live http://talao.io, and brings together top talent and multinational firms from number industries. emindhub essentially disrupting itself reboot the worldwide talent on-demand market with the talao decentralized platform. with talao, talent will: increase their value the market with their professional reputation, profile and experiences stored the blockchain, freely organize themselves decentralized autonomous communities maximize their wealth and professional path, giving them more control and more leverage when negotiating deals with large corporations, increase their revenues relative the traditional model where they were used getting their work through staffing platforms. welcome talao. welcome the future work. talao white paper source https://talao.io the market market definition and segmentation the core market talao the talent on-demand market, high growth trend the economy. according mckinsey report published there are four types independent workers: contracting talent, who choose become independent and derive their primary income from it, casual earners, who supplementary income, reluctant players, who make their primary living from independent work but would rather prefer traditional jobs, financially strapped, who supplementary independent work out necessity. choose work independently for all these talent types work either skills based engagements task based engagements. talao addresses the first segment: talent working skills based engagements. market size mckinsey, their report, estimate the working-age population the united states are engaged the independent workforce. the freelancers union million" report supports these figures, with their own estimate million people doing freelance work the the national workforce. people who freelance contribute billion freelance earnings the economy. india likely the second biggest country terms independent work, with more than million people working independently india freelancing talent the european zone also freelance: according the independent professionals", million strong labour market. seeing impressive rise talent going report "future working: the rise europe's the european freelance economy was more than making them the fastest growing group the looking the numbers, the key focus the business talent ondemand made over digital platforms. one can look the global market off and online, can consider the primary market talao the first years shift from business done over centralized online platforms decentralized platforms like talao. source http://freelancersunion.org/million source https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freelancing_in_india talao white paper source https://talao.io the market segmented follows, industry experts staffing industry analysts: figure segmentation online talent on-demand business (source: sia the global market size estimated billion. the initial market talao addressing the one centralized staffing platforms like upwork, catalant, glg and toptal. this initial market for talao estimated billion existing market problems and needs this billion market, growing fast pace, has several structural problems for talent and business: centralized platforms own talent data when talent are using online staffing platform like upwork toptal, they not own their own professional reputation and profile. example, elance freelancers' reputations dropped when elance merged with odesk create upwork. highly qualified freelancers ended with 'job success rate' upwork due many no-feedback projects from elance. the low "job success rate" clearly means considerably less success finding and landing jobs for freelancing talent talao will enable talent own their professional data and reputation. falsification resumes common practice when business wants work with talent, there huge risk that the information provided misleading, even factually false. understand see details https://www.usource.me/-facts-upwork-isnt-telling-you-and-freelance-platform-alternatives/ for more talao white paper source https://talao.io that resumes and job applications contain falsifications. show fraudulent degrees. show altered employment dates. have inaccurate job descriptions. give falsified references given the cost bad hire businesses are looking for way ensure the talent they hire has the right skills. with talao, talent can communicate businesses the access their stored data the talao digital vault, enabling more transparent and secure relationship. freelancing talent lose commission platforms the rise the internet created flatter world, but also created situation favourable centralization services around few platforms. these platforms are effectively taking for each talent engagement, representing loss revenues for freelancers. just looking the online staffing platforms, that half billion dollars each year. talao will have commission model, encouraging freelancing talent join the talao dao and get their share this half billion dollars. lack power freelancing talent versus their customers the relationship between freelancing talent with his/her customer can asymmetrical, especially the customer big one. when comes managing disputes and resolving conflicts, the freelancing talent often alone, with centralized platform typically serving only the customers' interests. talao dao will provide fairer environment, where transparency and power are shared both sides. source: resume falsification statistics, statistic brain research institute, published statistic brain, april https://www.statisticbrain.com/resume-falsificationstatistics/). according the u.s. department labor, the price bad hire least the employee's first-year earnings (source: forbes, the true cost bad hire it's more than you think talao white paper source https://talao.io the talao platform talao platform value proposition talao will disrupt the talent-on demand market creating the talao digital token, used companies and talent manage fully peerto-peer business relationship. based that token, talao will propose the first fully distributed platform ethereum, thereby providing: the first secured, global, fair and fully decentralized talent marketplace, managed talent dao, which means commission taken middlemen, unique way for talent own their professional data with secured vault storing professional certificates accessible demand recruiters and hirers. figure the talao decentralized platform talao white paper source https://talao.io talao business ecosystem the talao ecosystem consists key players: talent communities clients third parties competitors talent the talent using the talao platform are any five profile types: independent talent: traditional freelancers who not have fixed employer and work project-to-project basis, diversified talent (slashers people with multiple sources income from mix traditional employers and freelance work, "moonlighters" talent: professionals with primary traditional job who also moonlight doing freelance work, "freelance business owner" talent: these freelancers have one more employees and consider themselves both freelancer and business owner, "active retiree" talent: retirees willing transfer their knowledge and keep touch with their communities. they are especially active engineering sectors like aerospace, oil gas, and the nuclear industries. communities community usually group users who share the same skills work the same market. aerospace talent are community, graphic designers for digital software applications are community, software developers are community, open source committers are also community. the aim the talao platform transform each these communities into fully decentralized autonomous organization, which means organization whose operating rules are encoded smart contracts. similarly, all the financial transactions are saved blockchain. there will two forms communities: autonomous open communities (aoc), autonomous private communities (apc), usually set gather former employees for confidential purposes: subscription clauses are attached the community and invitation will required join. the term slasher was coined marci alboher, author one person/multiple careers describe the 'slash' the job title someone who x/y/z example 'journalist/web editor/pr' talao white paper source https://talao.io clients clients are companies looking for resources both core areas and noncore business. they can big companies, smes, services companies, training centers, institutions, clusters research centers. their specific needs are to: cope with the intermittent lack key competencies in-house, leverage external resources instead maintaining large employee base, for anything from simple complex work, expand the panel external talent for innovation programs, find resources open new markets, communicate with broad community talent the world. third parties third parties are means for talao attract talent clients that are not the talao ecosystem yet. they could either staffing agencies, consultants, job boards even other marketplaces. the third parties would benefit from the certification process allowed the token. competitors the main competitors the talao platform are divided into categories: the traditional centralized marketplaces (catalant, upwork, glg, freelancer.com, toptal, guru, etc.) taking commission and fiat-only payment system, the blockchain based marketplaces (coinlancer, blocklancer, canya, mondo, etc.) with low commissions %), the blockchain based, dao based marketplaces (like ethlance) with commission, with different strategies acquire talent and businesses. traditional marketplaces are the ones launched from and the client's side with value proposition for based companies. the first group players provides low cost workforce solution, often recruiting remote people from poor countries. the second group companies were launched more recently and propose more and more local freelancers (eu and based) the gig economy has grown exponentially since the financial crisis. the value proposition the second group quality through the best talent they try select. all these companies take high fees freelancing talent jobs. the blockchain marketplace group made new players funded through recent ico. their main point difference versus the value proposition traditional players basically low commission fee (typically %). some provide added value with freelancing talent tribunal for conflict settlement provide talent with limited rights change platform parameters. ultimately though they all have centralized governance and still act traditional commercial companies paying dividends and sharing profits. also see they only provide cryptocurrencies means payment for jobs. our conviction today that will take time spread cryptocurrencies among blue chip companies talao white paper source https://talao.io and freelancers. this group acts brake the fast pace development the market demanding. dao marketplaces like talao are today not common. ethlance (ethlance.com) one them, developed proof concept districtx and aragon, ethlance full ethereum with data and logic stored smart contracts. ethlance was first show the disruption provided blockchain technologies all kinds freelancing marketplaces. ethlance commission free talao. our similarities end there, with key differences number areas, including: different architecture technology for data storage welcome users, digital certified certificates provide value clients, dao talent with voting system based only reputation and very experienced and professional team the freelancing business develop and market talao one the top players the human cloud economy within years. talao white paper source https://talao.io traditional marketplaces blockchain marketplaces historic players dao marketplaces new players companies witmart, upwork, freelancer, toptal, guru,... coinlancer, blocklancer, canya, mondo, indorse, ethearnal... ethlance talao founded production production development, production. production development, first production. access large remote low-cost workforce best freelancing talent and selection process none none reduce risks hiring thanks access talent certificates low commission commission shareholders token holders current state value proposition buyer side seller side value prop. governance none shareholders shareholders first release legal structure for profit for profit not for/limited profit funding public token sales (aragon) high costs low cost free commission freelancer jobs talent community reputation release through token sales talao white paper source https://talao.io traditional marketplaces blockchain marketplaces historic players membership freelancers fees for dao marketplaces new players free and paid plans users for larger players less than (excluding acq.) less than currency fiat only crypto only crypto only crypto fiat skill endorsement yes, depending marketplaces yes dispute settlement yes additional cost yes additional cost yes/no yes, free vetting yes depending platforms n/a yes yes depending platforms yes web server application, proprietary software ethereum smart contracts fully distributed data logic and storage ethereum fully distributed data logic ethereum and client side app data storage distributed yes yes yes advanced tools, ia,.. architecture mobile app matching web server software yes application, proprietary talao white paper source https://talao.io key benefits the talao platform for the ecosystem with the talao marketplace, talent can: increase their impact the market organizing themselves communities managed distributed autonomous organization -dao-, leveraging the full power blockchain, realize reduction commission fees, increase their value the job market with blockchain certified experiences when getting hired for mission after the completion courses, use fiat and cryptocurrencies escrow account for payment, register with verified anonymous profile, settle conflicts with mediator fees. with the talao marketplace, client requestor can: find content: answers questions, documents, moocs, etc., conduct direct search the dao talent database and access top talent reputation vault, hire talent for temporary permanent missions (online calls, assignments, hiring), outsource project pool talent and manage contracts. with talao, talent can: sell access his/her reputation vault, submit bids, apply for mission, monetize his/her network, share/sell content. talao white paper source https://talao.io key components the platform the professional reputation vault overview the talao protocol allows talent own their data: they can control their past experiences, choose who can access and contact them. this supported credentials and experience certification. this data available two supports: smartphone wallet, provided blockcerts and personal professional reputation vault. professional reputation vault reputation vault powerful tool for the talao community, the client and the talent. allows the community manage anonymous certificates accessed from job boards and marketplaces. from the client perspective, the reputation vault makes easier query complex data. but above all, for the talent, allows individual control their own asset and potentially gain profits from (when used others). this the most powerful tool provided talent control their own asset and potentially get profits back its use others (job boards, marketplace, etc.). the certificate issuance key point that process, certificates are issued widely low price (see blockcerts tools one can foresee large adoption the professional reputation vault outside the talao marketplace. within the vault, possible store blockcerts certificates and other documents prove skills and professional experience. the reputation vault supported decentralized, distributed trustless consensus and secured data storage system; ethereum only used store data addresses. talent the only owner his/her reputation vault. the reputation vault gdpr compliant talent can remove any piece data. since they own the data, talent will have the option give clients and agents read access their vault. confidence index and fcr standard talent members are free set fees give access their credentials inside the reputation vault, only fair that clients have independent valuation that asset. this the purpose the confidence index. absolute quotation the confidence one can give the resume through certificates. high confidence index proof honesty and sincerity. the confidence index can value any resume wherever exposed (personal web page, social media network, job boards, freelancing marketplaces...). see https://blockcerts/org/about.html talao white paper source https://talao.io the confidence index based the fully certified resume standard (fcr). fully certified resume consists verified information relating to: contact details: identity location (city-country) mobile phone email address education: diploma professional training experience: client mission statement type duration skills: hard skills soft skills languages resumes are valued through confidence index compared fcr. that number undefined and the maximum the confidence index values resumes compared fcr follows (figures may change): contact details: which: identity: (photo with passport hand) mobile phone number: (verification code) education: experience: (information provided authenticated client) skills: which (evaluation done least different authenticated clients taken into account) hard skills category: (star rating for the main skills) soft skills category: (star rating for the main skills) languages: (star rating) certification process skills can certified two ways: endorsement other talent, assignment authenticated customer after completion skill-based engagement. endorsement talent can make claim associated with their own profile. claim can relate degree professional personal skill. when creating claim, talent needs attach proof that can verified the community. the community then randomly chooses talent, acting approvers who can consider the claim, entering the "verification period". the approvers verify the claims and either approve reject it. they can create specific questionnaire test assess the skills the claimer necessary. every user, talent approver, will stake their own reputation either the claim endorsement. their claim gets approved (or their endorsement supported the majority approvers), their reputation will increase, otherwise, will decrease. the endorsement process supported the talao token. claimers and approvers transfer talao escrow account. once the consensus reached, they gain lose talao depending the endorsement result. talao white paper source https://talao.io assignment when talent has performed assignment and gets paid, clients are invited evaluate the implemented skills. firstly, clients evaluate talent work the basis the nps (net promoter score), based two questions: would you agree re-apply this talent this mission? (hard skills) would you agree work with this talent again? (soft skills) secondly, clients evaluate skills each the following categories: hard skills soft skills languages. artificial intelligence algorithms deployed top the talao platform propose list skills relating the job project description. reputation vault access price, agent and sharing plan when talent opens his/her reputation vault, access price requested. that token amount has paid clients all requests beyond the personal resume get access professional certificates, cards and personal contacts, talent studies and any data talent provided prove their experience and skill. that price can set any amount tokens decided talent. some situations, talent may decide appoint agent (job board, freelancing marketplace, social media, employer...) expose his/her profile and they may want share the revenue stream with the agent. that very specific functionality aims allow talent use the personal certificate vault with any kind staffing platforms they choose work with the future. talent choses leave the talao marketplace, his/her reputation vault will still remain their own very personal and tamper-proof place store their professional reputation. decentralized autonomous organization decision making process order run talao decentralized autonomous organization, token holders and active members can call for objections, dispute and votes make decisions. the voting power based the reputation talent within the dao. reputation within the dao the dao reputation system core component the talao features. it's built with light and simple implementation the colony.io pattern specially for objections and disputes. reputation (calculated on-chain), based the behaviour and client evaluation within the community, gives power influence decisions. each member community has associated reputation score which can computed follows (figures may change): contribution the community (from points) vote, objection, proposal, dispute, mediation point each talao white paper source https://talao.io bad behaviour point decay point quarter client evaluation balanced with economical weight (from points, star points) the hybrid voting core feature talao, the balance between client evaluation and contribution will set the community. client evaluation calculated on-chain with, for instance, mean the last job ratings, taking into account the economical weight each. talao will also offer the possibility source external evaluations from other platforms. this implies data deny process through objection and dispute enforce their integrity. decay time-based automatic decrease contribution numbers within community aiming encouraging members vote actively. before voting, talao protocol determines the number blocks mined since the last vote and decreases the contribution number point per block (figures may change). objections and disputes variables management are core within the dao, talao protocol aims building efficient objection and dispute process. talao members can raise objections order modify variables within smart contracts. for instance, objections may concern: balance ratio between client rating and contribution, deposit amount needed for funding proposal specific data sourced from off-chain gateway. the objections and disputes process particularly key verifying and certifying imports external data and client evaluations. mediation the mediation process, highly necessary for the functioning the dao, designed solve client-talent conflicts. clients and talent are able open dispute. soon dispute opened, both parties have five days document their arguments, propose new figures and stake the amount the dispute escrow. five talent members above reputation rating will randomly chosen vote order make decision. after this deadline, the mediation team will review all evidence and other information provided reach decision within days. dispute verdicts are final and irreversible. majority and other types votes voting used for objection and dispute, mediation, funding proposals and elect management board members (see governance section). call for voting can requested for one community the talao platform whole. for voting community, the balance between client evaluation and contribution will depend the community. the voting process requires stack tokens for period time but not foresee complex process lock and unlock tokens. talao white paper source https://talao.io funding proposals funding proposals are used transfer funds from the community account either the talao community account member account (rewards, bounty and budget). order submit funding proposal, minimum reputation score and talao token deposit from member needed. the proposal accepted backed more than the reputation score all voters. the proposal rejected more than the reputation score all voters, the funding proposal considered useless and the deposit transferred the community fund. task assignment task assignment the last step toward the full dao. the long term perspective, that the talao team community, being open any talent, ultimately designed take over the day day management the platform. however, practice several conditions are required reach that ideal: business revenues allow for the financing running costs, dao becomes one legal entity. new smart contracts will then deployed within that community assign tasks managers and workers. any talent will allowed join that community and part the management team the platform. dao management tools objections, disputes, votes, proposals and mediation are powerful tools run decentralized autonomous organization but these are not sufficient make decisions context ongoing change. within the talao platform, opinion poll and vote delegation are integrated dao management tools follows: opinion poll, request and share advice: the opinion poll off-chain application which aims request advice from the community the form multiple-choice questionnaire, vote delegation, identify key members within community: the vote delegation tool solution supported off-chain application identify key members within the community who have similar opinions, talent marketplace processes the main functionalities offered the talao marketplace are: creation resume, researching the dao's talent pool, hiring talent, outsourcing project, rating talent, sponsoring talent, talao white paper source https://talao.io create non-certified resume (as registration) when talent enters his/her resume, extracts and interprets data block. then proposes new visualization the resume highlighting skills and experiences has identified. the talent can also manually add remove skills. this basically non-certified resume. the community will then have certify this fcr progressively get fully certified resume. conduct direct search the dao's talent pool when requestor enters relevant talent profiles anonymously and order free with the talent the confidence index. basic keywords, manages algorithms trace within the dao's talent pool: they are displayed relevance. the requestor can either chat for buy his/her fcr based matching relevance and hire top talent for mission there are three steps hire talent for mission: clients post request, interested talent apply and 'the best fit' selected the client. post request clients describe the mission and formulate their needs guided through decision trees. they can ask series questions make pre-selection talent based their skills and their availability. each time the client refines their request, they are informed real time the number potential talent. experts apply for the mission according their skills and communities, talent are notified the new mission. can even preselect the most relevant talent for the mission. since the client may have short term supply need, the system makes balance between expertise and availability research the talent. during the selection process, talent answer series questions formulated the client. talent also have the option recommend another expert their own network, and paid for this recommendation. clients select 'the best fit' talent after the application process, clients can access the responses talent, displayed relevance and rating. this ranking can customized and adjusted the client. although talent remain anonymous, clients can buy any fcr from experts talao who responded directly got touch with them. outsource project selection process after posting their rfp, clients review proposals from experts the marketplace. formalize the project, clients can make order form that talao white paper source https://talao.io specifies terms and conditions regarding deliverables and invoicing. will stored the personal account and accessible all times. project follow-up each project includes online workspace shared the client team and experts. clients can follow and verify work through different methods. for hourly contracts, they can review work diary tracking billable time and record completed work. for fixed-price jobs, they can review the milestones agreed with the talent. the talao platform supports validation deliverables, enabling clients validate each stage the project. billing then managed automatically. payment rating the objective make sure payments are made before all terms and conditions between the contractors have been reached. from the beginning the project, funds remain locked escrow account (for fiat payments) smart-contract wallet (for payments cryptocurrencies). there conflict, payment triggered automatically when client accepts deliveries. the two parties then provide feedback and rate each other. sponsor talent talent can invite email other experts join talao. they earn rewards the first time each new talent they sponsored selected client and his/her fcr bought. costs and fees clients, posting mission offers, and talent, exposing their credentials, only need pay ethereum gas fees associated with these operations. clients may pay talent with fiat currencies talao tokens, switching talao and eth from/to fiat currencies tool implemented talao (see buy/sell functions talao token smart contract). payment wallet and physical credit card will provided talent minimum cost use their cryptocurrencies with ease. today foresee solutions like the tenx cards talao dapps would include functionalities transfer funds from the local wallet the tenx wallet and provide links order physical credit card. see http://www.tenx-tech.cohttp://www.tenx-tech.com/http://www.tenx-tech.com/m/. talao white paper source https://talao.io client main functionalities and options available buy stack available for free register, complete and update profile post request rfp available with tokens tokens transferred add options request (anonymous, nda, urgent, etc.) community direct search using matching tools community access talent proposals open and workspace answers online community talent digital talent talent community create digital certificates (wallet and vault) deposit claim for skill endorsement community endorsement talent dao involvement (voting) deposit buy access vault manage and escrow and assignments payment for vetting and evaluation process talent available with fiat currencies register, complete and update profile answer request bid request talao white paper the talao token the talao token utility token and erc compliant. media payment access marketplace services and manage personal digital vault. has types usage. tokens are either stacked deposits (protocol stacking function) transferred from client wallets talent' community wallets (protocol transactional function). talao token deposits participate the community (dao). one needs stack tokens order raise objection, ask for mediation, write proposals and vote. all these features require deposit prevent bad behaviour within communities. bad behaviours are typically useless proposals, scamming, fraud, etc. talao token used for gross payment volume (gpv). clients can pay talent for their work with talao tokens although believe fiat currencies will remain the main media payment, cryptocurrencies will the coming years surely accepted both clients and talents. the gpv the standard indicator measure the total business supported one marketplace. talao token deposits open reputation vault. predefined amount tokens then stacked talent deposit. talent leaves and closes his/her reputation vault, tokens are transferred back the talent wallet. the ethereum address private key used the key the reputation vault. talent the only owner his/her vault. talao tokens buy premium services. with tokens clients can for instance buy screening services, urgent requests ranking, conflict settlement procedures access one talent reputation vault. tokens are then transferred from client wallets communities' wallets talent (or agent) wallet. talent can use talao tokens request skill endorsements from community experts (the highest skilled talent). tokens are then transferred from one talent wallet group talent wallets. talao tokens can exchanged against ethers the marketplace and are also used automatically refill user wallets with ethers needed (to pay transaction gas). one cannot change talao tokens against fiat currencies the talao marketplace. talao tokens are not associated with voting rights revenues. the talao reputation system not based token holdings but client ratings and dao contributions. the talao token neither asset token nor work token. thoughts the economics the talao token the approach presented here does not pretend economical model the talao token usage. should read pragmatic way provide some forward looking numbers. all numbers presented are fiat numbers, the rate exchange with talao tokens will calculated theoretical target within the framework global monetary base and arbitrary token supply. talao white paper all know these numbers are open criticism but minimum they give guidance future token holders make their own evaluations. currency circulation estimated through basic equation exchange with size the currency base usd (token supply exchange rate) velocity the currency (token) price services assets concerned usd quantity services assets concerned the token velocity the number times token exchanged over period year. our assumption velocity for transactional activities, the exchange equation m=pq/. stacking functions have for calculation purposes velocity number. speculative holdings are not considered part the ecosystem monetary base. our framework here -year plan develop the talao ecosystem key player the cloud economy with target million users. the initial assumption the average marketplace business, per talent, per year, usd, and expected above average numbers the industry. the main reason that ethereum transaction costs will perceived barrier for low cost applicants. the gross payment volume the standard indicator measure the total business supported one marketplace. the sum all invoices paid customers within year. total users gross payment volume gpv/user busd usd talao key players today (data sources are company websites and annual report). operational data rarely reported companies are all private companies, with the exception freelancer.com. zhubajie-witmart (china) not recorded here. online staffing platform total users gross payment volume gpv/user/year upwork (us) busd usd toptal (us) unknown unknown freelancer (australia) usd guru (us) usd peopleperhour (us) usd talao white paper talao token specific functions for vault management the talao token erc token with set specific functions. the functions are included within the token smart contract, one may consider the token trusty third party for both client and talent establish relationship. that specificity allows the use the certificate vault whatever the platform (marketplace, job board, social media...). there market trading and third party between client and talent. protect client against bad behaviour, the talao token cannot replaced any other token. function createvaultaccess (uint myprice) public: any talent can provide access his/her reputation vault through his/her ethereum address and the talao token. this function allows talent set token price for that access. token deposit withdrawn from the talent account. the deposit also used for talent involvement the dao. function closevaultaccess public: talent can leave the community and close his/her vault. talao tokens are transferred back talent wallet. function agentapproval (address newagent, uint newsharingplan) talent can choose agent. the agent has access the user reputation vault. the agent will authorized receive tokens from the client behalf the talent user according sharing plan. talent has only one agent time. function setvaultdeposit (uint newdeposit) onlyowner public returns (bool): the marketplace owner can set the amount talao tokens needed open reputation vault. function getvaultaccess (address talent) public returns (bool) this function provides clients with unlimited access the talent reputation vault through the talent ethereum address. price has been set up, talao tokens are transferred from the client token balance the talent (or agent) token balance. talent has approved agent, tokens are transferred the agent address according the sharing plan. talao monetary mass evaluation the talao token designed used different ways. the following section provide estimate the monetary base for each them. talao tokens deposit participate the community (dao) the amount tokens needed vote, write proposal push objection. minimum amount fixed usd per talent. this considered deposit stacking function the protocol) and not tokens circulation. our initial assumption that more than the user community will involved the dao process. within our framework foresee that users usd usd talao tokens will held deposit. talao tokens used for gross payment volume (gpv) the new crypto marketplaces recently launched allow crypto payments jobs replacement fiat currency payment. unfortunately, believe that will not the case the near future the adoption talao white paper cryptocurrencies will take time and there some volatility and uncertainty. most the talent business supported marketplaces (gpv) will remain fiat. talao supports both fiat and cryptocurrencies. our assumption that more than the gross payment volume will paid with talao tokens. within our plan foresee (gpv) equivalent tokens will circulation for gpv. taking into account exchange equation that transactional activity, arrive =pq/, $,m talao tokens buy premium services taking long term perspective, critical issue once ico funds are depleted will finance the maintenance, software evolution and marketing. our assumption that global operational costs should not represent more than gpv. premium services cover overrun running costs, talao will break even. other scenario, the communities will have decide alternatives ways funding, like taking small fee gpv. within our framework foresee that (gpv) equivalent talao tokens will circulation for this use. taking into account exchange equation =pq/, get $,m. talao tokens deposit open reputation vault this use case the most powerful tool provided talent control their own asset and gain profit from its use other marketplaces. the certificate issuance key point that process, certificates are issued widely low prices (see blockcerts), one can foresee large adoption the reputation vault and consequently the talao token protocol outside the talao marketplace. our assumption that will position convince equivalent our own base talent use the reputation vault everywhere they expose their resumes. this use case stacking function the protocol the opening digital vault requires token deposit. our initial figure average deposit per freelancer. talent usd, get other token uses not accounted for ethereum transaction costs paid with tokens trading between ethers and tokens provided the talao marketplace through the automatic refill function the token (automatically sells tokens get ethers pay ethereum gas. client access talent reputation vault this access price defined talent only. quite difficult estimate the price and the access numbers, will not account for this transactional activity. escrow account when fixed price contracts paid with tokens are signed between talent and clients, funds are escrowed, tokens are stored for while and velocity decreases. talao white paper summary token use cases assumptions velocity dao deposit million talao users, $/user protocol stacking function, velocity jobs payment with tokens (gpv) transactional activity, velocity= base $,m transactional activity, velocity $,m protocol stacking function, velocity access reputation vaults transactional activity not accounted ethereum transactions transactional activity not accounted escrow account stacking function not accounted not accounted not accounted commission fees opening reputation vaults speculative holding, market maker, vesting period total (gpv) token usd deposit base the talent, monetary average velocity taking into account the stacking functions the protocol, the average global velocity estimated the talao protocol has two major stacking functions: deposit for dao involvement and deposit open reputation vault. when users receive tokens buy tokens they have incentives hold them, velocity decreases and the token price increases. assuming the marketplace successful, within our framework years assume the talao monetary ecosystem grow about $m. will not provide any assumptions for the in-between period from ico the end our -year plan. rely coin offering split into rounds, the token supply should increase simultaneously with user adoption. the token dynamic looks like the sum linear function the number marketplace talent with the addition, linear function the number reputation vault owners whatever the marketplace/the agent they work with. talao white paper talao tokens creation talao tokens will first offered pre-sale. public crowdsale will then launched. offer acquisition talao tokens may restricted laws and regulations. the talao tokens pre-sale and crowdsale shall restricted accordingly. talao white paper talao revenues model the talao marketplace and reputation vault are managed community talent dao. that does not mean that talao does not need revenues streams finance its day day running costs, from technical marketing costs. the talao business model freemium model, which means that only some optional features are generating revenues. basic marketplace features for talent and clients are free use: post job request, post resume, quote offer, select talent, pay mission. other features are generating revenues. the talao revenues model based on: premium services bought talao token customers: priority status for urgent request, skill-based screening tools conflict settlement are some the most requested features customers, special paying features for talent such reputation vault opening dao involvement need deposits only one believes that dao must not place tax its community. the dao could decide change that, adding these features payment the revenues stream, platform adaptation specific customers' need, like dedicated branded portal. see example the platform dedicated airbus mobility program (https://www.smartmobility-emh.com/). figure example platform adaptation airbus' needs the talao marketplace will also provide the possibility community members vote and set talent membership fee even job commission fee levied their business. bootstrap and long ico funds will available those fees will fixed but the long term, one can imagine that kind revenue stream will needed break-even. all information about revenues will available for talent members through community dashboard enable them make decisions. the last key pillar the revenues stream the recurring scheme enabled the platform: talent have commission fees and reputation they own when they use it, they are keen use talao for all their activities each year. the retention rate talent the platform should very high, creating strong retention for customers looking for the best freelancing talent. talao white paper the estimated revenues for the platform are the gross payment volume (gpv). talao use cases the following chapters give the reader description the different target use cases the talao platform. hire talent talao white paper payment and dispute settlement rating and skills certificates talao white paper open and manage digital vault skills endorsement talao white paper fully certified resume talao white paper governance the talao project governance key issue especially when migrating from commercial entity dao. several blockchain projects are currently seriously weakened due governance mismanagement. have lot learn from such situation. order avoid those kinds troubles founders decided to: split its coin offerings into rounds limit the amount funds immediately available and leave communities appreciate projects achievements. organize progressive transfer power from initial shareholders distributed autonomous organization representatives. our conviction that european countries provide secured legal environment setup and develop companies with transparent governance and strong rules. for those reasons the company supporting the ico and the open source development based (france) having its registered office paris. the legal entity talao commercial company ("societe par actions simplifiee") governed french law and registered with the registrar the trade and companies paris under number although incorporated commercial company, talao not deemed distribute profits its shareholders. any, profits will reinvested the company finance its development. company articles association are public and copy uploaded ipfs and available our web site. the dao voting process public smart contract. management board talao governed chairman and board ("conseil d'administration" french). the board management determines the company's business policies and ensures that these policies are implemented. the board deliberates all marketplace's strategic issues, economic, financial technology policies, well matters that the law expressly entrusts the board that the board has reserved for itself. the board management appoints the managers the company (coo). provided talao's articles association, the board composed members who are appointed founders and dao communities. board members appointed communities are selected through the dao voting process. dao members have reputation weighted votes only, the quantities tokens held users are not accounted the voting process elect board members. foresee the number dao board members increasing from board majority. from day one dao members have veto rights strategic issues. strategic issues are defined within the public articles association the company. our conviction that founders are keep the project and investments control until their goals are achieved. they support the vision and are responsible investors. https://gateway.ipfs.io/ipfs/qmzmzsnpqwpuueefzjunweklkreaffoxdczrycnzs talao white paper the balance between members appointed founders and the dao depends the talao roadmap. round coin offerings conditioned milestones achievements and expected board management composition. consequently, any profit allocation subject requiring the vote the dao representatives. ceo/coo board decision talao board directors composition initial coin offering ceo: n.muller members appointed founders coo: t.thevenet member appointed communities (dao) with veto rights strategic issues. months coin offering round ceo: t.thevenet members appointed founders coo: d.lafont members appointed communities (dao) with veto rights strategic issues months ceo: d.lafont members appointed founders coo: n.muller members appointed communities (dao) with veto rights strategic issues end roadmap appointed board directors members appointed founders members appointed communities (dao) talao white paper management team profiles nicolas muller, ceo (escp europe) founder emindhub, expert know-how skills management, with strong experience engineering, manufacturing, and aerospace. thierry thevenet, coo (ensam) former founder and ceo system (public company), the first french digital agency take advantage the internet disruption, well the kairos company, scientific expedition operator. thierry leaded the system ipo. jean-charles marcos, cco (hec) former akka research general manager, with more than years the engineering services area, and with strong experience energy. yoann babel, cto (ensiie) co-founder emindhub, years experience development and management open source projects. the denis lafont-trevisan, head growth (insa, escp europe) outsourcing and technology markets specialist, former cofounder system, former vice president capgemini and vc. talao white paper advisors roles responsibilities the advisory board has two key roles the development talao the leading decentralized platform the talent economy: share its members' expertise and insights with the board management maximize the success talao, especially when comes token deployment and adoption. give boost the talao protocol and marketplace composition the advisory board the advisory board composition will communicated new release this white paper, march, statutory auditors mazars rue henri regnault paris defense cedex talao white paper project roadmap general roadmap started centralized system: since its version emindhub full web server based marketplace. from there, emindhub will forward talao fully distributed, open and public solution. migration and development are managed simultaneously keep operating platform available full time for clients and talent. gaia the mixed centralized and distributed evolution the emindhub gaia (the ancestral mother all life) based the emindhub technical architecture but interacts with smart contracts the ethereum blockchain for dao functionalities and talao token uses. hestia (goddess the hearth) the serverless evolution gaia. new releases are built combining development axis: architecture, dao services, marketplace/vault functionalities and business. may emindhub founded and incorporated mid nicolas muller and yoann babel. emindhub unique web based solution that allows companies working the aerospace industry access the best experts the world, quickly, efficiently and securely. emindhub experts may direct employees companies (registered behalf their employer), talent, researchers, active retirees. feb first release the web platform drupal with core functionalities based internal credit system post requests, add options (anonymous, etc.) and buy experts resume emindhub allows users access different communities experts, grouped circles, either emindhub experts (cluster skills, geography, etc.), private circles, created users employees, alumni, partners, etc. january second release adding core functionalities like rating, co-option, private circles management, infrastructure security, interface feb first blockchain technologies evaluation emindhub context dao functionalities implementation private blockchain gaia alpha release testnet: current emindhub marketplace web server solution with dao rules ethereum testnet. bridge between the two technologies are client side. deployed communities are aerospace, energy, blockchain and cryptocurrencies, open source committers, robotics talao initial coin offering gaia beta release testnet mid gaia: talao marketplace ethereum mainnet, talao tokens are used the marketplace. blockcerts tools evaluation. talao white paper gaia digital vault release current emindhub marketplace web server solution with dao functionalities ethereum mainnet. reputation vault with blockcerts certificates are available client side. scoring artificial intelligence components server side. new communities are added the dao. bigchaindb and other data storage solution evaluation. hestia: distributed talao marketplace and digital vault solution. new with on-chain data storage solution (bigchaindb equivalent). components and blockcerts certificate client side. talao coin offering (round hestia new release. serverless solution ethereum enhanced blockchain (tendermint,...) more than communities and millions users. go-to market roadmap overview the go-to-market strategy action plan, the way company, utilizing their sales and marketing teams acquire clients. the market strategy emphasizes the company's value propositions. the talao marketplace has companies and freelancers users, the entire approach success centres the concept "virtuous cycle." this mindset drives talao's strategy since the very beginning. satisfied clients then attract more clients, mostly through word mouth. talent comes the marketplace propose their skills wide panel buyers, etc. however, talao talent centric and value propositions are objectively seller side (talent). order efficient, one has understand the very specific nature the blockchain ecosystem and how specifically the network token ownership effect would interact with talent. network token ownership effect the token ownership effect described nick tamino "network ownership effects enabled crypto tokens are fuelling new era internet products" the main driver the new blockchain era. our conviction that new network effect possible with tokens has the heart the market strategy. the opportunity incentive early believers with talao tokens develop efficient market strategy key issue. those early believers will act start-up employees the internet era when stock options were widely used boost developers and shareholders' motivation. https://thecontrol.co/the-token-economy-becdbde talao white paper for that reason, designed talao communities (dao) with people (talent) only excluding companies (clients and third parties). for clients and third parties, the talao token acceptable media payment access premium features marketplace and high value talent base. for talent, the talao token media payment but especially "monetary incentive which gives early adopters greater upside the earlier they join the bootstrap." described rys linfmark. initial coin offering, the talao token allocation plan provides million tokens talao incentive talent through ambassador programs. action plan market strategy talent side market strategy client side focus tight talent markets: focus markets where skilled freelancers are rare. talao already opened communities aerospace energy and will continue greentech energy, open source committers, blockchain cryptocurrencies, robotics, data science, cybersecurity consultants, marketing services, devops and fullstack developers, legal services, marketing services digital commerce. identify communities influencers, convince them use talao with ambassador programs deploy ambassador program for sponsorship deploy ambassador acquisition propose private freelancing marketplace: private freelancing marketplaces have customers' specifications for web design, login process, confidentiality and data management (white label talao branding). propose marketing campaigns key players for talent acquisition: marketing campaigns are prepaid contents, institutional communication and press relation. programs for business international market strategy international development will setup q/, objective open sales presence foreign cities for international blue chips and high technology brands. the international market strategy mainly client side talent acquisition based community management and ambassador programs driven from france. today, candidate cities are london, oslo, san francisco, new york and singapore. local presence must light reasonable cost with subsidiary company but one experienced sale representative, co-working space and local communication agency for press relations. targets are and ict managers. https://tokeneconomy.co/macro-blockchain--the-end-of-aggregation-theory-adacd talao white paper short term objective acquire every country couple references address markets with local brand names. objective offer complete custom private freelancing marketplace solution (possibly white label) with talao public access portal affordable price. ambassador programs for influencers influencers are high level experts consultants, known within their community for their skill and experience. they provide consulting services companies freelancers, take part conferences and write articles reviews build their reputation. however, they need marketing and networking get access clients. they usually not use freelancing marketplaces they not accept pay high fees their missions but would appreciate the exposition and contracting tools offered talent centric and free solution talao. the talao ambassador program for influencers offer token package and marketing exposition exchange community development and management. that can compared stock options allocated top managers start-up companies. bootstrap the token package equal tokens with one-year lockup. later the ambassador offer package for influencers will the annual gpv (gross payment volume) community possibly shared between all the influencers the community. the token package limited tokens per year per influencer. ambassador program limited years. foresee influencers community, each them based different countries. ambassador program for sponsorship users can recommend other talent their network join the talao community. they automatically become their sponsor and they are rewarded talao tokens. sponsor gets the sponsorship reward tokens each) once the new talent's profile has been fully completed and digital vault opened, and once this talent has concluded first deal with customer. ambassador program for business acquisition the talao ambassador program for business acquisition token bonus the first months gpv generated the marketplace one talent with vault opening. the gpv fiat crypto with minimum different clients (with different bank details). the bonus limited tokens per talent. that ambassador program limited years. sales ambassadors program sales ambassadors act direct sales representatives for talao, selling talao services directly customers. sales ambassadors are selected talao and must meet the following requirements: they must work freelance basis, they must have high professional-level qualification, they are highly motivated perform talao ambassador, they must share the talao's values, and they must fully understand the functions and talao white paper features talao. sales ambassadors earn token bonus every sale they make, based the gpv. affiliate program affiliates get paid for driving customers talao. affiliates are provided with link containing unique identifiers, allowing talao track anyone directed from affiliate's website. talao tracking system captures affiliate's url, which guarantees the affiliate credited for any referred customer. only the first purchase from each customer talao rewarded with tokens bonus. technical roadmap global strategy and technical roadmap this project should considered migration project from centralized marketplace solution mixed centralized/decentralized and finally fully decentralized, public and secured platform. the initial emindhub environment based drupal open source cms written php and based mysql dbms. artificial intelligent algorithms are coded with native language and executed remote server saas, javascript used client side. started the emindhub marketplace currently production (live https://talao.io). the talao target architecture are set blockchain dapps based smart contracts public blockchain possibly associated with off-chain data and off-chain programs. off-chain data and programs must then indestructible and tamperproof reach dao standards. smooth migration between those architectures one the challenges the project. ethereum smart contracts are non-censorable programs that live ethereum blockchain and have their executable code and internal states, including storage for variable values, ether and dapp token balance. ethereum smart contract can solve number data management problems. provides distributed and permanent record transactions that can encrypted provide access users, and new transactions are added and verified according protocols that ensure consensus. reminder, gaia the mixed centralized and distributed evolution the emindhub gaia based the emindhub web server marketplace but interacts with smart contracts the ethereum blockchain for payment and contracting functionalities. gaia consolidates the marketplace software with the dao dapp and the reputation vault dapp. hestia the full serverless evolution gaia public blockchain. talao dao dapp certificate vault dapp marketplace software gaia full ethereum blockchain ethereum blockchain distributed data centralized, ethereum blockchain and distributed data hestia full blockchain full blockchain and full blockchain talao white paper dao dapp dao functionalities are today coded with ethereum smart contracts serverless application. the current gaia alpha release dao dapp developed with daostack smart contracts library (https://daostack.io) for voting and set specific smart contacts for objections and disputes. depending current development stage colony https://colony.io/), aragon (https://aragon.one) daostack other new dao fabrics, may decide swap toward one them. from our standpoint critical issues are possibility use specific token pattern different from the native platform token, pricing and open and upgrading set functionalities. furthermore, financial regulators are defining constraints, the talao tokens are clearly not securities and then the dao making decisions process must remain based reputation system and cannot involve token holdings. reputation vault dapp the reputation vault coded with ethereum smart contracts and distributed data. metadata structure with methods access contents with talent agreement (talent the only owner his reputation vault). the talao token provides allowance clients and agents access talent certificates. certificates are blockcerts certificates issued through the blockcerts issuer tools. foresee the technical implementation the reputation vault directory with descriptions blockcerts certificates and their storage addresses. within the reputation vault smart contract gaia will implement on-chain data access through basic skills requests (as ethlance https://ethlance.com). that has considered very light search engine written solidity. data will then stored distributed files system ipfs (https://ipfs.io) swarm long term perspective would consider new options with filecoin (https://filecoin.io) other professional distributed data storage solutions. interplanetary file system (ipfs) protocol designed create permanent and decentralized method storing and sharing files. content-addressable, peer-to-peer hypermedia distribution protocol. nodes the ipfs network form distributed file system. ipfs open-source project developed since protocol labs (credits wikipedia). the new future may also see the development professional data protocols https://dock.io others) that will offer other alternatives. our main concern will keep talent centric solution where talent own their professional data. marketplace solutions implementation with new data storage ethereum transactions have high costs and slow performance. several issues can also arise validation, the degree which data can shared fed through external oracles, and overall control data storage. there are many proposals improve ethereum increase throughput, increase scalability, increase storage capacity, reduce latency. the following architecture rely keep simple approach limit useless talao white paper costs but build step step overall decentralized solution with blockchain characteristics. our objective rely fully decentralized database with blockchain features clearly not achievable today. the solution designed would possibly based ethereum smart contract, bigchaindb and ipfs taking into account future development ipdb with consensus and later new blockchain with smarts contracts and database storage facilities (ipdb with ethermint). bigchaindb (https://bigchaindb.com) scalable blockchain database. that is, it's "big data" database with some blockchain characteristics added, including decentralization, immutability and native support for assets. ipdb public network bigchaindb clusters that offers decentralized control, immutability and the creation and trading digital assets. will overseen the not-for-profit ipdb foundation (credits bigchaindb). however for efficiency and specially for private communities (companies marketplace), the first releases gaia will keep the emindhub data management with php and mysql engines its server. ultimately the last releases gaia data would stored ipfs and the metadata with hash pointing the files possibly bigchaindb. this would allow fully decentralized data solution and low transaction costs compared fully ethereum solution. hestia will provide homogenous solution through new data storage solution. with hastia ipdb implementation the tendermint consensus would provide consensus the level the metadata stored ipdb. this design would provide oracle like architecture between ethereum smart contracts and scalable database with blockchain features. depending the storage costs ipdb could rely fully data/metadata storage solution with ipdb. long term perspective ethermint network (https://tendermint.com) might also provide global solution with both data and smart contracts execution the same blockchain. all those assumptions are built current technical solutions available january and tested the team. for more information, see the talao yellow paper. mobile devices support mobile devices support also key issue and technology challenge. today, the talao team studying status cipher use base its mobile device solutions. budget allocation (post ico) this approach does not pretend perfect evaluation the budget but pragmatic way push some numbers forward. know those numbers are open criticism but minimum they give directions future investors have their own appreciation the size and needs that project. marketing key issue the process marketplace market strategy former players have already large talents bases. talao white paper all the team members are fully dedicated their job. some are freelancers and may work through the talao marketplace but most them work same office based france. foreign teams are sales representatives only. today not plan swap production teams foreign countries. the global budget estimated euros raised into different rounds coin offerings. following budgets allocations for round and round are based -years development plan from the end the years plan the running cost the talao platform will about euros/year. that would maximum commission fee gpv business and far less taking into account the freemium business model and its revenue stream. our conviction that talao will break even without any commission fee within -years development plan. round budget allocation all numbers euros. marketing sales. and sales representatives communities management and development for talents team foreign sales countries) for client team keur keur /month keur xkeur month coin offering marketing cost software development. developers support supports gaia mainet release team months keur gaia certificate vault release team months keur hestia distributed release (part team months keur hestia fully serverless (part team months keur external services, bounties, etc keur/ year keur team full time keur audits, user support desk, phone, et) bug (help keur/year user support administrative management managers paris offices office manager legal accounting cash reserve and keur team keur keur sales management, management, management. product technical team years offices, insurance, equipment services, year year legal fees associated company, conflicts, offerings, etc. coin acquisition opportunity (m&a) talao white paper total for team from people full time, people based paris offices and foreign countries. meur talao white paper round budget allocation all numbers euros.: marketing sales. and sales representatives communities management and development for talents, meetups and events, brand campaign team foreign countries) for client team sales keur keur month keur xkeur/ month software development. hestia distributed release (part team months keur developers hestia fully serverless team months keur external services, bounties, etc. support (part audits, bug keur year keur user support team keur sales management, product management, technical management. team years keur offices, insurance, equipment services, keur year keur legal fees associated company, conflicts, coin offerings, etc keur year keur supports administrative management managers paris offices office manager legal accounting cash reserve and acquisition opportunity (m&a) total for team from people full time, people based paris offices and foreign countries. keur meur talao white paper group comparisons compared key players previous funding rounds, that estimate average. best practices and designs are available right now competitors' products and allow rapid development. however today not have feedbacks take into account technology efficiency factor foresee faster cheaper scenario. below funds raised competitors, all numbers usd. platforms seed+round round round round round total funding catalant $.m $.m n/a freelancer $.m $,m $,m $,m n/a upwork and usd guru n/a n/a n/a fiverr n/a shiftgig n/a others figure historical financing rounds talao's centralized marketplace competitors (source: crunchbase.com) talao white paper governing law jurisdiction this white paper and any contractual relationship arising relation with the products and services sold provided talao shall governed and construed accordance with french law. any dispute that may arise connection with this withe paper the products and services sold provided talao has not been solved mean prior amicable settlement, then such dispute shall brought before the court paris (france).