target coin white paper april, world's first bonus paying crypto fund abstract tgtcoin introduces new and innovative business model which allows investors capitalize the rise the blockchain technology and generate risk adjusted returns array diverse crypto currencies. tgtcoin makes easier for the investors invest the blockchain technology without dealing with the risks, technical barriers, transferring, owning and trading their own. tgtcoin open for investments only during the different rounds icos. tgtcoin close-ended fund built using smart contracts that makes use machine learning, technical analysis and big data invest and trade the blockchain technology while giving full transparency the investors. tgtcoin issues tokens built profit-sharing, eth based, smart contract. the smart contract allows token owners collect quarterly profits. tgtcoin will reinvest the profits back into the fund grow the capital pool. depending the investor demand, tgtcoin plans raise additional capital and when deems necessary. this will beneficial order increase market liquidity and market dominance. tgtcoin allows net asset value token increase over time depending the performance the fund. its essence, tgtcoin eliminates the barriers entry and allows investors subscribe the fund's income flow. are also the process building portfolio monitoring tool that allows investors conveniently check the trading history and validate the portfolio performance real time. our vision deliver risk adjusted returns both upside and downside the market using innovative technology and spearheaded strategy. tgtcoin model fully transparent profit sharing smart contract token service business model use technical analysis, machine learning and artificial intelligence models invest and trade crypto currency tokens introduction june imf published report their quarterly magazine calling blockchain the internet trust and how will disrupt the internet, financial services industry and have its lasting impact mankind. the ico market has boomed since then and private companies have raised more than since then, through icos. the crypto currency market cap has grown from january, more than june, average every invested the crypto currency token has resulted gain over stunning return mere months period. the blockchain industry still its nascent stage and expected grow exponentially the future. the goal this paper examine the problems faced during investing the blockchain space for individual investor and introduce solution minimize the risk and maximize the returns using innovative technology and management expertise. tgtcoin built change the process investing the blockchain and crypto currency space and minimize the risk for individual investors through professional risk management, money management and cutting-edge technology. process tgtcoin offers completely new and comprehensive approach raising capital, managing the fund and auditing through transparent and innovative process. business model: tgtcoin close-ended fund, (cef). closed end fund offers its tokens the public and utilizes the capital raised invest and trade other new and innovative blockchain tokens. tgtcoin all set lauch its ico july, which will last till august, tgtcoin's model built reward its investors every quarter with the profits while reinvesting the profits back into the fund grow its capital pool. profit distribution: smart contract designed distribute quarterly fund profits back the investors. profits will equally spread out over the number outstanding tokens the investors. minimum bonus per quarter will credited the ico investors. the investors with large share tokens will collect higher profit. the event quarterly loss, smart contract will remain inactive and will allow investors withdraw their capital based net asset value the end the quarter. avoid bankruptcy situation, tgtcoin will hold minimum portfolio amount. losses continue beyond certain limit, tgtcoin will pause the profit sharing program until balance surpasses minimum safe limit again. tgtcoin will not get involved trading diluting its own tokens. audit: transparency with the investors our priority. will track, record and timestamp all trading activity. the aim record and distribute profits made proportionately. inflow and outflow funds transparent and the company will make the funds data available all investors. tgtcoin's audit tools will help investors the due-diligence, which will help the investors have better control their investments and the use the proceeds. hedging the market risk there are over crypto currencies present the market today and they are often correlated, but tgtcoin aims diversify the risk over number different coins and build long and short positions their portfolio which will minimize the risk. use technical analysis and number other algorithmic indicators switch between long and short positions make profits both price rise and price fall. reserve fund tgtcoin plans keep its fund value reserves. profits will shared back with the ico investors every quarter and will retained into the fund increase the net asset value, (nav). investors can redeem their quarterly profits through smart contract and get their returns btc/ eth terms. minimum bonus per quarter will credited the ico investors. tgtcoin the first and only one its kind close-ended fund offer continuous return ico investment the investors, built ethereum smart contract. our approach different from other conventional crypto currency tokens, which refuse share profits with the investors the token. unlike with other tokens, which are mainly instrument speculate and unrelated the company's performance, tgtcoin promises disburse profits with its esteemed investors. close-ended fund: tgtcoin will close ended fund. which means plans issue tokens only during the token-sale period (ico) and remain closed otherwise. tokens will yield higher return over longer term from the power compounding. exit redemption tgtcoins: redemption tgtcoins will take place any time after the expiry the lock-in period quarter months from the date the end ico). this redemption process can done through intimation the investor, least days advance. corresponding amount will credited the address provided the investor btc/ eth terms. investment method number coins issued and value per coin gives the value market capitalization. market cap great tool understand the size and future potential the coin relative other coins. number crypto currency tokens are designed way that their supply grows certain rate over period time. number tokens have locked supply available the investors control the demand and inflate the prices the tokens, misleading many retail investors. for number tokens handful people control the prices and manipulate the market prices. the case tgtcoin, stay transparent and declare that the management team does not own any tokens issued whatsoever.during the past years, bitcoin has outperformed the dow jones more than since july, the market cap crypto currencies has increased from just staggering june, astounding returns average. the total market cap crypto currencies expected reach about trillion over short period few years. this poses large opportunity jump this flourishing market. source coinmarketcap.com plan diversify risk using multiple strategies and generate best risk adjusted returns. professional money management and risk management professional money management and risk management are key importance young and volatile market. analyze historical price patterns and technical analysis predict future market behavior and sentiment. tgtcoin team has professional money management experience traditional financial markets for more than years and take credit for having more than years experience with trading and investing crypto currencies. today's infrastructure makes bitcoin and usdt base currency for investment the majority alt coins. compared global equities markets, equity derivatives markets, real estate debt markets, forward swaps markets which generates returns, tgtcoin plans generate %-% risk adjusted returns. plan keep reserves usdt and hedge the risk the bear crypto currency markets. during unstable times, only logical keep the majority the fund usdt hedge the risk during the downfall other cryptos and take short position. targetx the tgtcoin team the process building in-house intelligent software system for the investors. this software solution will provide the investors with real time data, intelligent briefings, trade signals and research articles. will making use quantitative models, technical analysis and historical patterns along with risk management models. our team plans publish all this information our platform. here the brief overview our market research: our team will analyze news, reports, opinions and market data across the industry. keep keen eye the upcoming icos and crypto currencies with good growth potential. for each crypto currency have specified quantitative methods analyze and track the said crypto currency. analytics: technical analysis understand the historical chart patterns. use machine learning and artificial intelligence constantly understand and learn these chart patterns. optimal risk management: targetx made understand and analyze historical volatility levels through standard deviation minimize the portfolio's value risk (var) numerous market environments. backtesting: can backtest different strategies with virtual currency before making actual trades. cryptographic audit tgtcoin offers full transparency the investors. use cryptographic audit and proof membership for complete transparency and authenticity with our token holders. all the profits made the fund during its operation are effectively recorded and made public. investor capital does not out company accounts and the company complete possession all declared funds. ico details tgtcoin plans launch the ico july, the ico money will used for the operations and will kept aside reserve fund. the fund will used build the portfolio. tgtcoin plans carry out rounds during its ico and issue coins. the tgtcoin price all the rounds will minimum bonus per quarter will credited the ico investors. portfolio operations reserve fund long term view target coin's aim and mission close-ended crypto fund generate the highest risk adjusted returns the crypto currencies market. target coin already set become leading crypto asset fund with more than assets under management the year targetx our trademarked intelligent financial platform provides intelligent briefing, reports, news, analytics and trade signals our loyal investors. with targetx, tgtcoin aspires become industry leader. part this journey. tgtcoin.com