the first social entertainment platform reward its users for sharing and watching movies, music videos, sports content more powered blockchain whitepaper (c) copyright, tatatu, patent filed important notice please read this section (and the whitepaper generally) carefully. you should consult your legal, financial, tax, and other professional advisor(s) before taking any action connection with this white paper. this white paper intended present relevant information potential purchasers (purchasers) connection with the proposed generation and sale (together, the token generation) cryptographic erc- standard tokens with the symbol 'ttu' (tokens) tatatu token ltd, exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the laws cayman islands (token generator), including information about the smart contract connected the tokens (token smart contract) and proposed software platform (platform) operated licensee (platform operator). reliance the tokens are offered solely the basis the information contained this white paper and the terms and conditions applicable the purchase tokens accessible [hyperlink term and conditions sale included] (terms and conditions). the event any inconsistencies between the terms and conditions and this white paper, the former shall prevail. potential purchasers should disregard, and not rely upon, any other information representations given made any dealer, broker other person. person authorised give any information make any representations connection with the offering tokens apart from those contained this white paper. potential purchaser whom such information representations are given made must not rely them having been authorised the token generator platform operator. statements this white paper are based the law and practice the cayman islands current the date was issued. those statements are therefore subject change should that law practice change. under circumstance does the delivery this white paper the sale tokens imply represent that the affairs the token generator have not changed since the date this white paper. purchaser responsibility nothing contained this white paper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance policies the token generator. the token generator does not make representations warranties any kind with respect any potential economic return from, the tax consequences purchase tokens. prospective purchasers should carefully review the whole this white paper. they should also consult with their legal, tax and financial advisors relation the following: (i) the legal and regulatory requirements within their own countries for purchasing, holding and disposing tokens; (ii) any foreign exchange restrictions which they may subject their own countries relation purchasing, holding disposing tokens; and (iii) the legal, tax, financial and other consequences subscribing for, purchasing, holding disposing tokens. this white paper not composed accordance with, and not subject to, laws regulations any jurisdiction which are designed protect investors. the maximum amount permitted applicable law, token generator, platform operator any their respective, parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, shareholders and licensors (token generator parties) expressly disclaim and shall not liable for any and (c) copyright, tatatu, all responsibility for any direct any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with (i) purchaser's acceptance reliance any information contained this white paper, (ii) any error, omission inaccuracy any such information (iii) any action resulting therefrom. registration regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this white paper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this white paper does not imply that any such applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. distribution and selling restrictions the distribution this white paper and the offering purchase tokens may restricted certain jurisdictions. neither this white paper nor tokens qualify for offer, sale distribution under the laws any jurisdiction governing the offer sale securities. the receipt this white paper and the accompanying terms and conditions does not constitute invitation recipient subscribe for tokens jurisdiction where necessary comply with some registration other legal requirement make that invitation, the use the terms and conditions, lawful. such recipient may treat this white paper the accompanying terms and conditions invitation subscribe for tokens, nor may such recipient use the terms and conditions. more particularly, this white paper does not constitute offer solicitation: anyone jurisdiction which such offer solicitation not lawful which the person making such offer solicitation not qualified so; anyone whom unlawful make such offer solicitation. the responsibility every person possession this white paper and every person wishing apply for tokens inform himself, herself itself of, and observe all applicable laws and regulations of, any relevant jurisdiction. the token generator may not make invitation the public the cayman islands subscribe for tokens. for these purposes, "public" has the same meaning "public the islands" defined the mutual funds law (revised) the cayman islands. apart from this restriction, persons resident, domiciled, established, incorporated registered pursuant the laws the cayman islands may beneficially own tokens. any person entity, including anyone acting its behalf, being based, being citizen resident, domiciled, located incorporated where applicable laws prohibit restrict distribution dissemination token generator's materials, acquiring tokens accessing the platform including, but not limited to, the united states america and any its lands, people's republic china, any other country that prohibits the sale tokens shall not use the platform acquire tokens, otherwise this person assumes all the responsibility arising from the continued use the platform and/or tokens. patent filed (c) copyright, tatatu, patent filed whitepaper abstract tatatu will fair and transparent social media and entertainment platform. people will rewarded for both creating providing content and for watching it. today's digital world, people are often unaware how their personal data being used target them with relevant advertising. reactions recent data privacy scandals have demonstrated that the use personal data sensitive issue that people care deeply about. are slowly becoming better recognising the tradeoffs the internet social contract and demanding greater control over our data. here tatatu believe that content providers also struggle manage the rights their content and fully realise the profits their creative work. tatatu enterprises ltd offers new way approach digital media and evolution the world social entertainment. tatatu takes the concerns users and content providers very seriously offering brand new model for the media industry that allows greater transparency, control, and choice. tatatu fair and transparent social media and entertainment platform. people will rewarded for both creating providing content and for watching it. all users the tatatu platform will able watch content for free (initially all will need pre-approved before goes live) premium content such movies, sports footage, and music videos will provided entertainment networks. there will also approved content from celebrities, youtubers, and other influencers time, anyone the tatatu platform will able create their own video content and share with their friends. (c) copyright, tatatu, patent filed tatatu works partnership with advertisers people are used free online content that sometimes not legal. when content high quality not paid for, means whoever made not fairly rewarded for their work and creative efforts. still, users are understandably reluctant start paying for content they previously enjoyed for free it's the reason why tatatu enterprises ltd believe adbased distribution model the only viable solution. "in exchange for free content, people need provide something return the content creator, and that usually ends being their attention and their data. the user becomes the product. the result this revenue model the market see today, which open manipulation and illegal monetisation data. brands are comfortable with the digital advertising model but are uncomfortable with content adjacency--they need assurances that their valuable brands are not connected unsafe objectionable content. prominent online media platforms have been accused failing provide safe environment which they can advertise. business insider reports that "the internet such mess brands are hiring executives make sure their ads don't end next objectionable content". mars, at&t and lidl were among prominent brands that have pulled their advertising budgets out youtube because their brands were being associated with unacceptable content. result, advertisers understandably have trouble feeling secure with their brand's exposure different media platforms. tatatu, anybody using the platform openly accepts relationship with advertisers and gets rewarded for it. people instead engage with brands with complete knowledge how their data and preferences help inform advertising. still used show adverts for relevant products viewers are most likely buy, but this exchange open and visible all. tatatu has created environment where people can enjoy free content whilst the rights and needs users, content creators, and brands are equally respected. brands all user profiles are verified and all views and engagement metrics are real. (c) copyright, tatatu, patent filed tatatu works partnership with users tatatu will powered social media network, with rewarding mechanism built the blockchain. once the platform established, management intends that users will able add photos, create videos, comment posts, and chat with friends ways they are already familiar with other channels. the difference is, the tatatu entertainment platform decentralised economy. the management intends that anybody using contributing the platform will rewarded for their part enabling the ecosystem thrive. rewards are given tatatu tokens called ttu tatatu tokens ltd. these will used for advertising and track distribution rights movies. the future, there will also ecommerce store where people can buy both tatatu and celebrity merchandise. tatatu enterprises ltd takes small percentage profits order run the platform while the large majority goes the user. users finally rewarded for their social media view and posting acitivity. tatatu will the largest global social entertainment platform history reward users for watching movies, music videos, sport and lifestyle content. users collect tokens every time they watch content tatatu and also earn tokens their friends view content (this does not extend friends friends). management intends that anybody who creates provides content for the platform will rewarded tokens and will earn tokens content views. (c) copyright, tatatu, patent filed sara becomes member wallet kate and other luca'friends luca and other sara'friends unlimited access contents watch movies and other content for free with advertising. post social videos and images. sarah shares video and image posts, moments and other content with her friends. sara gets paid percentage advertising revenue generated movies, other content, moments, and friends. luca and sara's friends join tatatu and become members. they watch movies and other content for free with advertising. they post social videos and images. luca shares video and image posts, moments and other content with his friends. sara gets paid percentage advertising revenue generated movies, other content, moments, and friends and posts watched luca and sara's other friends. kate and luca's other friends join tatatu and become members. they watch movies and other content for free with advertising. they post social videos and images. luca gets paid percentage advertising revenue generated movies, other content, moments, and friends and posts watched kate and luca's other friends. sara becomes member wallet unlimited access contents (c) copyright, tatatu, sara shares images and videos with friends. she also views her friends' social activity. sara gets paid when friends view her images, video posts and video moments. patent filed tatatu works partnership with content providers one the biggest issues affecting the entertainment industry today online content piracy. however, since the tatatu digital rights manager tool built using blockchain, content providers like movie producers and distributors are able more easily locate and enforce the distribution and viewing rights their movies. the tatatu platform, everyone better served. this includes the talent who produce media content (like movie producers), the brands that help keep free watch, and the people who consume it. content rights holders rights holders will able monetize every piece content based the effective consumption and real views. the use modern blockchain technology guarantees the execution the contract and reliable transfer payments. give content and rights' holders more transparency. (c) copyright, tatatu, patent filed this whitepaper outlines the vision for the tatatu enterprise ltd and contains technical information about the blockchain. also introduces the ttu token and the team behind the technology. (c) copyright, tatatu, patent filed whitepaper table contents important notice [legal disclaimer] abstract tatatu works partnership with advertisers tatatu works partnership with users tatatu works partnership with content providers vision fair reward model digital rights manager overview platform technology platform architecture minimum viable product (mvp) further product features tech stack source control continuous integration test driven development (tdd) scalability design and first prototype (c) copyright, tatatu, patent filed technical overview the blockchain phase token distribution and reward solution phase smart contract structure talent administration record (tar) abstract contract (ac) network administration node (nan) main modular software (mms) ethereum client database gatekeeper rights manager authentication ttu token token allocation and use proceeds terms pricing token lock-up roadmap the market team endnotes kyc and aml policies disclosure schedule (c) copyright, tatatu, patent filed vision whitepaper the tatatu platform, the user not the product. the demand for digital media content increasing year after year. tatatu enterprises ltd understands that viewers are used and continue demand free, easily-accessible content. the current online media business model implies user data monetised exchange for free access and use the platform. tatatu goes beyond this sharing advertising revenues with its users. the tatatu platform, the user not the product. the content viewer connected the content creator content provider, but the same time also connected brands who advertise this same space. tatatu facilitates open and transparent exchange between each these parties. users are rewarded for watching movies, music videos and gaming content interviews, highlights and celebrity lifestyle content relating sports and fashion. the platform grows, users will able create and get rewarded for their own video content and share these moments tatatu. movies (c) copyright, tatatu, music videos games sport video moments lifestyle patent filed support every level tatatu platform for brands whose spend supports the free content provided. traditional online platforms, global media agencies had pull advertising after they were associated unwittingly with undesirable content. the tatatu platform every user verified, protected, and rewarded. those who watch and generate tatatu content benefit from the platform two distinct ways: fair reward model for those who use the platform watch, post, and share video content (and, time, create their own) digital rights manager for those who create provide movies for the tatatu entertainment platform fair reward model the current social and entertainment industry fundamentally sustained two business models. one subscription-based and the other advertising. both cases, the platform keeps most the revenue for itself whilst sharing, often tiny percentage with the person who produces the content. the viewer does not receive any share the profit. this despite the fact that their personal consumption the ads helps maintain the platform. tatatu rewards content producers and viewers thanks specially designed token, the ttu, tatatu token ltd able reward people who add content the online platform and those who consume it. transactions are recorded shared ledger provided the blockchain create trusted ecosystem amongst all users the platform. tatatu listening the marketplace and adapting, giving free access content but rewarding users with automatic monetisation system. (c) copyright, tatatu, patent filed digital rights manager (drm) for movie producers, particular, managing the rights their content complex and time-consuming. tatatu's founder, andrea iervolino, produced his first movie the age and has been part the evolution the movie industry for further years, well placed lead any changes commercial practices. tatatu enterprises ltd believes that whilst movie producers are tied legal wranglings, licensing issues, and transactional obligations, they are unable focus generating content that moves the movie industry new and exciting directions. all the while, available content dogged piracy issues, leaving the original producer the talent out pocket through illegal distribution their work. movie producers needn't suffer for their success current licensing practices for movie production and distribution are complex and long-winded: independent movie producers must first find exposure for their movie film festivals when distributors see the movie they can bid for the rights show it, but each distributor works different territory, there are potentially multiple bids for the producer negotiate rights for the movie are set territory, but producers also have stipulate where the movie can shown within each territory for example, cinema, tv, online the result number lengthy, arduous contracts for the producer negotiate before the distributor can then show their work once the movie released equally challenging for producers monitor each these agreements check they receive all the profits they are due (c) copyright, tatatu, patent filed tatatu makes light work licensing the tatatu platform, movie producers will have access sophisticated digital management tool (drm) help locate all the rights their movies. this applies different countries and across different categories. using its blockchain solution, tatatu enterprises ltd seeks protect the rights movie producers and distributors, whilst simultaneously rewarding audiences who view share their content. the platform connects movie producers and other content providers directly with their audience and all these users earn ttu tokens for participating. producers can use any tokens they earn from viewing providing content use the drm. (c) copyright, tatatu, patent filed overview platform technology whitepaper revolutionary avod meets social media and blockchain the tatatu platform will comprise: advertising video demand (avod) social media and user management blockchain and erc token there are three technical teams responsible for the delivery each system. platform architecture avod system the front end avod system made video playback widget (video demand player, movie listing screen, and movie detail screen). this system uses the existing code base and application code with new tatatu templates. comprised web applications (c) copyright, tatatu, patent filed hosted aws server, ios app hosted the apple app store, and android app hosted google play. the back end will host content management system and video content distribution network with new code base and application code hosted the cloud. there will also back end management and distribution network featuring new code base and application code. this hosted technology stack. social media and user management the social media and user management system made front end social widget where users can post comments, share content, and invite friends. plus user management widget that includes registration, login, logout, and admin console. this will hosted the cloud. the back end contains content management system for social media and users with new code base and application code. this also achieved through cloud hosting. blockchain and erc token the blockchain made erc token distribution and the drm. the tatatu enterprises ltd platform operation team will roll out the entertainment platform over the course months. this will start with minimum viable product (mvp) include user registration, simple video demand (vod) features, inviting friends, simple token wallet, simple social media profile, and booking for brands. the simple vod will enable framework setup for the avod solution. the avod vod solution integrated into advertising server and other technology. (c) copyright, tatatu, patent filed minimum viable product the tatatu enterprises ltd mvp provides all the vod features required rewards users with tokens for watching content for free, including music, movie, and sports video content. the following features will developed for ios and web devices: registration and authentication privacy login and logout simple virtual token wallet click-through booking web form simple social media profile simple social invite simple adverts (admob) admin panel ingest video content adding new movies and metadata geo-blocking for selected countries api endpoint web player widget with drm support platform analytics geo-blocking included the mvp ensure all countries have correct access the filmed content. the mvp will available the us, uk, canada, australia and new zealand. analytics are implemented within the mvp ensure the tatatu marketing team and other stakeholders can track usage the vod application and use the results measure success. the api design precise and detailed that all three tatatu technical teams know what expect and are able then structure the process. the vod team already has product and existing code use when building the video clients. following the launch the mvp, new features will continue added enhance the tatatu platform. during the first year platform development, the product and development team plans include the following: ability buy adverts social activity feed (c) copyright, tatatu, patent filed commenting and sharing user groups (standard, power and vip) profile page (standard, power and vip) virtual digital wallet financial and social insights notifications administration console further product features there are three further product iterations planned after the mvp. second product iteration this provides avod the platform serving ads the vod platform using doubleclick for publishers (dfp). the server will also developed ready for the next version the product. third product iteration provide enhanced social experience, this iteration will allow influencers create premium user generated content (ugc) for platform users. celebrity video content includes ads and the revenue split between the celebrity content owner, the viewer, and tatatu enterprises the following features will also developed: private and public profile for celebrity users private and public profile for standard users celebrity 'video moments' content (either pre-recorded live streamed) celebrity 'video moments' library (categorise content) simple social activity feed (including posting) simple buy advertising simple charity simple notifications (c) copyright, tatatu, patent filed fourth product iteration this provides full social functionality along with social and financial insights whilst enabling platform users redeem their ttu tokens. new features this stage are: blockchain drm social algorithm social activity feed (including sharing and commenting) ability recommend content friends social insights financial insights financial reporting integration notifications buying and management advertising charity donations digital ethereum-based wallet including the ability withdraw video calls and messaging tech stack the tatatu enterprises platform built using the following tech stack: net core for developing the web application node for the interface between the back end applications and blockchain react native for developing the mobile applications react for developing the smart applications docker for build and deploy pipeline using container service host docker image aws build server using aws with jenkins build the latest code (c) copyright, tatatu, patent filed source control all tatatu code managed with source control. this enables tatatu code made open source. developers from different parts the application can then explore the code from other teams see how works and examine why works the way does. this repo used synchronise the tatatu technical teams. any changes the repo are performed via pull requests all developers have the opportunity join the discussion. every team has approve the pull request, which helps prevent any issues during integration. continuous integration each code repository has project setup server. the pipeline builds, runs tests, and packages code ready for deployed. each build should produce artefacts that can deployed. test driven development (tdd) the tatatu development team will take tdd approach wherever makes sense so. this ensures smoother iterations the code new features are introduced, building out from the mvp. tatatu encourages development teams suggest areas where they think tdd valuable. (c) copyright, tatatu, patent filed scalability project goals are recognisably high but, from the beginning, tatatu developers will take care not over-engineer the platform they can best prepare for scalability. platform technology provided highly qualified tech team with previous experience developement mobile, web and smart applications for hbo go, deutsche telekom and showbox. innovative digital right manager the blockchain. recommendation engine and content curation category, including multiple playlists optimize discovery and audience engagement. advertising solutions provided world class team (previous experience hulu, telenor, univision) and direct sales led tatatu sales team. (c) copyright, tatatu, patent filed design and first prototype (c) copyright, tatatu, patent filed (c) copyright, tatatu, patent filed technical overview the blockchain whitepaper rewarding users while keeping distributed system. initially designed method for keeping financial ledger, the blockchain paradigm can extended provide generalised framework for implementing decentralised computer resources. how works each computing resource can thought single-state machine. transitions between states via cryptographically secured transactions. when generating new state-machine, the node encodes logic which defines valid state transitions and uploads onto the blockchain. from there, the blocks journal series valid transactions. when these journals are incrementally executed with the state from the previous block, they morph the state-machine into its new current state. public chain, the proof work consensus algorithm and its underlying peer-topeer protocol prevents the state-machines' process and transitioning logic from being tampered with. also shares this information with all nodes participating the system. this means nodes will able query the state machines any time and obtain result which will accepted the entire network with high certainty. (c) copyright, tatatu, patent filed ethereum this transaction-based state-machine generalisation the blockchain informally referred smart contracts. ethereum the first platform attempt full implementation this idea. builds into the blockchain turing-complete instruction set allow smart contract programming and storage capability accommodate on-chain state. tatatu regards the flexibility its programming language important property the context rights management. can enable advanced functionality (including multi-party arbitration, bidding, and reputation) coded into the tatatu system, adapting comply with differences regulation and changes stakeholder needs. tatatu plans utilise ethereum's smart contracts create intelligent representations existing rights records that are stored within individual nodes the network. the contracts will constructed contain metadata about the record ownership, permissions, and data integrity. the blockchain transactions the tatatu system will carry cryptographically signed instructions manage these properties. policies are carried out the contract's state transition functions, which enforces data alternation only legitimate transactions. such policies can designed implement any set rules govern particular rights record, long can represented computationally. for example, policy may enforce that separate transactions representing consent are sent from both actors and distributors before granting viewing permissions third party. phase token distribution and reward solution admob the preferred monetisation solution for the tatatu platform. admob will always pay tatatu united states dollars and arrears, plus the tatatu cost per mile (cpm) varies based many inputs, including category and click-through. since cryptocurrencies are notoriously volatile, this creates business challenge but tatatu plans mitigate this risk. tatatu will calculate the cpm($)/ttu value the time the advertising unit displayed, which ensures all parties are correctly rewarded. tatatu then releases earnings (see dia- (c) copyright, tatatu, patent filed ttu content provider credited based cpm$/ttu ttu credited user cpm $/ttu jan ttu user gets his token feb admob advert displayed ttu token sale march ttu content provider gets his token april may june admob payment clearey funds admob balance confirmed ttu diagram: blkchn diagram admob payment model for ttu customer and content provider rewards. gram blkchn) upon reaching fixed threshold before the monthly cut-off point. any gains after the cut-off point are moved into the next payment period. tatatu will use obtained reserves offset any payment delays and help stabilise the price ttu. the smart contract will take information via proprietary platform from the tatatu user database and process payments exceeding the set threshold. ttu will then sent from the reserves wallet the users and content providers. management intends that tatatu will manage the reserve wallet ensure tokens are available reward both users and content providers fairly and timely manner. tatatu eth wallet smart contract tatatu content provider tatatu reserves exchange(s) user database tatatu user tatatu trading bot diagram: blkchn diagram payment process. (c) copyright, tatatu, patent filed phase smart contract structure distributor, artist and studio contract (dasc) global contract that maps participant identification strings their ethereum address identity (equivalent public key). tatatu intentionally uses strings rather than the cryptographic public key identities directly, since this allows for the use form that already exists. policies coded into the dasc can regulate registering new identities change the mapping existing ones. identity registration can then restricted only certified institutions. the dasc also maps identity strings address the blockchain, where special contract described below, called the abstract contract, can found. talent administration record (tar) tar contract issued between two nodes the blockchain system when one node stores and manages rights records for the other. tatatu uses the case studio and/or distributor the provider, and actor and/or producer the talent. the tar defines assortment data pointers and associated access permissions identify the records held the distributor. how data queries work each pointer consists query string that, when executed the provider's database, returns subset talent data. the query string affixed with the hash this data subset guarantee data has not been altered the source. additional information, like hostname and port standard network topology, will indicate where the provider's database can accessed the network. the data queries and their associated information are crafted the provider and modified whenever new records are added. that talent can share records with others, dictionary implementation (hash table) maps viewers' addresses list additional (c) copyright, tatatu, patent filed query strings. each string can specify portion the talent's data which the third party viewer allowed access. simple case, the provider references the talent's data with simple select query conditioned the talent's equity card number. tools for talent tatatu has designed tool that allows talent check off fields they wish share through graphical interface. under the hood, the tatatu system formulates the appropriate sql queries and uploads them the tar the blockchain. using generic strings, the tatatu platform can robustly interface with any string queried database implementation. this means can conveniently integrate with provider's existing data storage infrastructure. the same time, talent enabled fine-grained access control their rights records, selecting virtually any part they wish share. abstract contract (ac) this contract functions breadcrumb trail for all participants the system locate their rights record history. holds list references distribution, artists and studio relationship contracts (dasrs), representing all the participant's previous and current engagements with other nodes the system. studios are likely have references the talent they serve and any third parties their talent has approved data sharing with. distributor, artist and studio contract (dasc) the dasc will persist the distributed network adding crucial backup and restore functionality. talent can leave and rejoin the system multiple times whenever they choose. they will always regain access their history downloading the latest blockchain from the network. the dasc also implements functionality enable user notifications. each relationship stores status variable. this indicates whether the relationship newly established, awaiting pending updates and has has not been approved the talent. (c) copyright, tatatu, patent filed studios the tatatu system set the relationship status their talents' dasc whenever they update records part creating new relationship. accordingly, talent can poll their dasc and notified whenever new relationship suggested, update available. talent can then accept, reject delete relationships, deciding which records their history acknowledge. this ensures accepting rejecting relationships done only the talent. avoid notification spamming from malicious participants, only providers can update the status variable. these administration principles can extended, adding additional verifications maintain proper behaviour. network administration node (nan) tatatu will design the components our nans integrate with existing industry infrastructure, assuming many nodes already manage rights data databases servers with network connectivity. tatatu introduces four software components: backend library ethereum client database gatekeeper rights manager these can executed servers create coherent, distributed system. talent nodes the tatatu system contain the same basic components providers. implementation these can executed tablet, desktop computer, smartphone. the databases can function cache storage the talent's rights data. any missing data will retrieved from the network any time following the node's dasc. (c) copyright, tatatu, patent filed main modular software (mms) the tatatu treasury library api constructs multiple utilities, bundled back end library, facilitate the system's operation. the library abstracts the communications with the blockchain and exports function-call api. because this, record management applications and their user interfaces can avoid the hurdles working directly with the blockchain. one such hurdle will verifying that each sent transaction accepted with high confidence the network. the back end library interacts with ethereum client exercise the low-level formatting and parsing the ethereum protocol. steps and illustrate the tatatu back end implementation scenario where provider adds record for new talent. step partner node add record rights manager treasury database database gate keeper update step step resolve address and abstract contract miner/ processor post film content location bounty link abstract contract with film/content data blockchain (c) copyright, tatatu, patent filed using the dasc the blockchain, the talent's identifying information first resolved their matching ethereum address and the corresponding located. next, the studio uploads new tar the blockchain, indicating their safeguarding the data owned the talent's ethereum address. the studio node then crafts query reference this data and updates the tar accordingly. finally, the node sends transaction which links the new tar the talent's dasc, allowing the talent node locate the blockchain. step partner node notification blockchain rights manager treasury update database gate keeper database update film content data abstract contract ethereum client this component implements the full functionality that will required join and participate the ethereum blockchain network. handles broad set tasks, such connecting the peer-to-peer network, encoding and sending transactions, and keeping verified local copy the blockchain. tatatu modifies the client aware the platform's mapping identity and addresses, then implements service locate the node's via dasc address lookup. this service runs continuously within the client monitor changes the real time. the event update, the service signals rights manager (described more detail further below) issue user notification and, necessary, sync the local database. steps continue the use case described above from the talent node perspective. (c) copyright, tatatu, patent filed the talent's modified ethereum client continuously monitors their ac. once new block processed/mined with the newly linked tar, the client issues signal which results user notification. the user can then acknowledge decline the communication with the studio, updating the accordingly. the communication accepted, automated query request issued obtain the new rights data. will use the information the new tar locate the provider the network and connect its database gatekeeper server. database gatekeeper the database gatekeeper implements off-chain, access interface the node's local database, governed permissions stored the blockchain. the gatekeeper will run server listening query requests from clients the network. request contains query string, well reference the blockchain tar that warrants permissions run it. the request cryptographically signed the issuer, allowing the gatekeeper confirm identities. once the issuer's signature certified, the gatekeeper checks the blockchain contracts verify the address issuing the request allowed access the query. is, runs the query the node's local database and returns the result over the client. nb. our components similarly support third parties retrieving talent-shared data: the talent selects data share and updates the corresponding tar with the third party address and query string. rights manager the rights manager application will render data from local sqlite databases designed interchangeable with other software for viewing. presents users with update notifications, plus data sharing and retrieval options. the application accessed through web interface, built python back end framework. tatatu must compatible with mobile devices since modern users expect easy access high-quality experiences on-the-go. authentication key that tatatu enterprises ltd ensures only the right people get access the right data. this achieved the rules database. (c) copyright, tatatu, patent filed ttu token whitepaper four strong utilities: advertising, digital rights management, rewarding, ecommerce tatatu has four strong utilities for the platform's ttu token: the only method for advertisers purchase ads within the tatatu platform entertainment professionals can use access the drm the only way receive rewards within the tatatu platform users can purchase merchandise with ttu tokens from the tatatu ecommerce store (c) copyright, tatatu, patent filed the only method for advertisers purchase ads within the tatatu platform the token economy the ttu rely strongly the fact that advertisers have use them purchase advertising. become advertiser, token holder has first approved the tatatu governance community. after this, they can purchase advertising the platform. this economic system creates organic demand for the token immediately, since integrated into the platform from its first release. tokens then flow directly from advertisers users who can use ttu tokens the ecommerce store. entertainment professionals can use access the drm content providers will need utilise the token order access the drm and track distribution rights their work. logging licensing rights into the blockchain via the drm will fixed amount tokens. throughout the life the licensing agreement, terms can amended, edited, added to, and on. all these actions must utilise the ttu token which the only way access the drm. rights management model ttu required ttu needed partner node notification blockchain rights manager treasury update database gate keeper database (c) copyright, tatatu, update film content data abstract contract patent filed the only way receive rewards within the tatatu platform tatatu users receive ttu tokens for watching and sharing content the platform. other form reward allowed. the ttu token has been designed such way encourage adoption the platform but also ongoing loyalty. following simple game theory concept, the more users watch tatatu content the higher the cpm, but the cpm also directly related the quality the content. the higher the quality the content, the higher the reward. rather than focus the volume content consumed, tatatu participants are, therefore, rewarded more for viewing premium quality content. advertising rewarding model ttu required ttu needed partner node add record rights manager treasury database database gate keeper update resolve address and abstract contract ttu reward miner/ processor post film content location bounty link abstract contract with film/content data blockchain (c) copyright, tatatu, patent filed users can purchase merchandise with ttu tokens from the tatatu ecommerce store the ttu token can used purchase items the tatatu ecommerce store. this will stock general merchandising items related tatatu, like stickers clothing accessories, well merchandise that relates directly content, such movie and/or the actors. tatatu exploring live ecommerce solutions. these enable users purchase merchandise directly from the app whilst watching movies, for example. these technologies already exist the marketplace and are easy integrate with the tatatu platform. token allocation and use funds bid enhance the long-term success the project, only the total amount tokens created will available during initial coin offering (ico) event. the tokens will assigned internal reserve fund tatatu. this creates deposit pledged tokens. token allocation tokens) use proceeds (usdm equiv.) pre sales and public sales reserve team and advisors (see below lock-up period) founder (lock-up period for years) (c) copyright, tatatu, content acquisition and production user acquisition strategy marketing overhead, legal, software dev., working capital, patent filed roadmap whitepaper web mvp simple profile login logout registration profile image upload vod video player video detail video search simple invite virtual wallet balance book ad's privacy simple ad's (admob) may release web celebrity public profile celebrity private profile celebrity moments library charity counter simple celebrity activity feed simple social algorithm jul aug web release avod integrated into platform social activity feed update (posting) simple social algorithm simple buying ad's nov web dic mar release recommend content friends user revenue categories social activity feed update (commenting sharing) revenue algorithm earned revenue digital wallet charity integration video call messaging this estimated roadmap and subject change (c) copyright, tatatu, patent filed the market whitepaper canada australia new zealand through european union south korea japan russia brazil mexico india (c) copyright, tatatu, patent filed team whitepaper andrea iervolino founder ceo launching tech business the age andrea produced films just two years later and his first films today, the age finances and distributes over films. these include major hits and popular cult films such rush, apocalypto, sliding doors, the passion christ, memento (and many more). andrea was nominated best producer the venice film festival, along with james franco and pacino, and has been named producer watch variety. (c) copyright, tatatu, patent filed jonathan pullinger mcculloch marcello mari head platform head james aufenast cto bitcoin miner since jon has worked several blockchain projects such hyperledger, fabric, waves platform and lightning nodes. formerly akqa, tmw, starcom and chemistry, with clients including microsoft/ xbox, sony mobile, nissan, diageo and unilever. recently head for singularitynet (raised $mln seconds dec. contributor wired italy and the guardian, techcrunch. former head editorial tmw. clients have included sony, unilever, nissan and diageo. anthony mcguire hans hagman mario alberto casiraghi head partnerships previous global partnerships facebook. worked logistics singularity university. (c) copyright, tatatu, head marketing daniel santos head content financial strategy blockchain business developement international programming and content strategy professional. previous programme director viasat film and music programming mtv networks international viacom. former bank america merrill lynch and cairn capital among others, specialised corporate finance and fundraising. established presence the blockchain ecosystem. ico advisor, financial strategy and, investor relations. ceo token advisors singapore, daniel key focus developing the token economy and ecosystem the region. has spent years working morgan stanley, deutsche bank and citigroup london and renaissance capital moscow. patent filed whitepaper endnotes solis, brian. "if you had one hour with mark zuckerberg, what would you ask? here's what learned about the state and future facebook, data, politics and bad actors." briansolis.com. april accessed april http://www.briansolis.com///one-hour-mark-zuckerberg-ask-hereslearned-state-future-facebook-data-politics-bad-actors/ dua, tanya. "the internet such mess that brands are hiring executives make sure their ads don't end next objectionable content." business insider. april accessed april https://www.businessinsider.in/the-internet-is-such-a-mess-that-brands-are-hiring-executives-to-make-sure-their-ads-dont-end-up-next-to-objectionable-content/articleshow/.cms wilkinson, ryan. "youtube adverts pulled major brands due fears over access paedophiles." the independent. november accessed april https://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/youtube-adverts-paedophiles-children-videos-access-comments-a.html grierson, jamie. "google summoned ministers government pulls ads over extremist content." the guardian. march accessed april https://www.theguardian.com/technology//mar//google-ministers-quiz-placement-ads-extremist-content-youtub (c) copyright, tatatu, patent filed kyc and aml policies kyc kyc (know your customer) the process business identification and client's identity verification. kyc includes procedures primary identification customers from financial institutions and companies acting cryptocurrency exchanges. strict compliance with the kyc policy protects the customers and from criminal elements such money laundering terrorism financing. security transaction our main priority, keep high standard customer identification and provided information verification. have reasonable assumption, that our customer might involved any kind criminal activity, reserve the right refuse cooperation and reject their funds without any additional explanation. only contributors, which have successfully identified themselves the kyc procedure, will eligible participate the token public sale. the carried-out kyc will based current market standards and will comply with applicable laws. guarantee that best efforts will made order keep information and transferred personal details confidential. aml the token generator parties recognize the importance preventing money laundering and terrorism financing, and commits the highest standards anti-money laundering and combating terrorist financing ('aml/ctf'). the token generator subject cayman islands legislation designed prevent aml/ ctf. fulfill this commitment, the token generator establishes internal policies and procedures well conducts anti-money laundering risk analysis. the latter defines risk associated with different types contributors and transactions. prevent aml/ctf, the token generator will implement processes and procedures conduct appropriate customer due diligence, customer identification and customer's identity verification the basis the following "know your customer" principles: customer provided documentation (verification checking). customer information obtained from reliable and independent sources (ownership checking). (c) copyright, tatatu, unusual activity during the customer due diligence process customer engagement should immediately reported the designated money laundering reporting officer ('mlro') the deputy money laundering reporting officer ('deputy mlro'). the threat for the token generator involved money laundering and terrorist financing activities depends directly the type customer business the country they are located in. during the business processes and procedures, the token generator will classify its customers based level risk. identifying the potential risk will help effectively manage these risks and implement controls mitigate the identified risk, any. the token generator will not conduct business, inter alia, with the following risky customers: individuals included any official lists sanctions. individuals indicating possible involvement criminal activities based available information. individuals with businesses where activity source fund legitimacy cannot reasonably verified. individuals refusing provide required information documentation. entities whose shareholder/control structure cannot determined. customer documentation can either submitted physical electronic form. appropriate record received documentation, copies reference the customer's documentation will kept accordance with the data protection regulation. records will kept for long the relationship endures with the customer needed for fulfilment the relationship and for least five years after the relationship ends. countries where this period exceeds the established period time, the legally established time period will considered comply with local law. for more information please read: [insert hyperlink aml policy] patent filed disclosure schedule the acquisition tokens involves high degree risk. before acquiring tokens, recommended that each purchaser conduct its own careful examination all relevant information and risks about the token generator, platform and tokens and, specifically, the disclosures and risk factors set out below. any the following risks actually occurs, the platform, tokens and purchaser's tokens may materially and adversely affected, including the purchaser's tokens being rendered worthless unusable. disclosures regarding this white paper accuracy information, consent parties referenced white paper this white paper includes market and industry information and forecasts that have been obtained from internal surveys, reports and studies, where appropriate, well market research, publicly available information and industry publications. such surveys, reports, studies, market research, publicly available information and publications generally state that the information that they contain has been obtained from sources believed reliable, but there can assurance the accuracy completeness such included information. save for the token generator and its respective directors, executive officers and employees, person has provided his her consent the inclusion his her name and/or other information attributed perceived attributed such person connection therewith this white paper and representation, warranty undertaking purported provided the accuracy completeness such information such person and such persons shall not obliged provide any updates the same. neither the token generator nor any the token generator parties has conducted any independent review the information extracted from third party sources, verified the accuracy completeness such information ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon therein. consequently, neither token generator nor its directors, executive officers and employees acting its behalf makes any representation warranty the accuracy completeness such information and shall not obliged provide any updates the same. forward looking statements all statements, estimates and financial information contained this white paper, made any press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made token generator any token generator parties that are not statements historical fact, constitute "forward-looking statements". some these statements can identified forward-looking terms such "aim", "target", "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "if", "intend", "may", "plan", "possible", "probable", "project", "should", "would", "will" other similar terms. however, these terms are not the exclusive means identifying forward-looking statements. all statements regarding the token generator's financial position, business strategies, plans and prospects and the future prospects the industry which the token generator are forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements, including but not limited statements the token generator's revenue and profitability, prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters discussed this white paper regarding token generator are matters that are not historic facts, but only predictions. such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause actual events results, performance achievements differ materially from the estimates the results implied expressed such forward-looking statements. these factors include, amongst others: terms used facilitate better understanding tokens being offered for purchase the token generator, and the businesses and operations the token generator, certain technical terms and abbreviations, well as, certain instances, their descriptions, have been used this white paper. these descriptions and assigned meanings should not treated being definitive their meanings and may not correspond standard industry meanings usage. words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice versa and words importing the masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine and neuter genders and vice versa. references persons shall include corporations. (c) copyright, tatatu, (a) changes political, social, economic and stock cryptocurrency market conditions, and the regulatory environment the countries which the token generator conducts its respective businesses and operations; (b) the risk that the token generator may unable execute implement their respective business strategies and future plans; (c) changes interest rates and exchange rates fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies; (d) changes the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth the token generator; (e) changes the availability and fees payable the token generator connection with their respective businesses and operations; (f) changes the availability and salaries employees who are required the token generator operate their respective businesses and operations; (g) changes preferences customers the token generator; (h) changes competitive conditions under which the token generator operate, and the ability the token generator compete under such conditions; (i) changes the future capital needs the token generator and the availability financing and capital fund such needs; (j) war acts international domestic terrorism; (k) occurrences catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts god that affect the businesses and/or operations the token generator; (l) other factors beyond the control the token generator; and (m) any risk and uncertainties associated with the token generator and its business and operations, tokens, the token generation and the underlying assets (each referred the white paper). patent filed nothing contained this white paper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance policies the token generator. further, the token generator disclaims any responsibility update any those forward-looking statements publicly announce any revisions those forward-looking statements reflect future developments, events circumstances, even new information becomes available other events occur the future. further information update person has been authorised give any information representation not contained this white paper connection with the token generator and its business and operations, tokens, the token generation and the underlying assets (each referred the white paper) and, given, such information representation must not relied upon having been authorised behalf the token generator. the token generation (as referred the white paper) shall not, under any circumstances, constitute continuing representation create any suggestion implication that there has been change, development reasonably likely involve material change the affairs, conditions and prospects token generator any statement fact information contained this white paper since the date hereof. restrictions distribution and dissemination white paper the distribution dissemination this white paper any part thereof may prohibited restricted the laws, regulatory requirements and rules any jurisdiction. the case where any restriction applies, you are inform yourself about, and observe, any restrictions which are applicable your possession this white paper such part thereof (as the case may be) your own expense and without liability the token generator. persons whom copy this white paper has been distributed disseminated, provided access who otherwise have the white paper their possession shall not circulate any other persons, reproduce otherwise distribute this white paper any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit cause the same occur. language white paper this white paper may have been prepared multiple languages. the event any inconsistencies between one version and another, the english language version shall prevail. disclosures regarding tokens nature tokens tokens utility token. tokens are digital utility tokens that afford tokens holders [access the platform] and/or execute certain functions the token smart contract accordance with the terms open-source license agreement. tokens not represent loan token generator nor they provide purchaser with any ownership other interest token generator. for greater certainty, the purchase tokens does not provide purchaser with any form ownership right other interest token generator its present future assets and revenues, including, but not limited to, any voting, distribution, redemption, liquidation, revenue sharing, proprietary (including all forms intellectual property), other financial legal rights. tokens are non-refundable token generator not obliged provide tokens holders with (c) copyright, tatatu, refund for any reason, and tokens holders will not receive money other compensation lieu refund. statements set out the white paper are merely expressions the token generator's objectives and desired work plan achieve those objectives. and promises future performance price are will made respect tokens, including promise inherent value, and guarantee that tokens will hold any particular value. tokens are provided "as is" basis tokens are provided "as is" basis. the token generator parties and each their respective directors, officers, employees, shareholders, affiliates and licensors make representations warranties any kind, whether express, implied, statutory otherwise regarding tokens, including any warranty title, merchantability fitness for particular purpose any warranty that tokens and platform will uninterrupted, error-free free harmful components, secure not otherwise lost damaged. except the extent prohibited applicable law, the token generator parties and each their respective directors, officers, employees, shareholders, affiliates and licensors disclaim all warranties, including any implied warranties merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for particular purpose, non-infringement, quiet enjoyment, and any warranties arising out any course dealings, usage trade. not offering securities, commodities swaps the sale tokens and tokens themselves are not securities, commodities, swaps either securities commodities, financial instrument any kind. purchases and sales tokens are not subject the protections any laws governing those types financial instruments. this white paper and all other documents referred this white paper including the terms and conditions not constitute prospectus offering document, and are not offer sell, nor the solicitation offer buy investment, security, commodity, swap either security commodity. non-investment purposes purchaser acknowledges and agrees that purchaser not purchasing tokens for purposes investment, speculation, some type arbitrage strategy, for immediate resale other financial purposes. tokens are not designed for investment purposes and should not considered type investment. force majeure the token generation and the performance the token generator's activities set out white paper development roadmap may interrupted, suspended delayed due force majeure events. for the purposes this white paper, force majeure event shall mean any extraordinary event circumstances which could not prevented token generator and shall include: hardware, software other utility failures, changes market forces technology, software smart contract bugs, changes blockchain-related protocols, acts nature, wars, armed conflicts, mass civil disorders, industrial actions, epidemics, lockouts, slowdowns, prolonged shortage other failures energy supplies communication service, acts municipal, state federal governmental agencies other circumstances beyond token generator's control, which were not existence the time token generation. purchaser understands and agrees that token generator shall not liable and disclaims all liability purchaser connection with force majeure event. insurance unlike bank accounts accounts financial institutions, tokens are uninsured unless you specifically obtain private insurance insure them. thus, the event loss loss utility value, there public insurer private insurance arranged token generator offer recourse purchaser. patent filed governmental disclosures token generator not regulated mutual fund token generator not regulated mutual fund for the purpose the mutual funds law (revised) the cayman islands the basis that tokens are not shares and token generator not mutual fund, and neither copy this white paper details about token generator have been filed with cayman islands monetary authority (cima). because token generator not regulated mutual fund, token generator not subject the supervision cima and token generator not required have its accounts audited nor submit such accounts cima. token generator were regulated mutual fund under the mutual funds law (revised), would need comply with regulatory requirements designed protect investors, including the requirement limit the minimum aggregate token purchase amount usd its equivalent any other currency order for not licensed administered licensed mutual fund administrator. token generator would also need pay prescribed initial registration fee. these are matters which would required connection with initial registration under the mutual funds law. token generator would also then have ongoing obligations under the mutual funds law following its initial registration, including the obligation (a) file with cima prescribed details any changes this white paper; (b) file annually with cima accounts audited approved auditor and fund annual return; and (c) pay prescribed annual fee. token generator were regulated mutual fund, would also subject the supervision cima, and cima would have wide powers take certain actions certain events occur. risk unfavorable regulatory action one more jurisdictions the regulatory status cryptographic tokens, digital assets, and blockchain technology undeveloped, varies significantly among jurisdictions and subject significant uncertainty. possible that certain jurisdictions may adopt laws, regulations, policies rules directly indirectly affecting the bitcoin and ethereum network, restricting the right acquire, own, hold, sell, convert, trade, use tokens. developments laws, regulations, policies rules may alter the nature the operation the blockchain network upon which tokens are dependent. there can assurance that governmental authorities will not examine the operations token generator parties and/or pursue enforcement actions against token generator parties. all this may subject token generator parties judgments, settlements, fines penalties, cause token generator parties restructure their operations and activities cease offering certain products services, all which could harm token generator parties' reputation lead higher operational costs, which may, turn, have material adverse effect tokens and/ the development the platform. purchaser bears responsibility legal categorisation there risk that tokens might considered security certain jurisdictions, that they might considered security the future. the token generator does not provide any warranty guarantee whether tokens will security the jurisdiction the purchaser. each purchaser will bear all consequences tokens being considered security their respective jurisdiction. every purchaser responsible confirm the acquisition and/or disposal tokens legal its relevant jurisdiction, and each purchaser undertakes not use tokens any jurisdiction where doing would unlawful. purchaser establishes that the purchase use tokens not legal its jurisdiction, should not acquire tokens and immediately stop (c) copyright, tatatu, using possessing tokens. acquiring tokens exchange for cryptocurrencies will most likely continue scrutinized various regulatory bodies around the world, which may impact the usage tokens. the legal ability the token generator provide support tokens some jurisdictions may eliminated future regulation legal actions. the event the token generator determines that the purchase usage tokens illegal certain jurisdiction, the token generator may cease operations that jurisdiction, adjust tokens the platform way comply with applicable law. purchaser bears responsibility for complying with transfer restrictions tokens may placed third-party exchanges, giving future purchasers and users opportunity openly buy tokens. user seeking enter the platform following the token generation will have buy tokens such exchanges. conversely, tokens may sold such exchanges the holder tokens would like exit the platform ecosystem. existing laws the circulation securities certain countries, such the united states america, canada and singapore, may prohibit the sale tokens the residents those countries. when buying tokens, purchaser should aware the restrictions their subsequent sale. general security risks risk theft and hacking token generation events and initial coin offerings are often targeted hackers and bad actors. hackers may attempt interfere with the purchaser's wallet (purchaser's wallet), the token smart contract the availability tokens any number ways, including without limitation denial service attacks, sybil attacks, spoofing, smurfing, malware attacks, consensus-based attacks. any such attack may result theft purchaser's tokens. private keys tokens purchased purchaser may held purchaser purchaser's digital wallet vault, which requires private key, combination private keys, for access. accordingly, loss requisite private key(s) associated with purchaser's digital wallet vault storing tokens will result loss such tokens. moreover, any third party that gains access such private key(s), including gaining access login credentials hosted wallet vault service purchaser uses, may able misappropriate purchaser's tokens. token generator not responsible for any such losses. failure map public key purchaser's wallet failure the purchaser map public key the purchaser's wallet may result third-parties being unable recognize buyer's tokens balance the ethereum blockchain when and they configure the initial balances new blockchain based upon the platform. exchange risks purchaser sends ether the token generator from exchange account that purchaser does not control, tokens will allocated the account that has sent ether; therefore, purchaser may never receive able recover purchaser's tokens. furthermore, purchaser chooses maintain hold tokens through cryptocurrency exchange other third party, purchaser's tokens may stolen lost. patent filed risk incompatible wallet services the wallet wallet service provider used for the acquisition and storage tokens has technically compatible with tokens. the failure assure this may result the purchaser not being able gain access its tokens. risk weaknesses exploitable breakthroughs the field cryptography advances cryptography, other technical advances such the development quantum computers, could present risks cryptocurrencies, ethereum and tokens, which could result the theft loss tokens. internet transmission risks there are risks associated with using tokens including, but not limited to, the failure hardware, software, and internet connections. the token generator shall not responsible for any communication failures, disruptions, errors, distortions delays you may experience when using the platform and tokens, howsoever caused. transactions cryptocurrencies may irreversible, and, accordingly, losses due fraudulent accidental transactions may not recoverable. cryptocurrencies transactions are deemed made when recorded public ledger, which not necessarily the date time when the transaction initiated. platform and token smart contract disclosures guarantee that platform token smart contract will developed purchaser acknowledges, understands and agrees that purchaser should not expect and there guarantee representation warranty token generator platform operator that: (a) the platform and token smart contract will ever adopted; (b) the platform and token smart contract will adopted developed and not different modified form; (c) final blockchain utilizing adopting the token smart contract will ever launched; and (d) final blockchain will ever launched with without changes the token smart contract and with without distribution tokens matching the fixed initial balances tokens recorded the token smart contract. furthermore, tokens issued under the token smart contract will not have any functionality the final blockchain and holding tokens not guarantee, representation warranty that the holder will able use the such final blockchain, receive any tokens actually utilized the platform with the final blockchain created, even the platform launched and the token smart contract adopted, which there guarantee, representation warranty made token generator. risks associated with the token smart contract and associated software and/or infrastructure. (a) malfunctions the token smart contract based the ethereum blockchain. such, any malfunction, unintended function unexpected functioning the ethereum protocol may cause tokens and/or the platform malfunction function unexpected unintended manner. (b) bugs and weaknesses the ethereum blockchain rests open source software, and accordingly there the risk that the token smart contract may contain intentional unintentional bugs weaknesses which may negatively affect tokens result the loss theft tokens the loss ability access control tokens. the event such software bug weakness, there may remedy (c) copyright, tatatu, and tokens holders are not guaranteed any remedy, refund compensation. (c) delays and congestions the ethereum blockchain timing block production determined proof work block production can occur random times. for example, ether contributed the token smart contract the final seconds distribution period may not get included for that period. purchaser acknowledges and understands that the ethereum blockchain may not include the purchaser's transaction the time purchaser expects and purchaser may not receive tokens the same day purchaser sends ether. the ethereum blockchain prone periodic congestion during which transactions can delayed lost. individuals may also intentionally spam the ethereum] network attempt gain advantage purchasing cryptographic tokens. purchaser acknowledges and understands that ethereum block producers may not include purchaser's transaction when purchaser wants purchaser's transaction may not included all. (d) value ether ether, the native unit account the ethereum may itself lose value ways similar tokens, and also other ways. more information about ethereum available http://www.ethereum.org. irreversible nature blockchain transactions transactions involving tokens that have been verified, and thus recorded block the blockchain, generally cannot undone. even the transaction turns out have been error, due theft user's tokens, the transaction not reversible. further, this time, there governmental, regulatory, investigative, prosecutorial authority mechanism through which bring action complaint regarding missing stolen cryptocurrencies and tokens. consequently, the token generator may unable replace missing tokens seek reimbursement for any erroneous transfer theft tokens. amendments protocol the development team and administrators the source code for ethereum blockchain the token smart contract could propose amendments such network's protocols and software that, accepted and authorized, not accepted, the network community, could adversely affect the supply, security, value, market share tokens. risk mining attacks with other decentralized cryptocurrencies, ethereum blockchain, which used for tokens, susceptible mining attacks, including but not limited double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks, "selfish-mining" attacks and race condition attacks. any successful attack presents risk tokens, including the expected proper execution and sequencing tokens and ethereum contract computations general. despite the efforts the token generator and ethereum foundation, the risk known novel mining attacks exists. mining attacks, described above, may also target other blockchain networks, with which tokens interact with and consequently tokens may impacted also that way the extent described above. token generator and platform operator disclosures legal structure token generator and platform operator the token generator exempted company incorporated the cayman islands pursuant the companies law (revised). exempted company body corporate which has separate legal personality capable exercising all the functions natu- patent filed ral person full capacity irrespective any question corporate benefit, and having perpetual succession. the constitution exempted company contained two documents, the memorandum association and the articles association (articles). the articles typically provide that there must least one director cayman company and the management the company the responsibility of, and carried out by, its board directors. the memorandum association cayman company must specify the authorised share capital such company. the memorandum association will state the aggregate amount the authorised share capital, together with details the number shares into which divided and the par value those shares. holder tokens, you are not entitled any shares token generator nor any other right interest token generator (including any debt equity interest therein) and will have rights appoint remove the board directors operators token generator. holder tokens, you are not entitled any shares platform operator nor any other right interest platform operator (including any debt equity interest therein) and will have rights appoint remove the board directors operators platform. because tokens confer governance rights any kind with respect the token generator, platform operator the platform, all decisions involving the token generator's and platform operator's products services, including the services provided the platform will made token generator and/or the platform operator their sole discretion. these decisions could adversely affect the platform and the utility any tokens you own.. relationship between token generator and platform operator the token generator and platform operator are not partners under any partnership arrangement and, accordingly, neither party may contractually bind the other its partner. dependence management team the ability each the token generator's and platform operator's project teams, which are respectively responsible for maintaining competitive position the tokens and platform, dependent large degree the services their management teams. the loss diminution the services members such senior management team inability attract, retain and maintain additional senior management personnel could have material adverse effect the tokens and platform. competition for personnel with relevant expertise intense due the small number qualified individuals, and this competition may seriously affect such entity's ability retain its existing senior management and attract additional qualified senior management personnel, which could have significant adverse impact the tokens and platform. risks related reliance third parties even completed, the platform will rely, whole partly, third-parties adopt and implement and continue develop, supply, and otherwise support it. there assurance guarantee that those third-parties will complete their work, properly carry out their obligations, otherwise meet anyone's needs, any which might have material adverse effect the platform. insufficient interest the platform and tokens possible that the platform tokens will not used large number individuals, businesses and organizations and that there will limited public interest the creation and development its functionalities. such lack interest could impact the development the tokens and platform. platform development risks the development the token smart contract and/or platform (c) copyright, tatatu, abandoned for number reasons, including lack interest from the public, insufficient funding, insufficient commercial success prospects departure key personnel. changes platform the platform still under development and may undergo significant changes over time. although platform operator intends for the platform have the features and specifications set forth this white paper, changes such features and specifications may made for any number reasons, any which may mean that the platform does not meet expectations the purchaser. other projects the token smart contract and platform may give rise other, alternative projects, promoted parties that are affiliated unaffiliated with the token generator parties and such projects may provide benefit the tokens platform. disclosures relating conflicts interest any the token generator parties may engaged transactions with related parties and conflicts interest may arise, potentially resulting the conclusion transactions terms not determined market forces. licences and approvals are not assured all jurisdictions platform operator intend operate full compliance with applicable laws and regulations and obtain the necessary licences and approvals key markets. this means that the development and rollout all the features the ecosystem described this whitepaper are not guaranteed. regulatory licences and/or approvals are potentially required number relevant jurisdictions which relevant activities may take place. not possible guarantee, and person makes any assurances, that any such licences approvals will obtained within particular timeframe all. this means that platform operator and other features the proposed ecosystem may not available certain markets, all. this could require restructuring that ecosystem and/or its unavailability all certain respects. auditing the token generator and platform operator are not required and will not provide purchasers with any accounting regarding the use the proceeding from the sale the tokens. the use such proceeding will not subject any audit. other disclosures purchases tokens should undertaken only individuals, entities, companies that have significant experience with, and understanding of, the usage and intricacies cryptocurrencies, including cryptographically secured digital tokens, and blockchain based software systems. purchaser should have functional understanding storage and transmission mechanisms associated with other cryptographic tokens. while the token generator will available assist purchasers tokens during the sale, the token generator will not responsible any way for loss btc, eth tokens resulting from actions taken by, omitted purchasers. you not have such experience expertise, then you should not purchase tokens participate the sale tokens. cryptographic tokens such tokens are new and untested technology. addition the risks included above, there are other risks associated with your purchase, possession and use tokens, including unanticipated risks. such risks may further materialize unanticipated variations combinations the risks discussed above. patent filed