making business profit solving social problems white paper te-food, the world's largest publicly accessible, farm-to-table food traceability system moving blockchain. te-food successful food traceability solution, used companies, managing more than transactions each day, reaching million people. are dedicated improve food safety, fight off corruption, support fair trade, and build trust between the food supply chain companies, consumers, and authorities the emerging markets. believe that building sustainable business food safety much more efficient make difference than any type aid. executive summary what te-food te-food successful farm-to-table livestock and fresh food traceability solution, focusing emerging markets. since te-food has been implemented vietnam. farm-to-table solution, te-food tracks the items through the whole supply chain (farm, slaughterhouse, wholesaler, retailer) and provides tools consumers, supply chain companies, and authorities gain food history and food quality insights. te-food has grown over business customers, tracking pigs, chickens, and million eggs daily. will extended track cattle, fish seafood, and fruits vegetables. market products foodborne diseases around the world are accountable for the hospitalization million people and deaths annually. the global food traceability solution market will reach billion compound annual growth rate highest asia-pacific (cagr: .%) vs. rest the world (.-.%). effects traceability are medical (fewer foodborne illnesses and deaths), social (consumer demand, need for trust), and economical (decreased product recall costs, supporting export, transparency, increased vat revenue). te-food provides physical identification tools, mobile and web based software solutions ppp model (low upfront fee, and long term contract). te-food charges for the identification tools, the data transactions made the system, and custom services. our customers are governments, private companies, and professional organizations. te-food optimized for emerging markets. despite uses modern technology, it's the cheapest solution available, with need for special equipment. the business model fits emerging countries, making profitable business. our detailed, practical implementation guide ensures scalability other countries. company token sale te-food joint project hungarian and vietnamese company, currently employing people. for international expansion, all rights and activities will incorporated into new single company: te-food international ltd. leaders the new company have over years business and experience. pre-sell tokens which can exchanged for services within the system. our main plan for international market expansion. have detailed roadmap launch te-food countries within years. blockchain provides transparent trust based solution for international operation. tokenization with smart contracts eliminates volatility unified financial transaction ledger solution. tfd: issued utility token te-food. total coins issued: ,,, (%) sold token sale: (%) token sale volume: us$,, token sale starts february early contributors can get discounts executive summary market analysis current numbers te-food marketing and sales strategy mission pricing strategy social problems solve competition alternatives current status te-food roadmap traceability tools financial plan retail and consumer tools partners farm management tools livestock registry why participate te-food's token sale? our planned solution blockchain utilization other planned developments implementation vietnam advantages te-food team team members background business plan market token sale fact sheet public sale allocation revenues token distribution current numbers te-food current traceability volume te-food pigs day chickens day eggs day planned extensions: cattle fruits, vegetables, and arable crops fish and seafood animal antibiotics te-food used farms livestock agents slaughterhouses food producers veterinary companies wholesale markets wholesale distributors retailers and markets achievements more than more than serving business customers people million people trained one year with fresh food traceability information mission since have been developing te-food centralized traceability solution. had been working with companies the food supply chain, had realize that the trust among consumers, supply chain companies and authorities completely lost. the industry full with debates, lawsuits, corruption, and scams, that even data coming from third party like existing traceability system seems suspicious the participants. started think how solve this problem, bring back trust food related information. needed technology which ensures that the food related data can not corrupted modified any way. this led blockchain. te-food introducing utility token called tfd, blockchain protocol, and smart contracts that creates trusted transaction ledger integrate consumers, supply chain participants and authorities one ecosystem. te-food's mission make food industry more transparent democratize the access food related information common property enable technology become the ,,authority" reduce the scale and effect epidemics and food frauds emerging countries all around the world educate people through incentivizing conscious consumer behavior help small farms more competitive social problems solve food safety people gets ill each year from foodborne diseases. lack food safety processes result the death people, mostly children under age antimicrobial resistance, overuse antibiotic drugs common overuse animal antibiotics caused the emergence antibiotic-resistant infections, which totals billion health care costs each year only the u.s. antimicrobial resistance (amr) can cause low-income, developing countries lose more than their gdp and push million people into poverty. economic inequality food sector the most affected industry economic inequality. employees agriculture among lowest earners. migration caused climate change climate change has the biggest negative impact the agricultural sector. migration caused climate change growing threat lot emerging countries, which has serious global impacts. food frauds, mistrustful supply chains public sector corruption takes out trillion trillion annually from the global economy the form bribes and costs far more stunted economic growth, lost tax revenues and sustained poverty. food frauds have serious economical impact $b. low vat revenue, high vat rates lot developing countries very hard follow the real quantity retail transactions, which results high vat rates legal trading compensate the loss. read more about the social problems and te-food's solutions implementing modern, cost effective food traceability solution can make the difference, but it's road full with obstacles and pitfalls. successfully implement such system needs commitment, determination, cutting edge technology, and tremendous competence. read more about the challenges current status te-food te-food livestock and fresh food traceability solution, currently implemented vietnam, the third largest country southeast asia with people. te-food enables all companies the fresh food supply chain manage logistics and food safety related data their operations. identification tools various technologies are applied livestock, transports, and fresh food packages follow the items throughout the whole supply chain. fresh food products retail can traced back their origins together with food safety related information. the basic process the fresh food supply chain can decomposed series activities. the roles, activities, and their input output data can vary different categories, and different countries. tefood's modular structure enables easily customize the process flow, and its data requirements according the requirements. this diagram shows the process flow for pigs, but te-food each food category has its customized process. authority control can embedded any part the process. connecting the physical and digital goes reading the codes with the te-food mobile app, read/write/update data about tracked item. additional features: food safety alerts food safety alerts are built into the whole process, and can triggered certain events. e.g. livestock transport takes longer than the average, can trigger alert the veterinary the receiving side check the transport can suspicious. reputation system internal reputation scoring system helps supply chain participants rate their connected suppliers through their common business transactions. supporting conscious consumer behavior te-food provides mobile app for consumers check the history and food quality information food products, and provides incentives use frequently. traceability tools status: ready for pig, chicken, and egg (cattle under development) identification tools te-food provides cost effective d/d and rfid identification tools for the supply chain. plastic security barcodes) seals (d/d label stickers barcodes) codes combined with easily recognizable sunshine and water resistant printing, non-toxic color codes (colorgram) for easier visual validity material. security seals are used identify check. label stickers are applied individual livestock, transport trucks, and fresh food food packages retail. packages. rfid tags high quality rfid ear tags for specific animals and easier reading. planned implementation for cattles. printed paper bags barcodes) te-food scale labels barcodes) supply recyclable paper te-food integrated smart bags with pre-printed te-food scales, print scale labels with code. the te-food code it. reading the code shows the history the fresh food product. read more about the identification tools mobile app te-food provides multilingual mobile admin app, optimized for low-end phones. using the app role based, each role (e.g. farm, slaughterhouse, etc.) has its own processes, menus, functions. the functions focus logistics transactions sending and receiving transports, verifying information provided the previous step food safety information providing weight, feeding, vaccination, etc. information identification tool management inventory and ordering identification tools and transactions authority tools functions the supply chain enforcement for the authority (e.g. governmental veterinaries, police) the mobile app uses the phone's camera read d/d barcodes identify items (livestock, transport, food product) part processes. back office tools standard interfaces te-food open towards companies with third-party logistics traceability solutions. traceability information can sent the system through standard interfaces. supply chain companies which have their own identification tools, can request identification serials through api. reporting tools supply chain participants automatically get daily, weekly, monthly reports with tables and charts about their activities. retail and consumer tools status: ready consumer mobile app beside supply chain members and the authority, te-food transparent towards the consumers well. consumer mobile app enables consumers read the codes, and view the history and characteristics the fresh food they intend buy. read and verify code read product history learn more about the suppliers the mobile app available for android and ios. read more about the consumer app digital signage for further customer convenience, te-food provides solutions for retails display traceability information. self service terminal solution helps consumers without mobile phone read the codes the product and display food history. read more about the digital signage solution zalo.me integration our smart codes can read zalo.me, the most popular messenger platform vietnam, which enables million zalo users view product history through the zalo mobile app. farm management tools status: partly ready (working modules: inventory, feeding, vaccination) help improving the competitiveness smaller farms, provide easy use, mobile app based farm management application, which integrated into the te-food app. currently the farm management tools consist the core modules (inventory, feeding, vaccination), which also help providing food safety data the traceability process. plan broaden the functionality this app reinforce the engagement farms, and help them operating more sustainable business. livestock registry status: under development, release part the food safety tools provided authorities, our livestock registry and management solution enables national local authorities get certain regular status reports from farms. from basic livestock inventory information sales and export reports, the system provides wide range information. provide the necessary data, farms need download easy use mobile app, connect their systems our api. the phase, the system will extended with based smart pandemic forecasting and alarming modules, provide authorities tools prepare for, and limit the effects potential outbreaks. our planned solution current status planned developments please note that te-food ready solution with tokenized transactions. the planned developments are here provide information the project for potential users. plan replace the current, decentralized transaction ledger with blockchain based structure. also plan extend the current functionality the system, which will have great impact the sales possibilities te-food: decentralized transaction ledger gain additional credibility blockchain based transaction and food information ledger. food safety sensor tools mitigating supply chain debates measuring and logging the environmental conditions transported livestock and food. marketplace gaining new markets and improve engagement providing livestock and fresh food trading possibility for the supply chain. extended food categories gaining new markets extending te-food track and trace cattles, fish/seafood, fruits/vegetables, and animal antibiotics. animal face recognition gaining new markets enabling the identification cattles without any physical identification tool. blockchain utilization status: tokenization ready, blockchain transaction ledger planned why te-food needs blockchain? because the data provided the supply chain participants must unmodifiable. due the significant distrust and suspiciousness among consumers, supply chain companies, and authorities (caused several food frauds and corruption), only technically unalterable logistics and food quality data can provide credibility. because the data the system common property all participants. must stored shared, distributed ledger provide transparency. because the food safety related data all over the world property all us, and data accessibility must public and democratic. because the economic inequality one the largest social problems and need technology which helps create fair access data, know-how, and income. because corruption global economic problem, and the food sector emerging countries one the most affected sectors. incorruptible food history information leads transparent food supply chains, which can make difference public health, and literally save lives. "if you're buying some food medicine, for example, you have this complex global supply chain... ideally, you'd want have some kind common shared network that you could use get all the information about where each individual thing came from you could trace every part the product back where came from. you could have smartphone app that you could check everything about the product and see satisfies your needs. this kind thing, you need have shared network and the blockchain great way it." vitalik buterin watch the video ecosystem structure integrating all participants te-food, with the tokenized financial transactions will enable equally integrate supply chain participants, authorities, and consumers into the process. blockchain structure blockchain will implemented for two purposes: token transaction ledger the token payment solution will implemented public network using tfd, erc token. traceability transaction ledger transactional and food related information will stored private blockchain, and will driven internal technical token: the transaction token. supply chain companies will have tfd wallet the public network, which can accessed directly through the te-food mobile app transaction wallet the private network, which can accessed the te-food mobile app. utility token according the utility token types william mougayar, tfd will have more utility types: toll: use te-food's blockchain traceability ledger, supply chain participants will need pay for transactions using the token. value exchange: there lot information provided certain type supply chain companies, which valuable for other supply chain companies. (example: and when calf was treated with vaccines antibiotics valuable information for the cattle farms which buy the calf. normally they don't have this information, and they needlessly treat the animals with vaccines and antibiotics. this can lead overuse antibiotics. they can get this information for cheap price, the cattle farm can avoid the redundant activity, thus saving money. this income goes the information provider (the calf farm).) value exchange: consumers get tokens reward for using the te-food consumer mobile app retail, reading the code and viewing the food history, this way, the system incentives conscious consumer behavior. value exchange: consumers can use the tokens order food analysis services. they package part the food product and send te-food, and they got the results the food analysis electronic format. right: token holders can rate supply chain companies with which they are connection, the system can maintain supply chain company scoring system. token supply before the token sale, billion tokens will generated. public token pool: million tokens will the public token circulation million offered the public sale, million marketing, proof-of-care, advisors, cafeteria pool). general reserve: all remaining million tfds will held general reserve. the number te-food customers grow, they will require more transactions, thus, more tokens. the same time, certain participants the ecosystem will staking tokens, and some wallets are lost forgotten, which will limit the supply. te-food doesn't want endanger the core activities te-food, that's why certain times, maintain the right release tokens the market from the general reserve beyond the million limit. however, the released excess amount will justified the need for the tokens the circulation. finally, when te-food grows further, all billion tokens will the market, which believe will sufficient for long time operation. token economy buying traceability transactions supply chain participants indicate the number transactions they want buy the te-food app. cover the cost the desired number transactions, they can buy tfds for fiat money eth the exchange, and store their tfd wallet. the smart contract automatically deducts the tfd tokens, and exchanged transactions fixed exchange rate for supply chain reimbursement (see the reimbursements process), transfers the te-food consumer rewards wallet, exchanges the tokens transactions fixed exchange rate, the remaining tokens are distributed the solution provider. the private blockchain, te-food deposits the purchased transactions the supply chain participant's transaction wallet. reimbursements each time supply chain participant buys transactions, exchanged transactions fixed exchange rate for supply chain reimbursement. daily once, algorithm selects the supply chain companies share the tokens. the private blockchain, te-food automatically deposits the transactions the selected supply chain members' transaction wallet. paying for value added information supply chain companies (value providers) can set price item specific food related data they provide. other supply chain companies (the buyers the value providers) want obtain those information, smart contract deducts the total price (value added information price multiplied the actual number the received tracked goods) from their tfd wallet, transfers the tfds the value provider's tfd wallet. rewarding conscious consumers consumers check the te-food tracked food product's code using the mobile app. smart contract automatically transfers pre-specified amount tfd tokens from the tefood consumer reward wallet the consumer's tfd wallet reward. selling tokens supply chain participants and consumers can sell their excess tokens the exchange for desired rate. creates selling offer the market. buyers can buy tokens desired rate, when they match, the deal written smart contract. the seller's tfds are transferred the buyer's tfd wallet. transaction ledger due the fact, that data stored country-wide food traceability system extremely sensible from governmental viewpoint, assume most cases, storing transactional data public blockchain network will not acceptable for governmental customers. the blockchain layout differs from the traditional public ledger network model, for the planned solution heterogeneous based real world business logic. the protocol will route it's mesh network not traditional ipv ipv methods like kademilla, but use existing business logic called "contract routing". rhyno technologies default part this contract routing per the eula, and additional partners interacting with the smart-contract framework can find other partners based this mesh network. while self-marketing takes place with known blockchain paradigms, business logic requires private information retrieval that will implemented using quantum safe lattice cryptography and zeroknowledge transactions seen eip and eip. having heavily usd-backed marked, interpolability with the utility token must, which will happen transparently for end-users, putting the exchange mechanism under the same consensus model for the usd market seen for the token itself. data storage shall make use decentralized storage mitigate redundancy, where nodes can only store hashes known not fall into their contract scope using bloom filters. this way remove interest unpinning sensitive data for doing will ruin business reputation outside the consensus model too. instant transactions for existing industry solutions where fee handling and block time acceptance not option, offer lightning network/tumblebit solution for instant off chain transactions, while preserving all guarantees the network. other planned developments food safety sensor tools status: prototype ready for fresh food, the environmental conditions transportation are crucial for food safety. plan develop special hardware product, which can built transportation vehicles and transportation boxes measure these environmental parameters (temperature, humidity, time interval, geolocation), log them directly blockchain, and build analyzer layer send alerts when pre-set conditions are violated. this tool provides proof the food kept appropriate conditions during transportation. marketplace status: planned te-food already covers all logistical and food safety aspects the supply chain. broaden the possibilities companies, plan extend with trading related data (e.g. pricing, inventory, contractual conditions), create virtual livestock and fresh food marketplace which enables easier matching buyers and sellers well wizard based contracting with automated conditioning (e.g. quality transporting conditions), and escrow based payment. animal facial recognition status: planned physical tags for animal identification are the most popular tools traceability. however, their procurement and application the livestock mean continuous cost for the farmers. but until now, there was other solution. the radical improvements artificial intelligence driven image recognition during the last years, and the availability cheap, but good quality cameras created opportunity for new identification approach. cooperation with meat and livestock australia, will develop face recognition system identify cattles from digital photo. implementation vietnam the implementation the system was done ltd., vietnamese company contracting partner the government chi minh city. the system combines mobile technology and cloud based central system with cost effective identification tools. te-food's implementation vietnam was all over the news. view te-food's media coverage some our customers click the logos view their web site. view our photo gallery advantages te-food credibility cost effectiveness introducing blockchain provide incorruptible, unalterable ledger, combined with smart food safety alert system creates trust among consumers, authorities, and supply chain companies.. keep costs down, te-food doesn't require use costly equipment, enterprise integration. the cost tracking item (e.g. pig) can low throughout the whole chain. methodology consumer involvement have top-to-bottom implementation roadmap for emerging markets, which describes how organize, train, communicate such implementation. provide mobile app, and token based motivation system consumers act more consciously when shopping for fresh food. pragmatism reimbursement changing processes the supply chains need time. te-food doesn't require disrupt current contracting payment methods. extends them with trusted technologies. supply chain participants can get reimbursements for providing more food safety information. this important make farms committed provide proper traceability data. interoperability customized approach whole-chain approach and general standards (gs) provide interoperability beyond borders, and the opportunity for participants mitigate common redundant actions (e.g. double vaccination) te-food can used full-scale tracking solution well transaction ledger top existing traceability erp system. each case, configure the system follow the custom elements the customer's processes. flexible business models flexible financing models te-food can implemented government institution model, companies (e.g. food producer) model. te-food implemented ppp (public private partnership) model, which requires minimal investment. team team members management dr. trung dao ceo entrepreneur, president the high tech association hcmc. years strategic leadership, marketing and sales experience asia and europe. erik arokszallasi ceo entrepreneur, co-founder and leader two successful corporate development companies hungary (erba ltd., flexsys ltd.). years leadership, and project management experience. marton ven cmo entrepreneur, co-founder and marketing leader two successful corporate development companies (erba ltd., flexsys ltd.). years marketing, sales and project management experience. gergely koves former ernst young consultant, and long term manager environmentally conscious projects. food industry experts katalin vereczkey dr. gabor pajor food safety expert food safety expert veterinary informatics. year experiences data analysis, data science, data mining. digital agriculture expert the big environment, founder the hungarian precision agriculture association. master plant protection, years syngenta several managerial position for diverse portfolio agriculture technologies broad geographical areas. experienced digital agriculture different companies. blockchain experts blockchain implementation provided rhyno technologies. gabor nagymajtenyi abraham endre (silur) bdo leader chief architect founder and owner successful corporate development companies hungary. years leading edge technologies, security and scalable architectures. cryptographer and programmer. one the authors csploit and contributor known security frameworks, member ethereum foundation's ewasm and research team. https://github.com/silur istvan szukacs daniel csendes devops blockchain technology consultant over years experience with various fortune companies and startups. has managed changes large scale infrastructures without downtime while customers were actively using the system. besides engineering istvan has experience managing onshore offshore software teams delivering mission critical systems. economist, investor and entrepreneur with fare share experience multinational companies and startups. blockchain and cryptorcurrency expert. attila szabo lead developer over years experience software engineering, focusing large scale systems the financial, chemical, big data space. years experience part time lecturing computer science (ada, java, tdd, parallel programming). software developers tamas biro miklos csaszar mobile app developer senior sotware engineer years software development experience with corporate, mission critical systems. years software development experience. server side back end professional. gergely mate zoltan vadovics software developer software developer years software development experience. specialist algorithms. years software development experience. laszlo szentmiklosi bence kadar hardware/software developer database specialist years hardware and embedded software development experience. years database administration experience. infrastructure experts gyorgy varga jozsef tatar senior infrastrucutre engineer infrastrucutre engineer years linux system administration experience. years system administration experience. advisors endre jobbagy dr. michael patching blockchain and business consultant independent animal welfare and husbandry advisor founder and ceo interticket, traditional software company operating globally. co-founder blockchain competence center, european management consulting and professional service company specialized the blockchain industry. australian veterinarian with masters international animal welfare ethics and law and years experience large animal veterinarian. michael the current vietnam livestock services manager for meat and livestock australia (mla the australian red meat industry service body). background some former projects erba ltd., the company which developed te-food's system: utility cheque payment solution hardware and software development utility cheque payment terminals and central settlement back office for the hungarian post. three different types terminal for self service and retail cashier managed payment utility bills. complete hardware-software development with unique hardware elements. airport fast track payment solution budapest airport fasttrack terminals with cash and credit card payment, and back office application. complete hardware-software development. road tolling solution e-vignette based road tolling system with complete sales, enforcement and penalty management for the hungarian national toll payment services plc. the system fulfills transactions each day, and sells million e-vignettes yearly. loyalty card solution back office system and retail terminals for the largest hungarian loyalty card system million card holders), supershop with daily million transaction volume. complete hardware-software development. business plan detailing the business plan serves informational purposes only, and intended ensure token sale contributors that the company will able provide the services they buy for long term. market market size global food traceability market will reach billion (allied market research). growth rate cagr% compound annual growth rate food traceability the highest asia-pacific (.%) compared the rest the world (.-.%). (allied market research) asia-pacific row europe market size north america target markets te-food's primary target markets are the emerging countries. the reasons: the food frauds, foodborne illnesses and deaths happen the emerging countries many emerging countries, corruption very strongly present food supply chains, and major obstacle making supply chains transparent. however, there strong will governments make this industry cleaner, which gives strong regulatory background. supply chains emerging countries lack any form traceability system. but they have the opportunity skip several stages technological advancement. they simply leave out dos based applications excel, and jump from paper based transaction register directly blockchain based, mobile app driven operation using codes. growing middle-class emerging countries, and increasing awareness among population drives growing demand for consumer level product history insight. our technology and implementation methodology fits perfectly the needs emerging countries. emerging countries represent the world's population and its gdp. market analysis difficulties the food traceability market difficulty solution long implementation time months) the funds raised the token sale shall provide liquidity during implementation. face-to-face trainings require lot resource and organization have large experience building training teams, and organizing their work efficiently. authorities need lot consultations will provide written guidebook and efficient consultation services help authorities their implementation tasks. finding local leaders target countries tough task will put huge effort into the recruitment the leaders the target countries, and offer them convincing incentives motivate them. swot analysis te-food strengths one the largest traction whole-chain approach cost-effectiveness, te-food the cheapest solution the market practical implementation methodology through experience te-food ecosystem with wide range synergistic tools and applications weaknesses lack international awareness lack funds for expansion, because our business model needs years for roi few existing sales channels the emerging countries distance between the company leaders opportunities food safety becomes important development area emerging countries growing middle-class emerging countries, and increasing awareness among population drives growing demand for consumer level product history insight food scandals became well publicized, which drives authorities tighten regulations threats government dependency (in governmental implementation) lot conflicting interest (because frauds and corruption) can affect implementations technological issues, and lack best practices regarding blockchain cause uncertainty cryptocurrency regulations (or the lack regulations) can affect target markets how plan overcome the weaknesses lack international awareness are planning yearly exhibition presence, conference attendances, and for the first years, lot targeted and marketing activities. already exhibited three trade fairs and our experience shows that government and media representatives are open the topic food safety, and accept our practical arguments. lack funds for expansion, because our business model needs years for roi our main goal with the token sale raise funds finance the international expansion te-food. the funds will provide the necessary liquidity implement the systems the ppp model. few existing sales channels the emerging countries will aggressively look for local and international partners find channels the governments and supply chain participants. have convincing arguments, just need find the leads. distance between the company leaders the co-founders know each other for years. daily calls, personal meetings every two months proved efficient work together. marketing and sales strategy market expansion most cases, food traceability buyer/authority driven market. according this, the potential target customers/partners list are (from the most important less important): food safety authorities trade and export authorities food producer and export organisations retail chains food safety ngos food producers other food supply chain participants drivers traceability implementation governments improving food safety and public health improving exports important aspect important export target country (like china southeast asia) requires traceability when importing livestock and food products improving transparency the food industry fight grey markets, gain more value added tax the long term mitigating multiple use antibiotics professional organisations defending represented brands from counterfeiting improving exports food supply chain companies avoiding large scale recalls improving exports defending their brand from counterfeiting improving public relations through credibility avoiding redundant activities (e.g. double vaccination) for both governmental and private implementation te-food, give priority target countries: which export markets which require (or prefer) tracked livestock and fresh food where those multinational companies are present, which are already our customers where food fraud scandals get large publicity where most the food sector dominated small companies, which don't have the funds for expensive traceability solutions current status market expansion our implementation vietnam got large publicity the asean region, and had the opportunity participate some exhibitions. result, have ongoing negotiations with potential franchise partners and representatives in: laos (population: malaysia (population: cambodia (population: south-africa (population: there great chance that the next implementation will happen one these countries. local representation selling and implementing traceability system not possible without strong and active presence the target market. follow two roadmaps acquire new markets: direct presence presence through partner (franchise) regarding the most important target countries, where the government committed improve food safety, and the size the market requires huge efforts the implementation, will have direct presence, through daughter company, local staff. other countries, and where can acquire reliable and motivated partner company with strong local networks, will work along franchise contract represent te-food. increasing sales our existing markets traceability implementation food frauds get unvelied tightened regulations traceability market expansion according our experience, after implementing traceability system, the number food fraud cases increases. this paradox happens because well designed traceability system like te-food helps authorities notify fraudulent activities, which earlier went unnoticed. when food fraud scandal gets publicity, governments tend tighten regulations, broadening the types animals tracked, the territory traceability, the obligation traceability use, etc. this gives opportunities for market growth countries which are already present. our product line built (and planned) help this process providing synergistic tools for improved food quality control. the same time, larger retail chains value the advantages traceability, and are the forefront wide scale roll out after they already use it. practice, this means that even pilot project narrow food segment region can lead much wider roll out within years. te-food scalable implementing traceability systems technology, and implementation methodology. having scalable, modern software system far from enough, reliable, feasible implementation roadmap the key success. implemented te-food more than companies, and trained over people within one year. reinforce our international growth, collected all our experiences, potential problems and threats, successful tactics and strategies implementation guidebook. this guidebook provides methodology which can used and improved while implementing te-food other countries. will train our local representatives how help authorities regulation, enforcement, sanctioning, communicate the advantages blockchain and tokenization gain support, analyze supply chain processes, and find the way align them with te-food's approach, communicate and gain support from professional organisations, ngos, and the local media, realize successful pilot projects, which lead program roll out, organize and perform the trainings for thousands companies, organize and manage the logistics identification tools, monitor the commitment supply chain companies, and act there glitch, fine tune built-in food safety alerting and forecasting mechanisms get the best results. our technology, experience, and this practical guidebook are all keys internationally scalable solution. sales model governmental implementation authorities governmental organizations implement traceability for group companies. the scope can geographical, industry category related (e.g. pig, fish). participation can voluntary mandatory. for governmental implementations, our sales model based the ppp (public-private-partnership) model, which means implementation cost (except creating the feasibility study and customizations) training cost long-term contract identification tool and transactional costs optional consultancy and project management services this model, the organizer the implementation government region country, which te-food provides consultation how implement the system (legislation, enforcement, communication, etc.). the implementation, training costs are covered te-food. return te-food's active contribution, the parties sign long term exclusive contract. the customers the system are the companies the food supply chain. te-food provides identification materials, software applications, optional hardware, and transaction storage for certain fees. steps implementation: private implementation this model, private companies (e.g. farms, food producers, retail chains), professional organizations the supply chain implement traceability for their (or their members') processes. they may require from their suppliers provide data the system using it, interfacing it. for private implementations, the potential traceability revenue limited the customer's operation capacity, charge additional fees: training development optional, case system integration, migration, customization consultancy optional project management optional steps implementation: pricing strategy basics te-food pricing pricing based physical identification tools code/rfid based security seals/tags identify tracked items, lots, cases, transports code based label stickers, paper bags identify food products retail transactions each smart contract entry and update blockchain generates transactions our primary target markets are emerging countries, the cost effective pricing the main goal. general practice, this means the total traceability cost tracked item can not more than us$. tracked item means: case high price animals/items (e.g. pig, cattle, some fish, larger crabs) it's one animal, with all the meat/food products sourced case medium price animals/items (poultry, fish, eggs, fruits, vegetables) it's lot/case animals/items, with all the meat/food products sourced it. for example, one pig has the following direct traceability costs attached (the exact numbers depend the operation structures): security seals (one each rear leg) /th transport security seal pigs one transport truck) /th wholesale package security seal (pork from animals one package) label stickers/paper bags for the pork meat transaction entries throughout the supply chain (depends the structure) all these together can't cost more than us$. supply chain companies can either pre-pay post-pay their transactions, depending the contractual structure. competition alternatives since could not find other solutions, which provide farm-to-table traceability focus livestock and fresh food focus the requirements and the possibilities emerging markets integrate supply chain companies, consumers, and authorities well, lowered the barriers comparison the main characteristics. direct competitors consider those solutions direct competitors which provide farm fork food traceability, regardless they have centralized decentralized structure, and which provide tools for supply chain companies and consumers well. characteristics: provenance blockchain based general traceability solution, which provides mobile application follow the products from farm fork. seems they have more generalist approach, not customizing the process for animal categories and roles the supply chain, and seems they are focusing the logistics side. they have some implementations private companies. however, could not find their mobile app app stores, maybe they don't provide general consumer app, but white label apps under their customers' name. comparison: te-food has custom processes for each food categories, and supply chain roles. te-food open towards authorities well. te-food provides physical identification materials well, connecting the physical and digital sides all stages. towards supply chain companies and consumers, provide general mobile apps use their processes. te-food also focuses fair cost sharing within the supply chain. characteristics: ambrosus will provide general food and pharmaceutical traceability platform blockchain track the history, and check the quality food. their solution still under development. comparison: ambrosus provides sensor hardware and blockchain protocol solution. te-food provides client applications well. te-food focused specific areas: livestock and fresh-food traceability, and emerging countries potential markets. while their solution planned operating with cutting edge technology, tefood probably more cost effective solution, which important for emerging countries. te-food also focuses fair cost sharing within the supply chain. read deeper comparison indirect competitors consider those solutions indirect competition, which provide food traceability for supply chain characteristics: wabi provides product genuineness verification combined with retail payment solution and loyalty system. wabi solution for baby food products, cosmetics, alcohol, pharmaneuticals. comparison: te-food covers the whole chain from farm-to-table, providing tools for supply chain companies, consumers, and autorities well. read deeper comparison characteristics: foodlogiq provides whole chain traceability for food producers and retailers hospitality companies. they can integrate their suppliers and follow the logistics and food control processes throughout the supply chain. far know, it's solution, consumers and authority are not involved. comparison: te-food's solution also integrates consumers and authorities, they have specific purposes access food supply data. te-food covers custom processes for each food category and supply chain role. te-food focuses fair cost sharing within the supply chain. characteristics: harvestmark tracks pre-packaged fruits and vegetables, and their main focus provide information consumers the retail. comparison: te-food covers the whole supply chain bb, bc, and solution one. characteristics: ibm's planned hyperledger based blockchain traceability solution for walmart seems more general, logistical data based solution. far know, the solution development/piloting phase. comparison: ibm provides only the blockchain protocol, while te-food top bottom solution with ledger, back office, and client apps. te-food's primary focus livestock and fresh-food traceability, emerging countries potential markets, and beside logistics data, te-food focuses food quality data well. this regard, ibm not competitor, but potential partner. alternatives internal traceability through logistics erp systems characteristics: lot supply chain companies (mostly developed countries) track their items within their premises. they know from whom they bought it, and whom they sold it. for lot companies, this information enough. comparison: te-food's solution provides new level traceability with the whole chain approach. these companies can partners well through interfacing their solution te-food exchange logistical and food quality data. paper excel based traceability characteristics: the emerging countries, lot food supply chain companies don't use modern technology track and trace their items. comparison: it's not possible mitigate the current drawbacks the food industry with these outdated technologies. the results which can achieved te-food superior these solutions. roadmap start development te-food started ltd., vietnam, cooperation with erba ltd. hungary. agreement agreement reached with the government chi minh city implement te-food. preparations the implementation started immediately. launch te-food launched for pig and pork tracking hcmc region. trainings training chicken farms and egg producers starts. total, more than people trained. chicken and egg tracking starts .., chicken and egg traceability started vietnamese regions. national livestock registry contract signed with the ministry agriculture vietnam, livestock production department. national livestock registration system starts vietnam the pilot phase, the system used provinces vietnam regularly report about the status the livestock. te-food international founded te-food international ltd. founded. all te-food rights and contracts are transfered te-food international. tokenization te-food launches token based operation te-food starts before the token sale. token sale te-food token sale starts february, cattle tracking launched cattle tracking will implemented te-food. fruits and vegetables tracking launched tracking fruits and vegetables will implemented te-food. market presence two additional countries te-food offices are established target countries. blockchain traceability ledger implemented tefood blockchain traceability transaction ledger implemented the system. fish and seafood tracking launched fish and seafood tracking will implemented te-food. new developments are launched animal antibiotics traceability based smart pandemic forecasting and alarm modules for the national livestock registration system marketplace launched te-food marketplace extends logistical and food safety data, with trading possibilities with conditional smart contracting possibility. food safety sensor tools are ready the sensor equipped tools log directly blockchain, and contain smart locks which can opened only specific users, and log their status. extended farm management tools ready extending the existing functions (inventory, feeding, vaccination), new modules are available, according the g.a.p. standards. animal face recognition ready identification tools are extended facial recognition system for cattles. the r&d project starts market presence countries two new te-food offices are opened target countries. financial plan provide transparency our future operations, publish our financial plan for the next years. please note, that the business plan provided only for informational purposes, which can changed the market conditions change. have revenues around $,. gross profit us$. basic indicators average number employees no. countries with own local office no. countries with franchise sales number transactions costs operational costs gross salaries total legal cost travels, exhibitions, conferences advertisement and marketing materials material costs total cost revenues transaction fees materials added service total revenue supply chain donations franchise revenue gross profit without taxation cash flow the cash flow plan calculates with the token sale revenue. the revenue planned used while remains used please note that the plan doesn't calculate with vat. us$. token sale revenue operational revenues costs (cogs+opex) gross profit corporate income tax cash balance partners not-for-profit organisation that develops and maintains global standards for business communication. barcodes are scanned more than six billion times every day. helps make te-food comply with the standards which are used all around the world. unisto zalo unisto switzerland based international manufacturer security seals. unisto malaysia manufactures te-food's high quality seals. zalo free message and call mobile application. the number zalo users reached million. te-food's codes can read the zalo app, view the food history. view proof our partnerships why participate te-food's token sale? safety you don't have wait for the development the system and the tokenization. tefood traceability solution ready, and payment for transactions tokenized. you can use your token immediately. proven business model companies fail the planning, development, and commercialization stages, but te-food past these stages. there market for the product, it's working, scalable, and the company makes profit. the next step for growth. solution bring better world te-food more than just business. for us, it's mission. aim expand the social impacts te-food billions people emerging countries. token sale fact sheet token name tfd token symbol tfd type erc utility token tfd represents the identity and information data tracked items. supply chain members can pay with tokens for transactional fees, and value added item information. consumers are paid for using the consumer mobile app and read food product codes, and can buy quality analysis services. total token supply ,,, tfd tokens for sale tfd total) list price coin tfd token sale volume $,, token release tokens will transferred during the public sale for contributors with successful kyc process. tokens can used the te-food ecosystem immediately after release. public sale start end bonus bonus levels are based time intervals: accepted payment options week week week week eth allocation revenues detailing the allocation revenues serves informational purposes only, and intended ensure token sale contributors that the company will sustainable, and able provide the services they buy for long term. market expansion since te-food traceability solution ready and working, use most the revenues acquire new markets. the sales and implementation whole-chain traceability system requires number professionals work together for months. our primary markets are emerging countries, which represent the world's population and its gdp. already have ongoing negotiations with potential customers and implementation partners cambodia, malaysia, laos, and south-africa. according the financial plan, the revenues cover the costs expansion several additional countries. separate operational costs the and local companies target countries, counted all costs local offices and teams this package. market expansion costs contain marketing, sales, and implementation costs well. marketing: exhibitions, conferences, articles, targeted ads, marketing materials sales: business trips partners and potential clients implementation: local presence target countries research development separate funds realize our r&d roadmap with wide spectrum synergistic tools for modern supply chain. contains all technical costs (e.g. server rental) and salaries. calculated all technical costs (e.g. server rental) and salaries this pool. operations operational costs the enable all professionals focus their tasks. office rental overhead communications bookkeeping supporting personnel salaries legal comply with the regulations, our operation needs continuous legal help from professional lawyers. release revenues ready solution, tfds are immediately usable after the token sale buy services te-food. therefore, token sale revenues are not held multisignature escrow wallet, and immediately accessible for te-food international. token distribution token sale (public circulation) the tokens will sold the community during the public sale. marketing pool remunerate the proof-of-care, bounty, marketing campaign participants and partners with the tokens. lockout period: lockout general reserve allocate the tokens general reserve. lockout period: two years lockout releasing after the first year. unsold tokens will put into the general reserve and will sold the tfd market during future token sale until public token pool reaches million tokens. legal disclaimer t&cs this document does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort; and not intended constitute offer securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment, solicitation for any form investment any jurisdiction. not solicitation for investment and does not any way pertain offering securities the united states america, ofac sanction countries and the people's republic china, and citizens, persons domiciled in, residents countries the laws which prohibit conflict with the token sale (as defined the te-food whitepaper) are expressly excluded from contributing exchange for any te-food tokens the token sale. this document constitutes description the te-food platform and the functionality the te-food tokens; for informational purposes only and may change the te-food technology develops over time. disclaimer: this website for information purposes only. te-food and all affiliated and related companies not guarantee the accuracy the conclusions reached this website provided "as is" with representations and warranties, express implied, whatsoever, including, but not limited to: (i) warranties merchantability, fitness for particular purpose, title non-infringement; (ii) that the contents this website are free from error suitable for any purpose; and (iii) that such contents will not infringe third-party rights. all warranties are expressly disclaimed. te-food and its affiliates expressly disclaim all liability for and damages any kind arising out the use, reference to, reliance any information contained this website, even advised the possibility such damages. event will te-food, its affiliates liable any person entity for any direct, indirect, special consequential damages for the use of, reference to, reliance this website any the content contained herein. recipients are specifically notified follows: offer securities: te-food tokens (as described the te-food whitepaper) not intended constitute securities any jurisdiction.