september for immediate release telcoin announces investment mixi co-founder and east ventures new cryptocurrency seeks empower the unbanked, drive mass adoption digital tokens via telecom partnerships tokyo, japan telcoin, new cryptocurrency promoting financial inclusion through telecommunications industry partnerships, today announced support from east ventures managing partner and mixi co-founder batara eto. mr. eto served co-founder and cto mixi from mixi began japan's first social network, predecessor facebook likened localized version myspace, before pivoting mobile gaming. the company went public the tokyo stock exchange mr. eto co-founded east ventures, early-stage venture capital firm jointly based singapore, jakarta, and tokyo. the firm has invested more than seed and early-stage startups across asia, including mercari, tokopedia, and traveloka. mr. eto will invest telcoin's initial coin offering (ico), slated for october east ventures will also directly invest telcoin pte ltd. "there are lot icos getting funded these days, but telcoin strikes being one the few provide realistic business case," batara said. "they have solid team working something that can transform people's lives." telcoin co-founder and ceo claude eguienta added, "we have the wild ambition bring financial inclusion billions people, and with the unique experience successful founder and investor, batara will clearly add value telcoin." about telcoin pte ltd: telcoin pte ltd based singapore, with diverse team operating out tokyo, japan. the company's eponymous cryptocurrency, telcoin, based the popular ethereum blockchain. will issued national telecom operators and sold subscribers, allowing used anyone with without bank account. telcoin's inception comes from the glaring disparity between access financial services versus access telecom services. according the world bank, only billion people have access bank account with payment capabilities. the other hand, gsma data indicates that there are approximately billion unique mobile phone subscribers figure that growing steadily. partnering with telcoin, mobile operators will have the opportunity open the floodgates financial inclusion unbanked and underbanked customers worldwide. telcoin will easy access and spend existing mobile money, and will protected net telecom security and compliance. the team envisions complement existing mobile money and, the near future, mainstream driver cryptocurrency adoption large. the telcoin team comes from wide range backgrounds, including telecommunications, security, anti-fraud, corporate marketing, mass media, and finance. about east ventures: east ventures aims bring success ventures providing early stage seed capital promising startups. with total five offices jakarta, tokyo, and san francisco, our global team has invested over companies across asia and the us. our portfolio companies focuses commerce, social, gaming, saas, and mobile services. our investment team consists experienced professionals that allow provide strong network across asia. http://www.worldbank.org/en/programs/globalfindex https://www.gsma.com/mobileeconomy/archive/gsma_me_.pdf east ventures actively involved community development through its coworking spaces called hive jakarta and tangerang (indonesia), and hive shibuya tokyo (japan). for additional information please contact press@telco.in telcoin's community manager: christopher rizanow press@telco.in view the telcoin press kit and whitepaper www.telco.in ###