payment platform whitepaper final version: june important notice please read this section and the following sections entitled "disclaimer liability", "no representations and warranties", "representations and warranties you", "cautionary note forward-looking statements", "market and industry information and consent other persons", "no advice", "no further information update", "restrictions distribution and dissemination", "no offer securities registration" and "risks and uncertainties" carefully. you are any doubt the action you should take, you should consult your legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s). the pay tokens are not intended constitute securities any jurisdiction. this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. this whitepaper does not constitute form part any opinion any advice sell, any solicitation any offer the distributor/vendor the pay tokens (the "distributor") purchase any pay tokens nor shall any part nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. the distributor will affiliate tenx pte. ltd. ("tenx"), and will deploy all proceeds sale the pay tokens fund tenx's cryptocurrency project, businesses and operations. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment relation the sale and purchase the pay tokens and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper. any agreement between the distributor and you purchaser, and relation any sale and purchase, pay tokens (as referred this whitepaper) governed only separate document setting out the terms and conditions (the "t&cs") such agreement. the event any inconsistencies between the t&cs and this whitepaper, the former shall prevail. copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech you are not eligible and you are not purchase any pay tokens the tenx initial token sale (as referred this whitepaper) you are citizen, resident (tax otherwise) green card holder the united states america citizen resident the republic singapore. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. there are risks and uncertainties associated with tenx and/or the distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the pay tokens, the tenx initial token sale and the tenx wallet (each referred this whitepaper). this whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not taken transmitted any country where distribution dissemination this whitepaper prohibited restricted. part this whitepaper reproduced, distributed disseminated without including this section and the following sections entitled "disclaimer liability", "no representations and warranties", "representations and warranties you", "cautionary note forward-looking statements", "market and industry information and consent other persons", "terms used", "no advice", "no further information update", "restrictions distribution and dissemination", "no offer securities registration" and "risks and uncertainties". disclaimer liability the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations and rules, tenx and/or the distributor shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you. representations and warranties tenx and/or the distributor does not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this whitepaper. copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech representations and warranties you accessing and/or accepting possession any information this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be), you represent and warrant tenx and/or the distributor follows: (a) you agree and acknowledge that the pay tokens not constitute securities any form any jurisdiction; (b) you agree and acknowledge that this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any jurisdiction solicitation for investment securities and you are not bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper; (c) you agree and acknowledge that regulatory authority has examined approved the information set out this whitepaper, action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with; (d) you agree and acknowledge that this whitepaper, the undertaking and/or the completion the tenx initial token sale, future trading the pay tokens any cryptocurrency exchange, shall not construed, interpreted deemed you indication the merits the tenx and/or the distributor, the pay tokens, the tenx initial token sale and the tenx wallet (each referred this whitepaper); (e) the distribution dissemination this whitepaper, any part thereof any copy thereof, acceptance the same you, not prohibited restricted the applicable laws, regulations rules your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions relation possession are applicable, you have observed and complied with all such restrictions your own expense and without liability tenx and/or the distributor; (f) you agree and acknowledge that the case where you wish purchase any pay tokens, the pay tokens are not construed, interpreted, classified treated as: copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech (i) any kind currency other than cryptocurrency; (ii) debentures, stocks shares issued any person entity (whether tenx and/or the distributor) (i) rights, options derivatives respect such debentures, stocks shares; (ii) rights under contract for differences under any other contract the purpose pretended purpose which secure profit avoid loss; (iii) units collective investment scheme; (iv) units business trust; (v) derivatives units business trust; (vi) any other security class securities. (g) you are fully aware and understand that you are not eligible purchase any pay tokens you are citizen, resident (tax otherwise) green card holder the united states america citizen resident the republic singapore; (h) you have basic degree understanding the operation, functionality, usage, storage, transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology; (i) you are fully aware and understand that the case where you wish purchase any pay tokens, there are risks associated with tenx and the distributor and their respective business and operations, the pay tokens, the tenx initial token sale and the tenx wallet (each referred the whitepaper); (j) you agree and acknowledge that neither tenx nor the distributor liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you; and copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech (k) all the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and nonmisleading from the time your access and/or acceptance possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be). cautionary note forward-looking statements all statements contained this whitepaper, statements made press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made tenx and/or the distributor their respective directors, executive officers employees acting behalf tenx the distributor (as the case may be), that are not statements historical fact, constitute "forwardlooking statements". some these statements can identified forward-looking terms such "aim", "target", "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "if", "intend", "may", "plan", "possible", "probable", "project", "should", "would", "will" other similar terms. however, these terms are not the exclusive means identifying forward-looking statements. all statements regarding tenx's and/or the distributor's financial position, business strategies, plans and prospects and the future prospects the industry which tenx and/or the distributor are forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements, including but not limited statements tenx's and/or the distributor's revenue and profitability, prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters discussed this whitepaper regarding tenx and/or the distributor are matters that are not historic facts, but only predictions. these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements tenx and/or the distributor materially different from any future results, performance achievements expected, expressed implied such forward-looking statements. these factors include, amongst others: (a) changes political, social, economic and stock cryptocurrency market conditions, and the regulatory environment the countries which tenx and/or the distributor conducts its respective businesses and operations; (b) the risk that tenx and/or the distributor may unable execute implement their respective business strategies and future plans; (c) changes interest rates and exchange rates fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies; copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech (d) changes the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth tenx and/or the distributor; (e) changes the availability and fees payable tenx and/or the distributor connection with their respective businesses and operations; (f) changes the availability and salaries employees who are required tenx and/or the distributor operate their respective businesses and operations; (g) changes preferences customers tenx and/or the distributor; (h) changes competitive conditions under which tenx and/or the distributor operate, and the ability tenx and/or the distributor compete under such conditions; (i) changes the future capital needs tenx and/or the distributor and the availability financing and capital fund such needs; (j) war acts international domestic terrorism; (k) occurrences catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts god that affect the businesses and/or operations tenx and/or the distributor; (l) other factors beyond the control tenx and/or the distributor; and (m) any risk and uncertainties associated with tenx and/or the distributor and their businesses and operations, the pay tokens, the tenx initial token sale and the tenx wallet (each referred the whitepaper). all forward-looking statements made attributable tenx and/or the distributor persons acting behalf tenx and/or the distributor are expressly qualified their entirety such factors. given that risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements tenx and/or the distributor materially different from that expected, expressed implied the forward-looking statements this whitepaper, undue reliance must not placed these statements. these forward-looking statements are applicable only the date this whitepaper. neither tenx, the distributor nor any other person represents, warrants and/or undertakes that the actual future results, performance achievements tenx and/or the distributor will discussed those forward-looking statements. the actual results, performance achievements tenx and/or the distributor may differ materially from those anticipated these forwardlooking statements. copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech nothing contained this whitepaper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance policies tenx and/or the distributor. further, tenx and/or the distributor disclaim any responsibility update any those forwardlooking statements publicly announce any revisions those forward-looking statements reflect future developments, events circumstances, even new information becomes available other events occur the future. market and industry information and consent other persons this whitepaper includes market and industry information and forecasts that have been obtained from internal surveys, reports and studies, where appropriate, well market research, publicly available information and industry publications. such surveys, reports, studies, market research, publicly available information and publications generally state that the information that they contain has been obtained from sources believed reliable, but there can assurance the accuracy completeness such included information. save for tenx, the distributor and their respective directors, executive officers and employees, person has provided his her consent the inclusion his her name and/or other information attributed perceived attributed such person connection therewith this whitepaper and representation, warranty undertaking purported provided the accuracy completeness such information such person and such persons shall not obliged provide any updates the same. while tenx and/or the distributor have taken reasonable actions ensure that the information extracted accurately and its proper context, tenx and/or the distributor have not conducted any independent review the information extracted from third party sources, verified the accuracy completeness such information ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon therein. consequently, neither tenx, the distributor, nor their respective directors, executive officers and employees acting their behalf makes any representation warranty the accuracy completeness such information and shall not obliged provide any updates the same. copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech terms used facilitate better understanding the pay tokens being offered for purchase the distributor, and the businesses and operations tenx and/or the distributor, certain technical terms and abbreviations, well as, certain instances, their descriptions, have been used this whitepaper. these descriptions and assigned meanings should not treated being definitive their meanings and may not correspond standard industry meanings usage. words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice versa and words importing the masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine and neuter genders and vice versa. references persons shall include corporations. advice information this whitepaper should considered business, legal, financial tax advice regarding tenx, the distributor, the pay tokens, the tenx initial token sale and the tenx wallet (each referred the whitepaper). you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional adviser regarding tenx and/or the distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the pay tokens, the tenx initial token sale and the tenx wallet (each referred the whitepaper). you should aware that you may required bear the financial risk any purchase pay tokens for indefinite period time. further information update person has been authorised give any information representation not contained this whitepaper connection with tenx and/or the distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the pay tokens, the tenx initial token sale and the tenx wallet (each referred the whitepaper) and, given, such information representation must not relied upon having been authorised behalf tenx and/or the distributor. the tenx initial token sale (as referred the whitepaper) shall not, under any circumstances, constitute continuing representation create any suggestion implication that there has been change, development reasonably likely involve material change the affairs, conditions and prospects tenx and/or the distributor any statement fact information contained this whitepaper since the date hereof. copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech restrictions distribution and dissemination the distribution dissemination this whitepaper any part thereof may prohibited restricted the laws, regulatory requirements and rules any jurisdiction. the case where any restriction applies, you are inform yourself about, and observe, any restrictions which are applicable your possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be) your own expense and without liability tenx and/or the distributor. persons whom copy this whitepaper has been distributed disseminated, provided access who otherwise have the whitepaper their possession shall not circulate any other persons, reproduce otherwise distribute this whitepaper any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit cause the same occur. offer securities registration this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper. any agreement relation any sale and purchase pay tokens (as referred this whitepaper) governed only the t&cs such agreement and other document. the event any inconsistencies between the t&cs and this whitepaper, the former shall prevail. you are not eligible purchase any pay tokens the tenx initial token sale (as referred this whitepaper) you are citizen, resident (tax otherwise) green card holder the united states america citizen resident the republic singapore. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech risks and uncertainties prospective purchasers pay tokens (as referred this whitepaper) should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with tenx, the distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the pay tokens, the tenx initial token sale and the tenx wallet (each referred the whitepaper), all information set out this whitepaper and the t&cs prior any purchase pay tokens. any such risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business, financial condition, results operations and prospects tenx and/or the distributor could materially and adversely affected. such cases, you may lose all part the value the pay tokens. copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech tenx "at tenx work making any blockchain asset spendable instantly" what tenx when the co-founders tenx got together start this company, was our vision have assets the blockchain not only available industry insiders, but rather something that can used any individual user the "real world". additionally, with the emergence more and more different tokens, growing number users and businesses truly struggle leverage the existing infrastructure make this interconnectedness physical and virtual platforms become reality. tenx, strive offer the user access large possible range blockchain assets maximum degree convenience, while adhering the highest security standards the ecosystem. are able this connecting blockchains, leveraging the comit network, including the comit routing protocol and the cross-chain payment channels, which works completely trustless, instantaneous and low-cost manner. for further information the comit network, including the comit routing protocol and the cross-chain payment channels, please refer the whitepaper respect thereof, accessible http://www.comit.network/doc/comit%white%paper%v...pdf. copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech the end-user, offer the tenx card, debit (and, time come, credit) card, with accompanying tenx wallet, mobile wallet that can funded not only with bitcoin (btc), ether (eth), and dash (dash) currently possible, but also with virtually any blockchain asset time come. tenx payment facilities which include the physical and virtual debit card can used almost countries over million points acceptance today. this possible have card issuance partnerships with major credit card companies. moreover, users and businesses can exchange their blockchain assets seamlessly from one user another decentralized manner, removing any risk that usually associated with current centralized solutions. company background when founded our company mid-, chose singapore our main base. these were the main considerations had: singapore major and globally recognized financial hub the monetary authority singapore (mas) is, our view, open the development start-ups the fintech industry southeast asia market with huge growth potential according the world bank group, the population still underbanked southeast asia, china and india singapore globally connected and recognized, which would greatly assist business development and expansion europe and the americas the information derived from the website the world bank group http://documents.worldbank.org/curated/en//pdf/wps.pdf#page=, accessed june the world bank group has not provided its consent the inclusion the information this whitepaper. while tenx and the distributor have taken reasonable actions ensure that the information extracted accurately and fairly from such reports and/or publication, and has been included this whitepaper its proper form and context, neither tenx, the distributor nor any party has conducted independent review the information contained such reports nor verified the accuracy the contents the relevant information. copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech the tenx team toby hoenisch michael sperk paul kittiwong julian hosp ceo cto coo cvo chris miess warren goh bettina schmidt tuhina singh u-zyn chua cfo product user experience business operation, cho blockchain developer blockchain developer selected tenx investors vitalik buterin shen david lee founder ethereum foundation partner fenbushi capital managing partner fenbushi capital angel investor and fintech professor singapore management university copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech the tenx wallet the tenx wallet the major game changer enables users spend their blockchain assets through their smartphone physical debit card over million points acceptance online and offline. the tenx app (called the tenx blockchain asset wallet) downloadable for free android and aim launch the webapp and ios versions from july and august respectively (with the specific launch dates being subject achievement the relevant milestones the tenx initial token sale, explained below). once the user has downloaded the tenx app, simply enters his phone number and email address set account. copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech multi-currency wallet will created automatically, which the user can then fund with different cryptocurrencies. the private key each tenx wallet currently secured via industry-standard hot cold storage solution. the end will directly link the tenx wallet the comit network, thereby allowing users store their own private keys. the cryptocurrencies not need converted fiat money until actual transaction happens, which case such conversion will conducted real-time. the user can choose between different blockchain assets source payment within the tenx app. further, the user can conveniently convert wide range blockchain assets such btc, eth and dash from one another simply using his tenx wallet. copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech the user can choose order tenx card, virtual and/or physical debit (and time come, credit) card, directly within the tenx app. security measure, allow user lock and unlock his card through the tenx app. this makes our system more secure than traditional credit and debit card systems. the user can withdraw his blockchain assets and transfer them another cryptocurrency wallet without incurring any fees for such transfer any time. product advantages multi-asset (any blockchain asset compatible with and accepted the tenx wallet) assets stay cryptocurrency best available foreign exchange and transaction fees (with other charges) decentralized and trustless storage global access million points acceptance online and offline close countries any user from non-us countries can sign now (sign-ups the follow the end users earn reward for every purchase they make. this incentive will transferred the user form pay tokens initially monthly basis, which additionally gives them the opportunity become token holders and further benefit from potential value upside the tokens (see the section below entitled "tenx initial token sale" for further details). going forward, tenx aims distribute the reward more frequently, with target reward distribution hourly basis copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech fees comparison table physical card issuing fee (incl. shipping tracking) virtual card issuing fee tenx wirex xapo tokencard not applicable not applicable not applicable free physical card annual fee spend less than $/year) virtual card annual fee spend less than $/year) n/a domestic exchange fee foreign exchange fee free copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech product comparison table tenx wirex xapo monaco tokencard bitcoin, ethereum, dash and more bitcoin bitcoin, ethereum ethereum fund security hosted wallet and smart contract (with planned integration with the comit network hosted wallet hosted wallet smart contract double spend risk safe safe safe risky and live live not applicable not applicable full control control little control partial control yes every purchase none none none free free domestic only blockchain support issuer(s) status user's fund security control open platform card holder incentives card holder transaction fees copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech status quo tenx status tenx may driven talented team developers, designers, lawyers, marketing experts, cryptography and security experts, well bankers and accountants lay the base for exponential growth developed the tenx wallet allow for instant multi-asset transactions and payments global debit (and, time come, credit) card partnerships allow for instant payments accepted over million merchants worldwide and payments directly with your blockchain assets leveraging rapidly growing global cyptocurrency user-base million users the and the user-base the traditional financial world. additionally, there are millions potential users that are currently unbanked successfully completed usd million seed round from highly respected investors (crunchbase) march backed highly experienced investors such vitalik buterin (creator the ethereum foundation), david lee (fintech professor singapore management university), shen (partner fenbushi capital) and many others guide our journey excellent industry support selected join the paypal incubator program singapore, giving access highly valuable legal and commercial support current status the tenx wallet may the information derived from the website newsbtc http://www.newsbtc.com////three-millioncryptocurrency-users/, accessed june newsbtc has not provided its consent the inclusion the information this whitepaper. while tenx and the distributor have taken reasonable actions ensure that the information extracted accurately and fairly from such reports and/or publication, and has been included this whitepaper its proper form and context, neither tenx, the distributor nor any party has conducted independent review the information contained such reports nor verified the accuracy the contents the relevant information. the information derived from the website tech asia https://www.techinasia.com/paypal-incubatorstartups-first-cohort, accessed june tech asia has not provided its consent the inclusion the information this whitepaper. while tenx and the distributor have taken reasonable actions ensure that the information extracted accurately and fairly from such reports and/or publication, and has been included this whitepaper its proper form and context, neither tenx, the distributor nor any party has conducted independent review the information contained such reports nor verified the accuracy the contents the relevant information. copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech active product that has been live since the beginning beta test successfully completed with users singapore used for transactions over usd spending volume during the beta test bitcoin, ethereum (including erc support) and dash integrated international roll-out all major countries except for the us. the expansion the market will follow the end webapp roll-out july and ios roll-out august (with the specific launch dates being subject achievement the relevant milestones the tenx initial token sale, explained below) successful transactions carried out over countries comit integration welcome feedback from blockchain and tech-savvy readers this part the whitepaper. payment flow tenx card holders can use any blockchain asset buy products and services any over million merchants that accept global credit cards. use cross-chain payment channels the comit network allow the user settle incoming payment requests from the credit card networks real-time. the following illustration how payment made real-time from user's tenx wallet and settled the credit card network user pays the merchant using his virtual physical tenx card the card network will send authorization request our servers for the purchase amount tenx will send invoice through the comit network the user the user will then choose which blockchain asset use for the payment and send the correct amount tenx through the comit network upon receiving the corresponding amount for the invoice, tenx will authorize the payment the merchant copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech allow for real-time transactions, the user will need configure his tenx wallet with his preferred default blockchain asset the payment source and set spending limit. this only takes seconds and the user retains full control over his funds any given time. fee disbursement flow for every card transaction merchant accepts, the merchant pays .-% the form merchant discount fee. this fee then split among his bank, also called the acquiring bank, the card scheme and the issuing bank. the fee that paid the issuing bank called the interchange fee. traditionally this fee plain profit for the issuer, but often also used give rewards the user form air miles similar benefits. tenx, reward our users with pay tokens every purchase allow them become token holder. subsequently, pay token holders will receive incentive the entire payment volume the tenx payment platform initially monthly basis. tenx aims distribute the reward shorter periods time the future, with target hourly reward distribution. copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech cross-chain payment channel comit network use cross-chain payment channels and the comit routing protocol allow our users use their blockchain assets real-time the real world. tenx will the first liquidity provider the network offer real-world payments. using the comit routing protocol, user can use any blockchain asset for his payments. for further information the comit network, including the comit routing protocol and the cross-chain payment channels, please refer the whitepaper respect thereof, accessible http://www.comit.network/doc/comit%white%paper%v...pdf. why build top comit? similar the way the internet added value enabling connectivity between local intranets, the comit network adds value individual blockchains creating connectivity between them. the comit network the internet blockchains. comit therefore, will not have created any individual entity. instead, will automatically operate the ecosystem will strive connect separate blockchains. copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech this how the features the comit network compares those other transaction solutions: traditional banks online banks blockchains comit fees high medium low near zero speed slow fast fast instant security trust-based trust-based cryptographic cryptographic control centralized centralized decentralized decentralized accessibility low low medium high interoperability low low medium high flexibility low low medium high business profitability low low medium high spurring growth low low medium high scalability low medium low high with this vision mind, have developed our company tenx leverage the advantages the comit network. timeline preview overview date event may idea tenx pitched dbs blockchain hackathon, awarded first prize sgd invested the money starting tenx june tenx officially incorporated singapore (previously named onepay) july startup boot camp fintech accelerator (eir) copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech august first mvp (minimum viable product) the tenx wallet february angel round with usd invested july admission the paypal incubation programme august card issuing partnership signed (m) september alpha version tenx wallet goes live rebranded tenx ocotober bitcoin added the first blockchain asset january comit whitepaper released february closed beta test with users generating approximately sgd transaction volume march seed round led fenbushi capital over usd million raised vitalik buterin joins advising investor april registration open for singaporean users may eth and dash added additional assets compatible with tenx wallet joined finnish start-up sauna for european strategy june more card issuing partnership signed (v) registration open for users worldwide (with few exceptions) june singapore time/ munich time/ new york time/ london time commencement tenx initial token sale copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech tenx initial token sale what initial token sale? initial token sale (its) event which new cryptocurrency project sells part its cryptocurrency tokens early adopters and enthusiasts exchange for funding. for the party offering the tokens for sale, this has become well-documented and well-respected way raise funds upscale existing product service. the sale the distributor pay tokens connection with initial token sale (the "tenx initial token sale") you purchaser thereof, will subject and governed the t&cs which separate document setting out the terms and conditions the agreement between the distributor and you relation the tenx initial token sale. the event any inconsistencies between the t&cs and this whitepaper, the former shall prevail. the distributor will affiliate tenx, and will deploy all proceeds sale pay tokens connection with the tenx initial token sale fund tenx's cryptocurrency project, businesses and operations. unless the context requires otherwise, references "we" "us" connection with the tenx initial token sale shall construed references the distributor. the tenx initial token sale hereby announced on: june singapore time (utc+)/ munich time/ new york time/ london time official website www.tenx.tech copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech why initial token sale? even though tenx already has live, multi-asset cryptocurrency wallet with the tenx wallet, the leap forward with integration with the comit network anticipated more than just straight-line progression. bringing developers, marketing personnel, legal team, designers and many other talented people board will require additional funds. offering initial token sale instead traditional venture capital round enables the community participate tenx's success story, rather than limiting small, selected number traditional venture capital funds. furthermore, giving pay tokens users the tenx wallet and the tenx card, whenever they use the tenx card, they will benefit from tenx's future success. initial token sale fast, transparent and efficient for exactly this purpose. general token sale overview june starting singapore time (see the applicable commencement times more timezones above), will offer all pay tokens created for purchase the public the tenx initial token sale under the ticker symbol pay. further all pay tokens created will retained tenx and/or the distributor for distribution for community initiatives, business development, academic research, education and market expansion, name just few. the remaining pay tokens created will distributed tenx's founders, employees and early investors incentive ensure long term alignment interests and commitment the tokens and their future value. further details the distribution tokens are set out below. each pay token will sold for eth, meaning eth will give you pay tokens. other accepted cryptocurrencies will converted live eth. there minimum purchase amount pay tokens per purchase. will accept maximum (fixed limit) eth, for purchase pay tokens the tenx initial token sale. the pay tokens created for such maximum amount contributed will turn represent all pay tokens. should this amount reached before the end the sale july .pm singapore time (utc+), which weeks after the token sale commencement date, will cut off the sale. the case amount contribution falling below such maximum amount, the percentage all tokens will adjusted accordingly, with the difference between such lower amount and the maximum amount being reserved for future token sales. copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech holders pay tokens will receive the aggregate payment volume that spent all users with the tenx card monthly basis initially. the payments the token holders will paid eth (ether), the closest equivalent thereof the case where eth replaced another cryptocurrency the future. going forward, tenx will strive distribute the rewards shorter time periods, with target hourly reward distribution. users the tenx card will receive from each transaction they make with the tenx card initially monthly basis, incentive the form pay tokens (similar how users are rewarded with air-miles other forms cash back kind for usage existing cards today). this incentive for users the tenx card will have great benefit existing token holders since this recurring redistribution tokens will create additional demand for tokens the market. this additional reward for users the form pay tokens bought the open market and will create price support. please note that will not create any new pay tokens after the tenx initial token sale. important milestones based different amounts funding received connection with the tenx initial token sale the fund raising connection with the tenx initial token sale reaches minimum least eth, tenx will able offer tenx's services soon mobile platforms addition android, including ios and webapp. further, envisaged that tenx will explore the development and operation multi-card platform expand blockchain assets spending coverage via further issuing partnerships with issuers such unionpay and american express, addition the current issuing partnerships already established. copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech moreover, funding this level would enable tenx add and support more and more different cryptocurrencies and tokens offer our users the opportunity use even wider variety cryptocurrencies real-world transactions. integrating more blockchain assets for compatibility with the tenx wallet will greatly benefit the user making more and more their tokens other blockchain assets spendable, easy spending bill. funds dedicated target reached ca. eth programming, testing and going live with the webapp including beta tests, stability tests, market and user analysis ca. eth programming, testing and going live with ios mobile application including beta test, stability tests, market and user analysis ca. eth identifying and acquiring different new credit and debit card issuing partnerships for tenx integrating the usage such new cards with the tenx wallet roll out multi-card strategy recruiting full-time support staff team going forward facilitate transactions services visa-vis the card partners and the card users ca. eth appointing and coordinating with external auditors certify the quality tenx's operations and internal controls connection with the tenx wallet the financial side, big firm, such deloitte pwc will provide ongoing monitoring our financial and accounting standards from security and perspective, tenx will hire best-in-class external auditor establish long term working relationship with them copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech the tenx initial token sale generates another eth, these funds will enable tenx ramp the development the comit network and tenx will able fully integrate with the tenx wallet the comit network very technically complicated and resource-intensive project. will take lot resources establish and finalise it, and will long way until live and operational. however, the comit network will fundamentally revolutionise the blockchain world. unprecedented manner, potentially connects different blockchains without introducing new hurdles and complications between them. the comit network will completely change the way the business conducted and how understand today's blockchain ecosystem. the comit network, plethora new applications, functions and services will built create quantum leap for the blockchain industry. funds dedicated comit network milestones timeline ca. eth development first public beta version ca. eth comprehensive security audit ca. eth production release, comit being fully functional and operational copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech with the next eth, tenx will able apply for banking license create even better user experience and gradually integrate fiat currencies into the tenx wallet and tenx card, alongside all the cryptocurrencies come. such banking licence will give tenx and token holders the benefit significant increases revenues from interchange fees and improved control over card fees, card limits, royalty fees well loyalty points programmes such airlines. obtaining banking licence strategic trojan horse into the fiat currency world, and convince late adopters and late majority users begin using cryptocurrencies. tenx intends offer normal fiat deposits, which will fully insured governments different jurisdictions. tenx will able issue fiat currency-linked tokens the blockchain for all users and will fully backed state guarantees. this will allow tenx become major systemic hub and one the most important financial institutions connecting blockchain assets and the fiat currency world. wide variety institutions ranging from exchanges blockchain businesses can benefit from tenx bridge between these two worlds. the one the most important financial markets, which requires dedication legal and compliance resources. the capital raised will help tenx build global coverage unlike any other company. funds dedicated target reached ca. eth recruiting specialised banking team driving the tenx bank initiative forward the long run ca. eth establishing working dialogues with, copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech consulting regulatory authorities around the world appointing and coordinating with external auditors implement best practices facilitate application for banking license membership non-governmental organisations and governing bodies crossborder banking regulation ca. eth applying for banking licences different countries across the globe, noting that legal and compliance fees are different each country financial and fully-operational teams might needed ca. eth applying for banking licence the us, noting that compliance the likely more resource-intensive compared other countries start decentralized exchange require liquidity, payments received which are above eth will used liquidity for the comit network. any successful exchange requires liquidity commence and maintain operations. this will allow the comit network have best class liquidity and spread. only with that foundation can attract more users and therefore more transaction volume. the more diversified the range cryptocurrencies and tokens which the distributor can accept payment the tenx initial token sale, the more liquidity there will for the comit network. copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech funds dedicated target reached ca. eth this liquidity equal the current shapeshift daily volume. the comit network will able provide sustainable liquidity considering even uni-directional market. however, with bi-directional market, this liquidity can sustain more than eth daily volume with potentially the lowest spread the market. tenx initial token sale summary project description tenx aims make any blockchain asset spendable instantly the future tenx wallet description the tenx wallet multi-asset cryptocurrency wallet that can used with debit (or, time come, credit) card worldwide ticker symbol pay token background pay built erc token the ethereum blockchain start date june singapore time (utc+)/ munich time/ new york time/ london time end date july .pm singapore time (utc+) .pm munich time/ .am new york time/ .pm london copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech weeks after the token sale commencement date) pay token price pay token equals eth eth will buy pay tokens) total percentage all pay tokens for public, comprising (a) and (b) below (a) percentage all pay tokens for tenx initial token sale (b) percentage all pay tokens for community initiatives etc percentage all pay tokens for long-term alignment interests target amount sold (fixed limit) eth worth pay tokens project status live product escrow funds funds secured multi-signature escrow account token holder reward entire payment volume spent through tenx wallet card user incentive user's individual transactions early bird bonus token purchase amount accepted cryptocurrencies for the its ethereum (eth), bitcoin (btc), erc tokens and many more (for the full list accepted cryptocurrencies, please refer our website https://tokensale.tenx.tech/) copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech overview token structure the distributor will offer all pay tokens created for purchase the public the tenx initial token sale while further the pay tokens created will retained tenx and/or the distributor distributed for purposes including community initiatives, business development, academic research, education and market expansion. the distributor considers this testament the fact that tenx wants open and inclusive the community large, which tenx perceives tenx's most valuable asset. the distributor considers strong signal trust tenx the community owns more than half the pay tokens from the very beginning. the same time, tenx feels that essential that the interests tenx aligned with those the ecosystem the long-term. order able support long term growth sustainable way, founders, early backers and the development team tenx will rewarded with the remaining tokens exchange for their efforts and resources contributed the development the tenx wallet and the comit network. percentage tokens (the tenx initial token sale and purposes including community initiatives, business development, academic research, education and market expansion) i.i) percentage tokens for the tenx initial token sale i.ii) percentage tokens for purposes including community initiatives, business development, academic research, education and market expansion ii) percentage tokens for founders, early backers and the development team for long term alignment interests copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech detailed breakdown token structure all tokens will distributed the public the long run (for the tenx initial token sale, community initiatives, etc.) this will ensure long term growth the tenx wallet and the pay tokens, and will support development the ecosystem whole. the team tenx believes inclusivity and that the whole greater than the sum its parts. i.i) all tokens will distributed during the tenx initial token sale the funds raised will used finance the operations tenx for the next years. this includes funding development, administration, marketing, financial and legal costs. i.ii) all tokens will distributed for community initiatives etc. during the next years, all tokens will distributed for community initiatives, business development, academic research, education and market expansion. this budget will securely held publically viewable cryptocurrency wallets and are subject scrutiny the entire community. business development order incentivize the adoption pay tokens and comit technology well promote the development decentralized applications which are the infancy stage, the total pay tokens will dedicated selected industries and projects. this includes funding strategic planning, project support and coin swap initiatives detailed below. will used facilitate the adoption the pay tokens and the comit network selected industries such financial services, supply chain management, social media, internet things (iot) and artificial intelligence will used for coin swaps pay tokens with cryptocurrencies other blockchain open-source ecosystems. the cryptocurrencies acquired this way will distributed among pay token holders and stakeholders academic research, education, and market expansion this part the token supply will used sponsor academic research, educational materials for developers, well promotion the comit network and the sharing technologies and contributions with open-source communities. some the planned activities include: copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech establishing research labs cooperation with high profile universities creating tutorials and educational materials for comit network developers using different blockchains such ethereum and bitcoin cooperating with other open-source communities such docker, linux, android integrate comit network libraries into existing developer stacks default organising events and conferences raise the awareness the comit network technology and facilitate market adoption ii) all tokens will distributed amongst founders, early backers and development team founders, early backers and development team will rewarded with tokens for their efforts and resources contributed the development pay tokens and tenx. will reserved asset the company bring value early investors. tenx received over usd million from range notable blockchain investors and entrepreneurs, some which are listed below: vitalik buterin, founder ethereum foundation shen, fenbushi capital managing partner david lee, professor founder ferrell asset management pte ltd will used tenx incentivise founders, employees and the development team. each tenx founder and employee will receive part their compensation package pay tokens, which will vest over years. copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech tenx initial token sale bonus schedule one eth will give you pay tokens. that means that one pay token worth eth. there will extra tokens offered bonus for users who commit earlier (early-bird bonus). see the time table below for the exact bonus schedule. time available token bonus first day and day day day day day +.% final days bonus the bonus tokens will allocated top the regular tokens that you are purchasing. for example, you are planning buy tokens for eth within the first hours, you will receive tokens plus another tokens bonus (which represents your token purchase), tokens total. additionally, offer two extra "goodies": you buy eth more worth tokens, you will amongst the first recipients our new and highly exclusive limited edition tenx card, which will only issued the tenx initial token sale (subject availability). the tenx team will release timestamped list (based time purchase) after the tenx initial token sale well details the procedures for users order their cards http://tenx.tech. the cards can only delivered users who have made payment for the issuing fee and have indicated delivery addresses which are the list countries which deliver to, accordance with the information set out https://www.tenx.tech/fees.html. copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech limited edition: tenx special copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech you want part the super exclusive tenx token sale founders' team circle and you eth more worth tokens, you will receive the founders' edition tenx card, which will only issued the tenx initial token sale (subject availability). the tenx team will release timestamped list (based time purchase) after the tenx initial token sale well details the procedures for users order their cards http://tenx.tech. the cards can only delivered users who have made payment for the issuing fee and have indicated delivery addresses which are the list countries which deliver to, accordance with the information set out https://www.tenx.tech/fees.html. founder edition: tenx platinum copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech founder edition: tenx platinum case amount pay tokens purchased eth equivalent purchased exclusive card bonus pay tokens more eth more highly exclusive tenx debit card limited edition. only cards available worldwide. pay tokens more eth more super limited founders' edition tenx platinum card. only cards available worldwide. may include other extra surprise goodies. copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech tenx initial token sale timeline commencement tenx initial token sale june singapore time (utc+)/ munich time/ new york time/ london time hours bonus next days next days next days end tenx initial token sale july .pm singapore time (utc+) .pm munich time/ .am new york time/ .pm london weeks after the token sale commencement date) distribution pay tokens planned distribution starts days after the end the tenx initial token sale commencement trading planned trading commences august commencement transferability the first day trading funds escrow all payments received for pay tokens connection with the tenx initial token sale will held escrow multi-signature address, with multi key structure. keys this multisignature account will stay with tenx, fenbushi and ferrell asset management pte ltd. fenbushi one the most respected firms the ethereum ecosystem. ferrell asset management pte ltd mas-licensed multi-asset manager which has been operation for more than years, and was founded one our advisors, mr. david lee. copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech funding breakdown mentioned above, certain part the pay tokens will retained tenx and/or the distributor after the tenx initial token sale ensure the long-term alignment interests. important for tenx that the community understands how these funds will spent. the pie-chart below illustrates how such pay tokens that are retained tenx and/or the distributor after the conclusion the tenx initial token sale will allocated. integration the comit network: the comit network will the backbone operate the tenx wallet decentralised, instant and true multi-asset manner. the largest portion our funds will towards integrating our tenx app and the tenx wallet with the comit network marketing and sales: the tenx team driven some the best marketing experts our team. tenx will continue run its marketing efforts very lean, cost-efficient basis and keep user acquisition costs one the lowest the industry. for further details, please refer the section entitled "go-to market strategy" below multi-platform support: tenx will continuously support and introduce new features, user interfaces and language support for the tenx wallet ios, webapp and android development fund: small portion the funds will dedicated for strategic partnerships enhance the revenue stream for our pay token holders. this could be, for example, the form co-branding and co-marketing initiatives with other companies copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech administration and operations: tenx running very lean, cost-effective start-up and will continue the future. being the blockchain ecosystem and adhering the highest standards, there are some operational costs associated with accounting and administrative overheads take care the business processes needed for growing international business legal: one our primary focuses when starting this company early was establish solid legal foundation for tenx. have been direct contact with the mas, have built our in-house legal compliance team with the help paypal and are deeply connected singapore raise awareness for this amazing new technology the legal world. particular, tenx has engaged the legal services dentons rodyk davidson llp advise the tenx initial token sale based tenx's earlier successful usd million seed round, tenx confident complete successful series fundraising exercise the near future. depending whether the funding goal reached the tenx initial token sale, this can between months from now. tenx's opinion, the later tenx raises its series the higher its valuation will be. this will also have positive knock-on effect holders pay tokens. important notice once again: tenx and/or the distributor will not create any new pay tokens after the tenx initial token sale. copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech tenx initial token sale procedure participate the pay token sale, accept the following currencies: ethereum (eth) bitcoin (btc) erc tokens and many more (for the full list accepted cryptocurrencies, please refer our website https://tokensale.tenx.tech/) the tokens will delivered the purchaser after the purchase. transferability will start from the first day trading, which planned start anytime from august usage currencies for tenx super important inclusive many crypto-communities possible, tenx strongly believes that the whole greater than the sum its parts. for this reason, the distributor will strive offer the possibility allow contributions many different tokens and cryptocurrencies possible for the tenx initial token sale. the distributor's goal unite many different crypto-communities support tenx possible and provide them with platform spend their tokens and coins using our product. was lot work, but tenx has managed find secure ways accept such wide variety tokens and cryptocurrencies. additional incentive for the community, when equivalent eth respect cryptocurrencies tokens the tenx initial token sale has been received payments, tenx will dedicate our resources the integration such additional cryptocurrencies tokens such that they are accepted and compatible with the tenx card and tenx wallet allow you use such cryptocurrencies tokens for any payments with the tenx wallet. for example, receive equivalent eth more litecoins, will strive integrate litecoin for compatibility with the tenx wallet. copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech equivalent eth incentive contribution tokens and cryptocurrencies the equivalent value eth such cryptocurrency token will integrated the tenx wallet and the user will able spend directly via the tenx card for each token and cryptocurrency the list above, you will receive pay tokens exchange, just you bought them with ether bitcoin instead. the exchange rate that will used calculate this will based the rate the currency token you would like use vis-a-vis ethereum. for example, users buy pay tokens the equivalent value eth more zcash, tenx will integrate zcash its tenx wallet and users will able spend their tokens directly with the tenx card and the tenx app. illustration benefits following illustration benefits accruing the token holders. please bear mind that all numbers are assumptions based our best estimates. number users million average spend per user per month usd total annual spending volume through tenx wallet usd billion allocated revenue incentive (.%) usd million illustrative market cap usd million revenue incentive market cap per annum based recent observations the ecosystem, tenx perceives these numbers realistic rather than optimistic. benefits token holders are linearly associated with the number users and volume payments through the tenx wallet. this can calculated with the following formula: copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech number users: average spend per user per month: pay market cap: next steps date event july .pm singapore time (utc+) .pm munich time/ .am new york time/ .pm london conclusion the tenx initial token sale weeks after the token sale commencement date) july announcement partnerships with exchange rollout erc token support for pay tokens launch webapp version the tenx wallet august launch ios version the tenx app copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech september additional partnerships with exchanges and currencies for tenx wallet operational status decentralised secure smart contracts (dss) launch initial live version comit comprehensive testing and audits security the comit network full integration the comit network comit platform accessible developers onboarding other blockchain assets such exchange traded funds (etfs), derivatives and other investment products copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech go-to market strategy conclusion tenx believe that blockchain technologies and cryptocurrency payments are the way payments the future. order make such payments possible for all consumers with maximum convenience, aim connect the blockchains the background and offer the user easy-to-use interface has instant access any his blockchain assets. with the tenx initial token sale conducted the distributor, wide range individuals will have the opportunity participate our long-term growth and success story fundamentally change the world payments, transactions and banking. our ultimate vision for any asset any blockchain, real estate, gold cryptocurrency, spendable bill your pocket. part our success story and join the tenx initial token sale. are looking forward welcoming you on-board our journey into the future. copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech formerly acknowledgements would like thank anyone not directly mentioned this whitepaper supporting and assisting over all this time. also wish thank the entire blockchain community for laying the foundation over the past years. special thank you also goes out anyone involved with the lightning network for your groundbreaking research. copyright tenx pte ltd team@tenx.tech