teslacoil coin white paper coin:tesla version prepared first bitcoin capital corp. (c) abstract without doubt, crypto currencies have changed the financial sector. they have disrupted the dominance financial giants allowing investors opportunity transact with others securely and confidentially. however, volatility and liquidity are bottlenecks holding back the crypto currency market. the development the omni protocol seeks resolve these issues adding second layer the bitcoin blockchain. this increases liquidity and reduces the volatility both bitcoin and new currencies. teslacoil coin takes advantage these benefits offer truly second-generation crypto currency. the financial success the tesla testament that the omni protocol the future crypto currencies. introduction satoshi nakamoto's white paper was the first proposal for the use technology disrupt the financial monopoly banks and hedge funds the financial industry. the idea was simple: the creation single ledger that can record transaction information. this was the humble beginning crypto currency blockchain. few years, the first crypto currencies were created. even though the market uptake was initially slow, most investors have realized that crypto currencies offer them more than what non-digital currencies can do. the first crypto currency created longer required "trust" means proof. instead, relied cryptographic proof. this was complete game changer the financial industry. the cryptographic proof recorded the transaction between the two parties without the need for third party keeping the transaction books. instead, the transaction information stored digital ledger than duplicated all devices connected. this approach had numerous benefits. first, the lack intermediary reduced transaction costs considerably. there was longer need for third-party institutions oversee the transaction and transfer wealth. second, security was not guaranteed. traditional financial institutions are subject cyber-attacks phishers and hackers. these individuals gain access system for nefarious reasons. when this happens, millions can lost when the financial data changed. however, blockchain invulnerable such attacks because the information duplicated every device connected the network. the third reason the pseudo-anonymity crypto currencies. the blockchain does not record the names the individuals. instead, records the pseudo-name and the transaction. essentially, there accurate record the transaction, but the names the participants remain anonymous. fourth, there unrestricted transferability crypto currencies. the international monetary transactions greatly influence traditional currencies. however, crypto currencies can used without any regard the geographical location without experiencing change the value. problems despite the benefits that crypto currencies have over traditional currencies, many investors are unwilling store their wealth crypto currency coins. this can attributed several issues. one them the inadequate mass-market understanding blockchain. crypto currencies seem privy those with some basic understanding how blockchain works. this leaves large portion the global population unable understand invest the crypto currency market. this the main problem with crypto currencies. people tend fear what they cannot understand. another problem the volatility the crypto currency market. the market experienced some drastic price swings. sometimes this may favor the investor and other cases. may detrimental the investor. these price fluctuations "put off" investors that are afraid that their hard-earned money may lost during price drop. part the problem the frequent flash crashes that many crypto currencies have experienced. these price drops have stoked investor fears leading greater volatility. finally, there serious problem liquidity the crypto currency markets. the traditional financial markets are robust enough handle large transactions without any serious price fluctuations. however, the crypto currency market fluctuates greatly when transaction worth millions done. this lack liquidity the main reason why the market volatile. any large transactions are likely sway the market. the liquidity problem also the reason many flash crashes occur. these problems are the main factors that limit the uptake blockchain technology. worth adding that the decentralized nature crypto currencies has received "push back" from governments and international financial institutions that would prefer more regulated financial system. solutions different crypto currencies have tried address the liquidity and volatility problem different ways. some them have opted peg crypto currencies with real world currencies while others have tried pegging the crypto currency prices gold. assessing these potential solutions may reveal the best way deal with the issue. the effectiveness pegging crypto currency crypto currency pegging has been used many new crypto currency coins seeking carve out portion the market share. even though this possible, the current implementation has not been effective. many the crypto currencies pegged traditional currencies suffer the same volatility and liquidity issues. additionally, most countries not take kindly institutions stockpiling currency reserves. result, many pegged crypto currencies have experienced failures. the lack effectiveness can attributed two reasons. one the lack source code programming the trading value. many pegged crypto currencies that failed did not program the pegged value into their blockchain. instead, they relied traditional arbitration methods that eliminate the decentralization and anonymity that crypto currencies are based on. the second reason the inability back the crypto currency values with traditional currencies. whether gold currency, many governments have enacted laws and regulations that restrict stockpiling storage these currencies. example the gold act the united states that restricts individuals from storing their wealth gold without permission from the government. result, gold-pegged crypto currencies cannot formed america. additionally, governments are beginning attempt control existing crypto currencies bid regulate the market. this attempt centralize market based decentralization. the push and pull between the crypto currency market and "pegged value" may reduce volatility slightly, but increases the likelihood flash crashes. back the basics solution despite all the measures that new crypto currencies are implementing, none them successful bitcoin. the bitcoin blockchain may bare-bones blockchain, but has withstood economic pressures without relying precious metal traditional currency for value. all that needs done elevating the functioning the bitcoin blockchain while maintaining the value the crypto currencies. there have been some advancements made blockchain technology that has improved the crypto currency market. adopting crypto currency based improved version the bitcoin blockchain the best solution. teslacoil coin the solution the use the teslacoil coin that based the omni bitcoin protocol. this crypto currency coin based the successful bitcoin blockchain, and customers can invest using the same wallet addresses they use when trading bitcoin. the currency has maximum million coins. coin history teslacoil coin (coin:tesla) was founded the principles nikola tesla. nikola tesla was committed breaking the monopoly big business the energy sector. designed the system that competed with morgan's electrical system. despite limited funding, was able create the niagara falls hydroelectric power plan. this was the crucial moment when surpassed dc. unfortunately, was sabotaged and his laboratory was burned the ground. afterwards, was forced rely the same firm that was his competitor, morgan. the process, most the electrical technology was creating disappeared. this classic example technological innovation limited the bureaucracy (and often anti-competitive motives and actions) big business. teslacoil coin pays homage nikola tesla bringing his principles the crypto currency market. instead pegging the coins precious metals currencies, teslacoil coin truly independent. this was the vision satoshi when wrote his white paper. this independence what gives the tesla its value because the amount tesla ever created set concrete tokens based cryptography. teslacoilcoin financial performance the tesla capped tokens true crypto currency fashion. since its inception, the value has grown considerably. currently, one tesla unit worth u.s. dollars; however, this value based sporadic, low volume trading small foreign exchanges. also has value omni coins bitcoin. this very good performance based comparison teslacoin (coin:tes) which mineable competitor coin that continues grow number coins its own blockchain. easily outperforms crypto currencies pegged non-digital currencies precious metals. additionally, tesla has not experienced any flash crashes drastic drops value. the tesla desirable that first bitcoin capital corp. using the currency choice when paying out history's first crypto dividends its public shareholders. first bitcoin capital earned teslacoil coins fee for creating these tokens behalf tesla coils, inc. tesla coils, inc privately held corporation founded brian bravo, inventor (utility patent pending) new version tesla coil that will sold through www.teslacoilcoin.org. one the possible utilities tesla will the ability buy the tesla coils produced brian bravo. remarkably, despite the large position that first bitcoin has held for more than year tesla, the prices this coin have remained relatively stable. this shows that improving the existing system instead pegging crypto currency's value traditional measures wealth may better approach. technical aspects the tesla based the omni bitcoin blockchain, popularly known bitcoin earlier stated, bitcoin based bare-bones blockchain with limited functioning. despite the limitations, has been more successful than any other crypto currency. the omni protocol allows the generation, transfer, and payment transactions using tokens based any asset. this allows crypto currencies peg themselves with other currencies base themselves non-pegged value. teslacoil coin opted for the latter approach. there are several benefits for opting use the omni protocol, formerly known mastercoin protocol. one issue the low volatility the tesla. the omni protocol relies the bitcoin blockchain that has been structured way ensure that every change embedded the source code. result, the omni based crypto coins can use the same exchanges and wallets that bitcoin uses. this increases the number players the system. simply put, tesla relying the popularity and success bitcoin. the likelihood washout flash crashes can statistically deduced based the square root the number players the blockchain. bitcoin already has the greatest number players. additionally, other successful crypto currencies like tether are also using the omni protocol. result, the combined number players quite high diminishing the likelihood flash crashes. the omni-protocol also provides solution for the liquidity issues. building alternative blockchain creates competition within the crypto currency market. this competition diminishes the value different crypto currencies. the financial resources required address the liquidity issues are stretched too thin. the omni protocol additional later the existing bitcoin blockchain. instead diminishing the value, increases the value and improves the liquidity. finally, the omni protocol allows the addition new features the bare-bones bitcoin blockchain. this does not affect the original bitcoin source code. however, the additional layers can incorporate new blockchain technology make the new crypto currencies easier trade, exchange mine. the omni protocol the right protocol for tesla. howey test the law the u.s. determining whether financial instrument "security" known the howey test which basically needs include consist least three the following four factors: investment money there expectation profits from the investment the investment money common enterprise any profit comes from the efforts promoter third party teslacoil coin not investment common enterprise offers ownership any business, backed asset(s), either tesla coils, inc nor any its assets, and neither earns nor pays profits its token holders. dividends teslacoil coin exempt from registration background first bitcoin capital corp. (the "company") will distribute virtual/crypto currencies (also known "altcoins") dividend its stockholders. the company non-reporting, foreign private issuer that exempt from registration with the sec due the limited scope its assets and stockholder base the united states. the company's common stock trades the "other otc markets" under the symbol "bitcf". owns plethora altcoins that either earned, mined, developed acquired. the company has earned million units tokens, also commonly referred "altcoins", virtual/crypto currency identified teslacoil coin, "tesla." teslas are not registered and may purchased and sold freely cryptocurrency exchanges outside the united states. the company has established its own non-us bitcoin exchange called the coinqx, which tesla was initially quoted. the company intends distribute approximately $,, worth its inventory tesla dividend its existing stockholders pro rata basis us$. worth tesla for every share the company's common stock held record date september according the profile published otc markets, the company currently has nearly shares its common stock outstanding held approximately stockholders record june these amounts may change the record date. tesla trades sporadically three crypto exchanges with limited volume. the tesla tokens will distributed and held the company's stockholders "digital wallets." the company will notify each stockholder record the distribution these digital tokens sending each them instruction letter substantially the form exhibit attached hereto. thereafter, each stockholder will able use the teslas the same manner other bitcoin type currencies currently circulation. analysis "offer" "sale" security pursuant the tesla distribution plan the company believes the proposed distribution its tesla holdings its stockholders comparable some ways stock dividend which pro rata distribution corporation's own stock its stockholders. from the inception the securities act, stock dividend has been considered not require registration because the issuance the security did not constitute "sale" for purposes section (a)() the securities act. the company believes this same "no-sale" circumstance present with regard the company's proposed distribution its tesla inventory that the recipient stockholders will give value for the tesla received. interpretive release the general counsel the sec stated that stock dividend would not require registration because does not involve "sale," since not for value. see securities act release no. (july (discussing whether sale security involved the payment stock dividend). more recently the sec has published its website updated version its compliance and disclosure interpretations [november and last updated september which included the following: "question: company declares dividend that payable either cash securities the election the recipients, does the declaration the dividend need registered under the securities act? answer: no, there sale the dividend shares under the securities act. [nov. the company believes the staff has consistently held that public companies are allowed issue dividends consisting their common shares pro rata their stockholders without the need register such distribution with the sec. similarly, bitcf believes the distribution the company's inventory tesla dividend its stockholders should treated the same company directly distributing its common shares cash its stockholders without any consideration given the recipient stockholders. furthermore, the company does not believe that the issuing dividend the form the tesla creates new "security" that term defined section (a)() the securities act. the company the view that the tesla tokens are akin fiat currency practice. they not represent shares the company's common stock nor are they collateralized shares the company's common stock. the tesla tokens will purchased and sold over bitcoin exchanges independently and will not represent the purchase sale any securities any for profit enterprise. the company also distinguishes its tesla ownership from other types crypto/virtual currencies which have been offered type investment contract. for example, the case sec shavers, no. :-cv-, mr. shavers represented that was the business selling virtual currency local people and solicited investors. also described himself participant the hard money sector virtual currency, and promised investors return investment interest daily. all the transactions were done with bitcoin and none the bitcoins were registered any bitcoin exchange. that case, the sec took the position that the virtual currency was "security", because mr. shavers created note investment contract which traditionally defined any contract, transaction, scheme involving investment money, common enterprise, with the expectation that profits will derived from the efforts the promoter third party. sec w.j. howey co., u.s. ct. ed. (). the company's understanding the commission's position the shavers case cited above that more than just distribution "sale" the crypto/virtual currency occurs and profit offered the issuer, then the commission would apply the howey factors did the shavers case. however, the unconditional distribution virtual/crypto currency accomplished without the "sale" such virtual/crypto currency and without additional promises features expected return profit such virtual/crypto currency, then such virtual/crypto currency would not deemed investment contract security requiring either registration the availability applicable exemption from registration. under the foregoing analysis, the company does not believe its tesla ownership and distribution thereof would represent security and the distribution its tesla dividend would not represent the sale security. final aspect this analysis, the company has learned that september the commodity futures trading commission ("cftc") took the position that crypto currencies like bitcoin and altcoins similar tesla are commodities and not securities. conclusion for the foregoing reasons, the company last year requested that the sec's staff confirm that will not recommend enforcement action the company distributes cryptocurrency (as described above) without registration reliance opinion the company's securities counsel concluding that such distributions will not involve "security" for purposes section (a)() the securities act and will not constitute the "sale" "offer sell" security for purposes section (a)() the securities act. the sec replied that "no-action letter" was not required inasmuch sufficient guidance the question had already been issued the sec. the company's securities counsel, letter sent the sec december acknowledged the sec's response and confirmed that bitcf would declaring such dividend conclusion for the past two years, crypto currency launches have been dominated plans peg the crypto currencies with non-digital currencies. however, this seems deviate from the decentralized origins blockchain. experts predict that governments will increasingly attempt regulate and control crypto currencies the next few years. however, bitcoin has seen increased success despite not being pegged any currency. tesla aims share this success relying the omni bitcoin blockchain. this protocol allows tesla piggyback the success and security the bitcoin blockchain. this layering approach the only way address the volatility and liquidity issues with crypto currencies. the financial success tesla testament the effectiveness this technology improving the crypto currency market. furthermore, the protocol does not affect the original bitcoin blockchain. instead, only improves it. this why many speculators, vendors and end-users may turn tesla. the future also bright for tesla. some point, the omni protocol will used the basis second layer. new currencies that will founded the second layer will further propagate the value tesla. doing, teslacoil coin will able pay proper homage nikola tesla. references omni layer specs gibhub https://github.com/omnilayer/spec tesla explorer http://omnichest.info/lookupsp.aspx?sp= note: web site since changed from teslacoilcoin.com teslacoilcoin.org coin market cap history tesla trading https://coinmarketcap.com/assets/teslacoilcoin/ competing (unrelated) coin tes https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/teslacoin/ sec's report reveals that bitcoin and similar crypto assets are not securities and clarifies when crypto assets become securities https://www.sec.gov/news/press-release/- bitcoin and similar altcoins are commodities https://www.coindesk.com/cftc-rulingdefines-bitcoin-and-digital-currencies-as-commodities/ brian bravo's patent pending tesla type coils known high-frequency climbing scalar arc/body tuner systems https://www.google.com/patents/us first bitcoin's announcement paying crypto dividends http://www.nasdaq.com/pressrelease/historys-first-dividend-to-be-paid-in-cryptocurrency-to-shareholders-of-publiclytraded-company-- explanation corporate dividends https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dividend securities and exchange commission's position cash dividends https://www.sec.gov/divisions/corpfin/guidance/sasinterp.htm exhibits letter head bitcf dear shareholder (insert name shareholder), shareholder record september you are entitled receive worth teslacoil coin based the closing prices bitcf and teslacoilcoin the declaration date august payment being made september for those that are unable follow payment instructions below before payment date their teslacoil coins will held indefinitely pending your instructions. this based your owning ___________ shares the record date and therefore are currently holding your behalf __________ teslacoil coins. order receive your dividend the following necessary: create wallet https://www.omniwallet.org/ once you have created that wallet insert the wallet address here: _______________________________________________ note: you email this letter will send you editable version you can copy and paste into. (we)______________________, herby authorize and instruct first bitcoin capital corp and/or its transfer agents transfer the above mentioned amount teslacoil coin above referenced wallet. understand that did not give the exact address omni wallet that teslacoil coins will forever lost and (we) will make further claims for same. __________________________ (clearly print name shareholder name and title officer acting for entity, date and sign above the line): scan and return this signed document dividends@bitcoincapitalcorp.com sincerely yours, management first bitcoin capital corp. reference: www.bitcoincapitalcorp.com/teslacoilcoinwhitepaper