tether: fiat currencies the bitcoin blockchain abstract digital token backed fiat currency provides individuals and organizations with robust and decentralized method exchanging value while using familiar accounting unit. the innovation blockchains auditable and cryptographically secured global ledger. assetbacked token issuers and other market participants can take advantage blockchain technology, along with embedded consensus systems, transact familiar, less volatile currencies and assets. order maintain accountability and ensure stability exchange price, propose method maintain onetoone reserve ratio between cryptocurrency token, called tethers, and its associated realworld asset, fiat currency. this method uses the bitcoin blockchain, proof reserves, and other audit methods prove that issued tokens are fully backed and reserved all times. table contents table contents introduction technology stack and processes tether technology stack flow funds process proof reserves process implementation weaknesses main applications for exchanges for individuals for merchants future innovations multisig and smart contracts proof solvency innovations conclusion appendix audit flaws: exchanges and wallets limitations existing fiatpegging systems market risk examples legal and compliance glossary terms references introduction there exists vast array assets the world which people freely choose storeofvalue, transactional medium, investment. believe the bitcoin blockchain better technology for transacting, storing, and accounting for these assets. most estimates measure global wealth around trillion dollars with much that being held banks similar financial institutions. the migration these assets onto the bitcoin blockchain represents proportionally large opportunity. bitcoin was created "an electronic payment system based cryptographic proof instead trust, allowing any two willing parties transact directly with each other without the need for trusted third party."[]. bitcoin created new class digital currency, decentralized digital currency cryptocurrency some the primary advantages cryptocurrencies are: low transaction costs, international borderless transferability and convertibility, trustless ownership and exchange, pseudoanonymity, realtime transparency, and immunity from legacy banking system problems []. common explanations for the current limited mainstream use cryptocurrencies include: volatile price swings, inadequate massmarket understanding the technology, and insufficient easeofuse for nontechnical users. the idea for assetpegged cryptocurrencies was initially popularized the bitcoin community the mastercoin white paper authored j.r. willett january []. today, we're starting see these ideas built with the likes bitassets, ripple, omni, nxt, nushares/bits, and others. one should note that all bitcoin exchanges and wallets (like coinbase, bitfinex, and coinapult) which allow you hold value fiat currency already provide similar service that users can avoid the volatility (or other traits) particular cryptocurrency selling them for fiat currency, gold, another asset. further, almost all types existing financial institutions, payment providers, etc, which allow you hold fiat value (or other assets) subsequently provide similar service. this white paper focus applications wherein the fiat value stored and transmitted with software that opensource, cryptographically secure, and uses distributed ledger technology, i.e. true cryptocurrency. while the goal any successful cryptocurrency completely eliminate the requirement trust, each the aforementioned implementations either rely trusted third party have other technical, marketbased, processbased drawbacks and limitations for definitions throughout, see glossary terms but has been discussed since dr. szabo's proposed bitgold summarized the appendix, here: limitations existing fiatpegging systems our solution, fiatpegged cryptocurrencies are called "tethers". all tethers will initially issued the bitcoin blockchain via the omni layer protocol and they exist cryptocurrency token. each tether unit issued into circulation backed onetoone ratio (i.e. one tether usdt one dollar) the corresponding fiat currency unit held deposit hong kong based tether limited. tethers may redeemable/exchangeable for the underlying fiat currency pursuant tether limited's terms service or, the holder prefers, the equivalent spot value bitcoin. once tether has been issued, can transferred, stored, spent, etc just like bitcoins any other cryptocurrency. the fiat currency reserve has gained the properties cryptocurrency and its price permanently tethered the price the fiat currency. our implementation has the following advantages over other fiatpegged cryptocurrencies: tethers exist the bitcoin blockchain rather than less developed/tested "altcoin" blockchain nor within closedsource software running centralized, private databases. tethers can used just like bitcoins, i.e. pp, pseudoanonymous, decentralized, cryptographically secure environment. tethers can integrated with merchants, exchanges, and wallets just easily bitcoin any other cryptocurrencies can integrated. tethers inherit the properties the omni layer protocol which include: decentralized exchange? browserbased, opensource, wallet encryption? bitcoinbased transparency, accountability, multiparty security and reporting functions. tether limited employs simple but effective approach for conducting proof reserves which significantly reduces our counterparty risk the custodian the reserve assets. tether issuance redemption will not face any pricing liquidity constraints. users can buy sell many tethers they want, quickly, and with very low fees. tethers will not face any market risks such black swan events, liquidity crunches, etc reserves are maintained onetoone ratio rather than relying market forces. tether's onetoone backing implementation easier for nontechnical users understand opposed collateralization techniques derivative strategies. any given time the balance fiat currency held our reserves will equal (or greater than) the number tethers circulation. this simple configuration most easily supports reliable proof reserves process? process which fundamental maintaining the priceparity between tethers circulation and the underlying fiat currency held reserves. this paper provide evidence that shows exchange and ore bitcoin protocols will come soon, like ripple, nxt, etc appendix, section: market risk examples see section: proof solvency process wallet audits (in their current state) are very unreliable (i.e. flaws proof solvency[] methods) and instead propose that exchanges and wallets outsource the custody user funds via tethers. users can purchase tethers from tether.to (our webwallet) from supported exchanges such bitfinex who support tethers deposit and withdrawal method. users can also transact and store tethers with any omni layer enabled wallet like ambisafe, holy transaction omni wallet. other exchanges, wallets, and merchants are encouraged reach out about integrating tether surrogate for traditional fiat payment methods. recognize that our implementation isn't perfectly decentralized since tether limited must act centralized custodian reserve assets (albeit tethers circulation exist decentralized digital currency). however, believe this implementation sets the foundation for building future innovations that will eliminate these weaknesses, create robust platform for new products and services, and support the growth and utility the bitcoin blockchain over the long run. some these innovations include: mobile payment facilitation between users and other parties, including other users and merchants instant nearinstant fiat value transfer between decentralized parties (such multiple exchanges) introduction the use smart contracts and multisignature capabilities further improve the general security process, proof reserves, and enable new features. technology stack and processes each tether issued into circulation will backed onetoone ratio with the equivalent amount corresponding fiat currency held reserves hong kong based tether limited. the custodian the backing asset are acting trusted third party responsible for that asset. this risk mitigated simple implementation that collectively reduces the complexity conducting both fiat and crypto audits while increasing the security, provability, and transparency these audits. tether technology stack the stack has layers, and numerous features, best understood via diagram see section: implementation weaknesses here review each layer. the first layer the bitcoin blockchain. the tether transactional ledger embedded the bitcoin blockchain metadata via the embedded consensus system, omni. the second layer the omni layer protocol. omni foundational technology that can: grant (create) and revoke (destroy) digital tokens represented metadata embedded the bitcoin blockchain? this case, fiatpegged digital tokens, tethers. track and report the circulation tethers via omnichest.info (omni asset for example, represents tetherusd) and omnicore api. enable users transact and store tethers and other assets/tokens pp, pseudoanonymous, cryptographically secure environment. ii) opensource, browserbased, encrypted webwallet: omni wallet. iii) multisignature and offline cold storagesupporting system the third layer tether limited, our business entity primarily responsible for: accepting fiat deposits and issuing the corresponding tethers sending fiat withdrawals and revoking the corresponding tethers custody the fiat reserves that back all tethers circulation publicly reporting proof reserves and other audit results initiating and managing integrations with existing bitcoin/blockchain wallets, exchanges, and merchants operating tether.to, webwallet which allows users send, receive, store, and convert tethers conveniently. flow funds process there are five steps the lifecycle tether, best understood via diagram. step user deposits fiat currency into tether limited's bank account. step tether limited generates and credits the user's tether account. tethers enter circulation. amount fiat currency deposited user amount tethers issued user (i.e. usd deposited tetherusd issued). step users transact with tethers the user can transfer, exchange, and store tethers via opensource, pseudoanonymous, bitcoinbased platform. step the user deposits tethers with tether limited for redemption into fiat currency. step tether limited destroys the tethers and sends fiat currency the user's bank account. users can obtain tethers outside the aforementioned process via exchange another individual. once tether enters circulation can traded freely between any business individual. for example, users can purchase tethers from bitfinex, with more exchanges follow soon. the main concept conveyed the flow funds diagram that tether limited the only party who can issue tethers into circulation (create them) take them out circulation (destroy them). this the main process which the system solvency maintained. proof reserves process proof solvency, proof reserves, realtime transparency, and other similar phrases have been growing and resonating across the cryptocurrency industry. exchange and wallets audits, their current form, are very unreliable. insolvency has occurred numerous times the bitcoin ecosystem, either via hacks, mismanagement, outright fraud. users must diligent with their exchange selection and vigilant their use exchanges. even then, savvy user will not able fully eliminate the risks. further, there are exchange users like traders and businesses who must keep nontrivial fiat balances exchanges all times. financial language, this known the "counterparty risk" storing value with third party. believe it's safe conclude that exchange and wallet audits their current form are not very reliable. these processes not guarantee users that custodian exchange solvent. although there have been great contributions improving the exchange audit processes, like the merkle tree approach[], major flaws still remain. tether's proof reserves configuration novel because simplifies the process proving that the total number tethers circulation (liabilities) are always fully backed equal amount fiat currency held see benefits using tethers the section: ain applications see section: audit flaws: exchanges and wallets reserve (assets). our configuration, each tetherusd circulation represents one dollar held our reserves (i.e. onetoone ratio) which means the system fully reserved when the sum all tethers existence (at any point time) exactly equal the balance usd held our reserve. since tethers live the bitcoin blockchain, the provability and accounting tethers any given point time trivial. conversely, the corresponding total amount usd held our reserves proved publishing the bank balance and undergoing periodic audits professionals. find this implementation further detailed below: tether limited issues all tethers via the omni layer protocol. omni operates top the bitcoin blockchain and therefore all issued, redeemed, and existing tethers, including transactional history, are publicly auditable via the tools provided omnichest.info. the omnichest.info asset for tetherusd here link: http://omnichest.info/lookupsp.aspx?sp= let the total number tethers issued under this asset denoted tusdissue let the total number tethers redeemed under this asset denoted tusdredeem let the total number tethers circulation any time denoted tusd tusd tusdissue tusdredeem tusd "total property tokens" http://omnichest.info/lookupsp.aspx?sp= tether limited has bank account which will receive and send fiat currency users who purchase/redeem tethers directly with us. let the total amount deposited into this account denoted dusddepo let the total amount withdrawn from this account denoted dusdwithd let the dollar balance this bank account denoted dusd dusd dusddepo dusdwithd each tether issued will backed the equivalent amount currency unit (one tetherusd equals one dollar). combining the above crypto and fiat accounting processes, conclude the "solvency equation" for the tether system. the solvency equation simply tusd dusd. every tether issued redeemed, publicly recorded the bitcoin blockchain will correspond deposit withdrawal funds from the bank account. the provability tusd relies the bitcoin blockchain discussed previously. the provability dusd will rely several processes: publish the bank account balance our website's transparency page. professional auditors will regularly verify, sign, and publish our underlying bank balance and financial transfer statement. users will able view this information from our transparency page, which will look like: for clarity, we'd like acknowledge that the tether system different than the tether.to webwallet terms proof reserves. this paper, mostly focus proof reserves for the tether system? i.e. all tethers circulation any point time. the tether.to wallet consumer facing webwallet operating closedsource code and centralized servers. conducting proof reserves for this wallet fundamentally different than what we've outlined for the tether system. we're planning the deployment porbased transparency solution for the tether.to wallet. believe will the most advanced por system existence today. overcomes almost all the challenges outlined the appendix this topic. mind you, users can always secure tethers through managing the private keys themselves through omni wallet. implementation weaknesses understand that our implementation doesn't immediately create fully trustless cryptocurrency system. mainly because users must trust tether limited and our corresponding legacy banking institution the custodian the reserve assets. however, almost all exchanges and wallets (assuming they hold usd/fiats) are subject the same weaknesses. users these services are already subject these risks. here summary the weaknesses our approach: could bankrupt our bank could insolvent our bank could freeze confiscate the funds could abscond with the reserve funds see glossary terms see audit flaws: exchanges and wallets recentralized risk single point failure observe that almost all digital currency exchanges and wallets (assuming they hold usd/fiat) already face many these challenges. therefore, users these services are already subject these risks. below describe how each these concerns are being addressed. could bankrupt this case, the business entity tether limited would bankrupt but client funds would safe, and subsequently, all tethers will remain redeemable. most security breaches bitcoin businesses have targeted cryptocurrencies rather than bank accounts. since all tethers exist the bitcoin blockchain they can stored individuals directly through securing their own private keys. our bank could insolvent this risk faced all users the legacy financial system and all exchange operators. tether limited currently has accounts with cathay united bank and hwatai bank taiwan, both whom are aware and confident that tether's business model acceptable. additional banking partners are being established other jurisdictions further mitigate this concern. our bank could freeze confiscate the funds our banks are aware the nature bitcoin and are accepting bitcoin businesses. they also provide banking services some the largest bitcoin exchanges globally. the kyc/aml processes follow are also used the other digital currency exchanges they currently bank. they have assured are full compliance could abscond with the reserve assets the corporate charter public well the business owners names, locations, and reputations. ownership the account legally bound the corporate charter. any transfers out the bank account will have the associated traces and are bound rigid internal policies. recentralization risk single point failure have some ideas how overcome this and we'll sharing them upcoming blog and product updates. there are many ways tackle this problem. for now, this initial implementation gets the right track realize these innovations following versions. leveraging the platforms have chosen, have reduced the centralization risk one singular responsibility: the creation and redemption tokens. all other aspects the system are decentralized. section legal and compliance for more information ame footnote main applications this section we'll summarize and discuss the main applications tethers across the bitcoin/blockchain ecosystem and for other consumers globally. break the beneficiaries into three user groups: exchanges, individuals, and merchants. the main benefits, applicable all groups: properties bitcoin bestowed upon other asset classes less volatile, familiar unit account world's assets migrate the bitcoin blockchain for exchanges exchange operators understand that accepting fiat deposits and withdrawals using legacy financial systems can complicated, risky, slow, and expensive. some these issues include: identifying the right payment providers for your exchange irreversible transactions, fraud protection, lowest fees, etc integrating the platform with banks who have apis liaising with these banks coordinate compliance, security, and build trust prohibitive costs for small value transfers days for international wire transfers clear poor and unfavorable currency conversion fees offering tethers, exchange can relieve themselves the above complications and gain additional benefits, such as: accept cryptofiats deposit/withdrawal/storage method rather than using legacy bank payment provider allows users move fiat and out exchange more freely, quickly, cheaply outsource fiat custodial risk tether limited just manage cryptos easily add other tethered fiat currencies trading pairs the platform secure customer assets purely through accepted cryptoprocesses multisignature security, cold and hot wallets, wallets, etc conduct audits easier and more securely purely crypto environment anything one can with bitcoin exchange can done with tethers exchange users know how risky can hold fiat currencies exchange. with the growing number insolvency events can quite dangerous. mentioned previously, believe that using tethers exposes exchange users less counterparty risk than continually holding fiat exchanges. additionally, there are other benefits holding tethers, explained the next section. for individuals there are many types individual bitcoin users the world today. from traders looking earn profits daily? long term investors looking store their bitcoins securely? techsavvy shoppers looking avoid credit card fees maintain their privacy? philosophical users looking change the world? those looking remit payments globally more effectively? those third world countries looking for access financial services for the first time? developers looking create new technologies? all those who have found many uses for bitcoin. for each these individuals, believe tethers are useful similar ways, like: transact usd/fiat value, pseudoanonymously, without any middlemen/intermediaries cold store usd/fiat value securing one's own private keys avoid the risk storing fiat exchanges move cryptofiat and out exchanges easily avoid having open fiat bank account store fiat value easily enhance applications that work with bitcoin also support tether anything one can with bitcoin individual one can also with tether for merchants merchants want focus their business, not payments. the lack global, inexpensive, ubiquitous payment solutions continue plague merchants around the world both large and small. merchants deserve more. here are some the ways tether can help them: price goods usd/fiat value rather than bitcoin (no moving conversion rates/purchase windows) avoid conversion from bitcoin usd/fiat and associated fees and processes prevent chargebacks, reduce fees, and gain greater privacy provide novel services because fiatcrypto features microtipping, gift cards, more anything one can with bitcoin merchant one can also with tether future innovations multisig and smart contracts proof solvency innovations conclusion tether constitutes the first bitcoinbased fiatpegged cryptocurrencies existence today. tether based the bitcoin blockchain, the most secure and welltested blockchain and public ledger existence. tethers are fully reserved onetoone ratio, completely independent market forces, pricing, liquidity constraints. tether has simple and reliable proof reserves implementation and undergoes regular professional audits. our underlying banking relationships, compliance, and legal structure provide secure foundation for the custodian reserve assets and issuer tethers. our team composed experienced and respected entrepreneurs from the bitcoin ecosystem and beyond. are focused arranging integrations with existing businesses the cryptocurrency space. business like exchanges, wallets, merchants, and others. we're already integrated with bitfinex, holytransaction, omni wallet, poloniex, ccex, and more come. please reach out find out more. appendix audit flaws: exchanges and wallets here summary the current flaws found technologybased exchange and wallet audits. the merkle tree[] approach users must manually report that their balances (user's leaf) have been correctly incorporated the liability declaration the exchange (the merkle hash the exchange's database user balances). this proposed solution works enough users verify that their account was included the tree, and case where their account not included this instance would reported. one potential risk that exchange database owner could produce hash that not the true representation opposed hiring professional auditor the database all? hashes incomplete database which would reduce its apparent liabilities customers, making them appear solvent verifying party. here are some scenarios where fraudulent exchange would exclude accounts and "bitdust" accounts: inactive low activity accounts would lower the chance that uninterested user would check report inconsistencies. some cases these longtail accounts could represent significant percentage the exchange's liabilities. "colluding whales" attack: there evidence that large bitcoin traders are operating various exchanges and moving markets significantly. such traders need have capital reserves the largest exchanges quickly execute orders. often, traders choose exchanges that they "trust". this way they can assured that should hack liquidity issue arise, they have priority get their money out. this case, the exchange and trader could collude remove the whales account balance from the database before it's hashed. key rental attack: pass the audit, malicious exchange could rent the private keys bitcoins they not own. this would make them appear solvent increasing their assets without any acknowledgment that those funds were loaned them. likewise, they could "borrow" fiat currency the same. there are more attacks not discussed here. reaching statistical significance (reporting completeness): even outside these three attack vectors, database that has been manipulated may never detected sufficient number users are not validating balances. the probability getting the users verify balances likely zero, even with proper incentivization structure for users verify their balances. therefore, auditors would need statistical tools make statements about the validity exchange's database based sampling frequency, size, and other properties. currently users have way receive compensation legal means case something goes wrong with the exchange. for example, when mt.gox closed operations, many users might not have independently recorded their account balances (prints screens, signed messages themselves, etc) way that could conclusively prove law enforcement that this exchange's i.o.u's actually existed. such users are the mercy the exchange somehow publish record that hash tree original database. the proposed structure which these audits would performed still contains some subtle but important flaws. particular, the data reporting (hash tree) the institution's website gives guarantee all users, malicious exchange could publish different states/balances different groups users, retroactively change the state. thus fundamental publish this data through secure broadcast channel, e.g. the bitcoin blockchain. privacy barrier entry for the adoption automated/open auditing system. while some progress has been made towards better privacy there perfect solution yet. further, build accurate user verified liability space, these users will have report account balances with the exchange and bitcoin addresses. some users likely would not report this information regardless the incentive, therefore providing cryptographically secure privacy whilst obtaining the reporting goal paramount. time series: the merkle tree hash single snapshot the database single point time. not having somewhat continuous time series the database opens significant attack vectors. additionally, time series user reported information would also required for piecing together the history any reported incidents fraud. trusted third parties: all the current exchange audits have relied some "reputable" trusted third party make some type verification. the coinbase audit [], that was andreas antonopoulos, the kraken audit [], that was stefan thomas. absolutely must rely trusted third party then some audit standards and procedures should ensure this weaknesses fortified. limitations existing fiatpegging systems here's list some the common drawbacks and limitations existing fiatpegging systems. the systems are based closedsource software, running private, centralized databases, fundamentally different than paypal any other existing massmarket retail/institutional asset trading/transfer/storage system. decentralized systems that rely altcoin blockchains which haven't been stresstested, developed, reviewed closely other blockchains, like bitcoin. pegging processes that rely hedging derivative metaassets, efficient market theory, collateralization the underlying asset, wherein liquidity, transferability, security, and other issues can exist. lack transparency and audits for the custodian, either crypto, fiat, relating their own internal ledgers (same closed source and centralised databases). reliance legacy banking systems and trusted third parties (bank account owners) transfer and settlement mechanism for reserve assets. market risk examples the collateralization method, market risk exists because the price the asset being used collateral can move adverse direction the price the asset it's backing/pegging. this would cause the total value the collateral become less than the total value the issued asset and make the system insolvent. this risk mitigated the custodian closing the position before this happens? that is, when the collateral price equals the pegged asset price then the collateral liquidated (sold the open market) and the position closed. great approach, with merit, and used many liquid markets across the traditional banking and financial markets. however, saw from the global financial crisis, situations can arise which the acceleration such events causes "liquidity crunch" and thus the collateral unable liquidated fast enough meet trading obligations, subsequently creating losses. with the cryptocurrency markets being small and volatile, this type event much more likely. additionally, the overall approach suffers from other liquidity and pricing constraints since there must sufficient supply users posting collateral for the creation the peggedassets exist the first place. the derivatives approach, the price the asset pegged through entering one several derivatives strategies, such as: swap strategies, covered and naked options strategies, various futures and forwards strategies. each strategy has their own strengths and weaknesses, the discussion which won't engage here. summarize, each these pegging processes themselves have similar "market risk" characteristics the aforementioned collateralization method. should noted that the two methods are not mutually exclusive and often paired specific trading, hedging, risk management function legacy system financial institutions. finally, understand that believe some combination the above approaches may become secure, reliable, and generally riskfree process for backing/pegging assets? however, this point time, this not direction feel feasible take ensure liquidity and price stability. further, believe that reservebased approach will always existence and complement these other approaches the entire industry grows. advances technology continue, will evaluate and incorporate any benefits available while maintaining the guarantee redeemability. legal and compliance tether limited ("tether") limited company incorporated pursuant the hong kong companies ordinance. wholly owned tether holdings limited, bvi business company incorporated pursuant the bvi business companies act, tether registered money services business with the financial crimes enforcement network the u.s. department the treasury (msb registration number tether establishing relationship with u.s. financial institution for purposes better servicing tether users the united states. tether concluding principal-agency agreement with renrenbee limited ("renrenbee"). renrenbee licensed money services operator the hong kong customs and excise department (licence no. pursuant the agreement, renrenbee will provide antimoney laundering compliance work and customer due diligence procedures agent for tether principal. through these and other measures, tether undertaking customer due diligence, recordkeeping, and reporting procedures consistent with u.s. law and with the hong kong antimoney laundering and counterterrorist financing (financial institutions) ordinance. tether limited currently has accounts with cathay bank and hwatai bank taiwan, both whom are aware and confident that tether's business model acceptable. these banks are satisfied with our processes and also satisfied that our business operates accordance with taiwan offshore banking regulations, all the banks had been requested check this with their own legal, compliance and headoffice before opening accounts (also our own request). was our goal from the beginning have compliant operation and provide the maximum level comfort our banking partners here. addition these banks have and are working with other bitcoin based businesses. glossary terms digital currency: defined http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/digital_currency cryptocurrency decentralized digital currency: any type cryptocurrency that opensource, cryptographically secure, and uses distributed ledger. see: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cryptocurrency realworld currency, fiat currency, national/sovereign currency: all types currency that are not cryptocurrencies defined above. cryptocurrency system: collection software and processes primarily created enable the existence cryptocurrency. legacy financial system: any financial system that not cryptocurrency system. utilitybacked digital tokens, a.k.a dapps: decentralized digital token whose value derived from the usefulness its application rather than just being value transfer system. assetbacked/pegged cryptocurrency: any cryptocurrency whose price pegged realworld asset, i.e. its not "utilitybacked" cryptocurrency. tether(s): single unit (or multiple units) fiatpegged cryptocurrency issued tether limited tetherusd tusd: single unit cryptousd issued tether limited tusd: collective amount tusd circulation any point time. tether system: collectively refers all process and technologies that enable tethers exist proof reserves: the process which the issuer any assetbacked decentralized digital token, cryptographically/mathematically proves that all tokens that have been issued are fully reserved and backed the underlying asset. references https://www.thefinancialist.com/wpcontent/uploads///globalwealthreport.pdf https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf []http://www.deloitte.com/assets/dcomunitedstates/local%assets/documents/fsi/us_fsi_bitcointhene wgoldrush_.pdf https://github.com/mastercoinmsc/spec http://unenumerated.blogspot.com///bitgold.html https://iwilcox.me.uk//provingbitcoinreserves http://antonopoulos.com////coinbasereview/ http://www.coindesk.com/krakensauditprovesholdsbitcoinsreserve/