whitepaper the problem individuals are losing trust the media more rapid rate now more than ever. nearly people believe that news stories are being planted oppositional parties, according statista. perhaps even worse, statista also pointed out that more than people selected that they "never" trust online news sources, and additional expressed that they "rarely" trust online news sources. with the level consumer skepticism toward the media, how can relationship trust develop between reader and news outlet? impossible know which news stories are authentic and which stories are being fabricated meet hidden agenda. recent survey reported that only males and females believed they could accurately distinguish fake news from real news. copyright (c) the crypto currency analytics all rights reserved. fake news problematic because can lead the loss finances, especially with digital currency. news and information the digital currency space needs cleaned that the industry whole can become more trustworthy and gain higher valuation. mission the currency analytics (tcat) mission eradicate fake news about digital currency. are reporting real news(tm) provide trustworthy news source the investor. copyright (c) the crypto currency analytics all rights reserved. what the currency analytics (tcat)? tcat google-verified media platform and community comprised exclusively the latest stories from professional writers that value ethical, authentic journalism. believe that good journalism comes from good journalists. the digital media outlets today allow payments for stories publish authors that are agents for businesses. agents supplant stories with hidden agenda other than write real news. the tcat media ecosystem raising funds build the first ethical news platform for digital currency information. platform participants will granted access the circulation the most current cryptocurrency information available. copyright (c) the crypto currency analytics all rights reserved. the real news protocol our community will provide stories, hire professional writers, verify facts, and rate writers. all the news posted our platform must abide screening protocol called the "reliable, ethical, attributive, and lasting news protocol" (real news protocol(tm)). our protocol being constructed with industry-standard ethics mind, such the spj code ethics from the society professional journalists. copyright (c) the crypto currency analytics all rights reserved. our protocol delivers news that real real, ethical, attributive, and lasting. our real stories deliver accounts observed phenomenon the world, not phenomenon that was created meet hidden agenda. other words, our news stories are based off reports derived from real events. our mission provide the most objective, accurate information inform the investor. our news stories are ethical because they are not retrieved developed through the use bribing, payment, favors. our stories are also ethical because they are not part smear campaigns developed company's competitors. our goal provide investors with news source that they can rely on. our stories are attributive because the facts are checked and the sources are authenticated. our stories are lasting because they contribute and create the larger conversations within the digital currency information space. copyright (c) the crypto currency analytics all rights reserved. tcat token information there will million tokens issued. tcat usd you can purchase tcat you want buy space publish news thecurrencyanalytics.com. tcat can may purchased directly from thecurrencyanalytics.com with eth/ btc, well other major exchanges the future. tcat cashback token. when purchasing tcat the currency analytics platform, you will receive amount tcat that comparable dollar-for-dollar value the token you are paying with. once the total number tcat tokens are sold, then the network will only accept tcat form payment. copyright (c) the crypto currency analytics all rights reserved. bounty, token swaps, and airdrops our bounty campaign and airdrops are designed grow the number token holders. there are token swap opportunities for limited number top icos. copyright (c) the crypto currency analytics all rights reserved. revenue sources the advertising fees will used pay journalists fair wage for those stories and for site maintenance. businesses can also participate the tcat platform paying promote website. since our platform already verified google news, the traffic will continue grow. thus, your business will continue gain more exposure. copyright (c) the crypto currency analytics all rights reserved. our team sydney ifergan vladimir mayakovsky cedric morris ceo sales manager head sales copyright (c) the crypto currency analytics all rights reserved. our advisors ishmeet singh lalit bansal didi taihuttu navdeep garg advisor advisor advisor advisor alex tudorache naviin kapoor wapinter advisor advisor copyright (c) the crypto currency analytics all rights reserved. community manager partners https://www.americanpressinstitute.org/publications/reports/surveyresearch/paying-for-news/ references https://www.politico.com/story////poll-fake-news- https://www-statista-com/statistics//news-sourcestrustworthiness/