the pirate code by: flexatron, fishyguts, jlc kmd community abstract fully private cryptocurrency and shielded blockchain originating from the komodo ecosystem. pirate solves zcash's "fungibility problem" through the elimination transaction functionality transparent addresses its blockchain, making private usage "fool-proof". this feature results fully shielded user coin base the pirate chain. consistently utilizing zk-snark technology, pirate coin leaves usable metadata user's transactions its blockchain. all outgoing transactions other than mining block rewards and notary transactions are sent into shielded sapling addresses maximizing the efficiency and speed its chain. pirate utilizes the consensus algorithm equihash proof-of-work originating from zcash, with added security layer delayed proof-of-work from komodo which provides higher than btcgrade level security the pirate blockchain. the future private decentralized payments here. table contents the pirate code .................................................... mission statement ................................................ value propositions ............................................... why focus privacy? ............................................ the team ......................................................... introduction ....................................................... cryptocurrencies ................................................. privacy .......................................................... main drawbacks illustrated current decentralized payment protocols ........................................................ monero ring signatures scheme ............................... zcash's shielded addresses implementation and spend types ...... our solution .................................................... the pirate chain: privacy, fungibility and security ............... august the call for full anonymity ................ komodo zcash fork zk-snarks ................................. komodo asset chains ............................................. forced z-transactions ........................................... delayed proof-of-work: maximum security and flexibility ......... what delayed proof-of-work? ................................ what are the mechanics behind delayed proof-of-work? .......... examples attacks blockchains .............................. sapling integration and activation .............................. sapling integration ........................................... the migration sapling ...................................... emission scheme and technical characteristics ................... tor support ..................................................... centralized exchanges support ................................... roadmap ........................................................... the pirate guide .................................................. onboard pirate ............................................... buy and trade pirate ............................................ social media .................................................... source code and wallets ......................................... references ........................................................ the pirate code mission statement the mission pirate preserve people's financial privacy system dominated transparent transactions. value propositions all pirate chain transactions are private default. this alleviates the fungibility problems that many cryptocurrencies with optional privacy introduce into their protocol. this complete privacy protocol provides users with more assurance that authorities are able claim that users funds are "tainted" due previous transactions, now and the future. pirate coin fully decentralized. there third party charge your funds any time. private transactions are confirmed trustless manner the blockchain meaning you not need third party verify that your transactions are valid, the pirate code takes care that. pirate allows for secure and quick transfer value. the pirate chain secured mechanism harder crack than bitcoin, called delayed proof-of-work (dpow). usage fees are very inexpensive for both the customer and the vendor. furthermore, there chance for fraudulent chargebacks, erroneous fund verification periods, and transactions are confirmed and secured within minutes. these features alone can save merchants and vendors across the globe billions dollars cutting out facilitation fees. pirate uses the strongest privacy protocol. the highly advanced and respected privacy protocol zk-snarks doesn't require the data from your transaction viewable the public ledgers. this considered many prominent developers one the strongest methods hiding your financial data the blockchain why focus privacy? crypto offers advantages users and business, but this shouldn't come the cost financial privacy. today's fiat currencies are already making mass exodus towards digital systems (japparova rupeika-apoga crypto has shown offer numerous advantages for business such cost-savings fees and transaction speed. our opinion, users deserve privacy those transactions. why show the owner the shop the size your wealth spending habits? financial privacy may therefore needed all parties that want accept cryptocurrency such vendors, distributors, merchants, purchasers, suppliers, service providers and customers. businesses can assure their clients and themselves that both parties the transaction will receive the best combination privacy, speed and cost-savings through using pirate. the team being truly decentralized cryptocurrency, pirate welcomes developers and contributors all skillsets. already over contributors have provided services the growth and development pirate chain since its infancy. developers are working coherent team fashion bring knowledge and experience from all parts the crypto-sphere. with our diverse group, there always person with the knowledge how complete needed task, someone with connection someone who can. pirate has completed many first time accomplishments the cryptocurrency industry when comes privacy protection (see roadmap) and pirate will continue work with third parties innovative techniques facilitate stronger privacy for all. introduction cryptocurrencies since the release the famous whitepaper written satoshi nakamoto (nakamoto bitcoin has grown into multi-billion dollar market cap digital asset. number alternative cryptocurrencies have spawned since then attempting fill the void plethora use-cases, with their own respective communities. using cryptocurrencies means payment one the most popular usecases and also the main purpose for which satoshi wrote the whitepaper. the goal bitcoin enable every person transfer value anywhere the world any time instantly using internet connection peer-to-peer, trustless fashion. bitcoin utilizes distributed ledger facilitate and record transactions which the truthfulness determined through the consensus algorithm proof-ofwork (pow). privacy one large concern about the usage this technology the ability observers analyze your spending behavior and wealth status (moser this greatly compromises the financial privacy the user. number cryptocurrency protocols have been developed that seek improve the privacy aspects bitcoin. the most notable protocols that have been developed thus far are cryptonote (van saberhagen and zerocash (sasson al. the first protocol utilizes ring confidential signatures while the latter uses zero-knowledge proofs obfuscate transactions and account balances, more detail that later. both protocols have their advantages and disadvantages. this whitepaper addresses how pirate (arrr) attempts improve the privacy aspects current decentralized payment protocols. main drawbacks illustrated current decentralized payment protocols monero ring signatures scheme monero, fork bytecoin based the cryptonote protocol, utilizes ring signature scheme their transactions combined with stealth addresses, random one-time addresses for every transaction behalf the recipient. ring signatures make increasingly difficult trace back the sender depending the ring size. however, this leaves the ability parties analyze the available data with sophisticated analytic tools right now and the future. due its use ring signatures, analysis monero's blockchain difficult, seen figure figure ring signature blockchain analysis. source: https://cryptonote.org/inside#untraceable-payments the difficulty finding the correct sender increasingly difficult with bigger ring sizes. the ring size the total number possible signers including yours, which turn determines the complexity and difficulty finding the "real output". higher ring size number thus provides higher level privacy than lower number. however, it's not advised reuse odd recognizable ring size number prevent standing out from other transactions []. the fundamental problem coin mixing methods though that transaction data not being hidden through encryption. ringct system disassociation where information still visible the blockchain. mind that vulnerability might discovered some point the future which allows traceability since monero's blockchain provides record every transaction that has taken place. zcash's shielded addresses implementation and spend types zcash, implementation the decentralized anonymous payment scheme zerocash, adds shielded payment scheme secured zero-knowledge succinct non-interactive arguments knowledge (zk-snarks) the existing transparent payment scheme used bitcoin (hopwood al. the usage shielded non-shielded payments free choose the user. the percentage shielded transactions assumed rise zcash's recent implementation "sapling" makes processing shielded transactions only fraction more computationally intensive than non-shielded transactions (bowe unfortunately, the relative high percentage non-shielded transactions and balances impairs the fungibility the coins, possible link transactions during "private" payment activity and thus possibly relate them coin mixing. this especially the case when conducting "round-trip transaction", meaning sending the exact number coins from transparent (t-addr) shielded address (z-addr) and back another transparent address (quesnelle refer this paper this phenomena the "fungibility problem". figure users zcash have different options spending zcash. source: https://z.cash/blog/sapling-transaction-anatomy/ seen figure zcash users are given the ability conduct different types transactions the current zcash protocol. being able send from public shielded address and vice versa greatly puts the fungibility the coins risk. possible identify coin mixing patterns among the different types transactions when users send coins back transparent addresses, such the case "round-trip transactions", this behavior has been shown exhibit high linkability (quesnelle the performance upgrades sapling unfortunately comes privacy cost sapling transactions reveal more metadata than the "old" legacy joinsplit operations. sapling transactions show the number inputs and outputs used. this functionality increases the options differentiate between transaction types, analyze transaction data and possibly identify behavior related mixing. reduce eliminate this risk important either reduce the usage transparent addresses simply disable from the beginning new blockchain such pirate. our solution pirate aims improve substantially upon the privacy and security features monero and fix the "fungibility problem" zcash. the pirate chain does this means only accepting "sapling" shielded transactions (z-tx), apart from mining rewards and notarizations, explained the dpow section. additionally, the pirate chain secured through the delayed proof-of-work mechanism making its privacy and security features currently unmatched the blockchain industry compared existing privacy coins. the pirate chain: privacy, fungibility and security august the call for full anonymity pirate started the august discord idea zk-snarks coin. the development work jlc komodo asset chains enabled the ability enforce shielded transactions usage adjusting the asset chain parameters new asset chain (grewal asset chain komodo runtime fork and actual independent blockchain. pirate initially started out experiment observe forced ztransactions would work, but the community quickly realized its potential after jlc successfully implemented delayed proof-of-work making pirate essentially feature complete. komodo zcash fork zk-snarks pirate asset chain part the komodo platform ecosystem. the komodo project focuses empowering blockchain entrepreneurs and the average cryptocurrency user with freedom and ease use through blockchain technology(lee komodo began fork the popular privacy coin, zcash. the zcash project itself fork bitcoin. thus, all the features designed satoshi nakamoto the bitcoin protocol are also available komodo. such, komodo retains the same inherent privacy features zcash. among these features are the zcash parameters and zk-snark technology. zk-snarks one the most powerful forms blockchain privacy existence, the provided privacy effectively permanent. this statement even highlighted the main representative monero, riccardo "fluffypony" spagni: "zcash's zksnarks provide much stronger untraceability characteristics than monero (but much smaller privacyset and much higher systemic risks)." komodo asset chains asset chain (officially parallel chain) independently created blockchain that inherits all komodo's features like barterdex compatibility, zero knowledge privacy and delayed proof-of-work etc. but also has numerous custom specifications such custom coin supply and custom rpc-port. more custom features are currently the pipeline get added (pty other examples komodo asset chains include bitcoin hush (btch), chainzilla (zilla), dex, equalizer (eql), kmdice, monaize (mnz), pungo, revs, supernet, utrum and zex. forced z-transactions the best solution the "fungibility problem" disable the ability sending transparent addresses, our opinion. this eliminates the existence transactions from shielded balances transparent balances which are often the root cause decreased fungibility. quoted the main zcash developer himself response the paper called "on the linkability zcash transactions" jeffrey quesnelle: "but answer instead we're going ban unshielded transactions. even simpler." delayed proof-of-work: maximum security and flexibility what delayed proof-of-work? delayed proof-of-work stems from komodo and provides unique and innovative form security which strong the network attaches to, yet does not require the cost run that network. delayed proof-of-work solution that utilizes multiple existing methods into single hybrid consensus system that energy efficient proof-of-stake (pos), while being secured bitcoin's proof-of-work. users who build independent blockchains (asset chains) the komodo ecosystem can choose have block-hash, serving "snapshot" their own blockchain inserted into the komodo main chain. this manner, the records the asset chain are indirectly included the block-hash komodo that pushed onto the blockchain the strongest network (now bitcoin). dpow allows even the weakest blockchains benefit from bitcoin's hash-rate and this turn makes bitcoin's power usage more eco-friendly securing the entire ecosystem dpow addition itself (jlc other than pirate, dpow has been successfully implemented large number asset chains such game credits, einsteinium (emc), pungo and hush amongst others (komodostats what are the mechanics behind delayed proof-of-work? the komodo security service performed notary nodes which are needed record block-hashes onto the bitcoin blockchain, referred notarization (figure notarization entails the creation group signed bitcoin transaction containing the most recent block-hash komodo, signed unknown combination notary nodes (jlc block-hashes the pirate chain (amongst other asset chains) are inserted the komodo blockchain timely fashion well using the same method. this manner, even single surviving copy the komodo main chain will allow the entire ecosystem asset chains overwrite and overrule any attacker's attempted changes. the notary nodes pay the bitcoin transaction fee for notarizing the komodo blockchain. the bitcoin transaction fee costs for notary nodes compensated for block rewards and transaction fees the komodo blockchain going towards notary nodes. therefore expected that the financial interests the stakeholders voting for notary nodes that the stakeholders are comfortable with. largely distributed notary nodes are for election and are expected optimal representation decentralized ecosystem making any type attack highly improbable. figure schematic representation delayed proof-of-work. order reorganize and attack pirate the attacker would need destroy: all existing copies the pirate chain; all copies the komodo main chain; the pow security network (bitcoin) into blockchain notarized data inserted. which the komodo furthermore, notary nodes have the freedom switch the notarization process another pow network shift hash rates between the large blockchains occurs the future. delayed proof-of-work provides pirate with higher than bitcoin-level security, while avoiding the excessive financial and eco-unfriendly costs. through dpow's flexibility offers more flexible and adaptive nature than bitcoin itself. examples attacks blockchains there are number examples which highlight the need for mechanism like delayed proof-of-work: april bug the retargeting mechanism the algorithms vergecurrency (xvg) was exploited means attack. using spoofed timestamps, the need for different algorithm each block was circumvented. the hackers were able submit blocks the chain mining speed block per second, effectively denying the legitimate pools' blocks and causing them lose money (ocminer a). during may the same attack happened but with different approach: hackers sent one block with scrypt algorithm containing spoofed timestamp followed block with lyrare algorithm containing spoofed timestamp and repeating that process and thus lowering the difficulty, the hackers were able mine several blocks per minute (ocminer b). may bitcoin gold was attacked unknown actor who managed steal over btg from cryptocurrency exchanges, the coins were worth million dollars during the attack (roberts nicehash currently offers more than enough hash power for rent attack number small mid-cap cryptocurrencies. the term "nicehashable" has been coined for the ability rent hash attack coin and sites have already popped showcase the hacking opportunities (exaking sapling integration and activation sapling integration sapling integration into the pirate chain has been success due the cooperation between members the komodo ecosystem, with special thanks mike toutonghi from the veruscoin project. pirate stands for fast, cheap and private transactions and sapling the best version the zk-snarks technology which offers that. for that reason, sapling usage forced from the february and onwards make sure the chain works efficiently and privately. users that own pirate need migrate their coins from their sprout addresses sapling addresses before that date. the timing the hard-fork for sapling activation was based block timestamp around the december, utc. the deadline for the migration from sprout sapling was set the february order create sense urgency and get everyone owning pirate involved. the sooner the migration done the better the situation for centralized exchanges and other third party apps. decentralized app (dapp) called "zmigrate" that automatically converts the user's funds sprout addresses into sapling address was developed jlc streamline the migration process sapling. all nodes were needed complete this process the february and pools likewise made the jump sapling addresses after the hard-fork. the migration sapling the dapp zmigrate standalone program which interacts with the daemon "komodod". the dapp will send the pirate the user's sprout address(es) one-time used, randomized transparent address maximum pirate per transaction. many onetime t-addresses are created needed move all funds, with the last transaction probably containing less than (unless funds are divisible k). consequently, the funds from each t-addr are sent the designated sapling shielded address. this manner the user control the funds the entire time and the movement transparent funds will look homogenous possible reduce the damage fungibility the chain. the result the process that all the funds the user are transferred from the old sprout address their sapling address choice. the technical improvements sapling enables the development the following features: point-of-sale integration hardware wallets web shop plugins (fast) mobile wallets through enabling simple payment verification (zspv) (in development) emission scheme and technical characteristics pirate chain contains the following technical characteristics and features after the december: mining algorithm: equihash proof-of-work delayed proof-of-work block-time: seconds transaction fee: arrr transaction signing under seconds transactions per second: tps send addresses single transaction sizes bytes with max. memory usage only (raspberry pi) block size maximum viewing keys which offer the ability see all transactions assigned address ability generate "endless" number "lite" wallets sent pirate (arrr) emission schedule figure the emission schedule pirate (arrr) there halving event block rewards every blocks which equates roughly days per reward period. the supply maxed roughly million pirate (arrr). tor support possible run pirate chain over the tor network and obfuscate your address, number which linked your geographical location. user you need tor browser and the komodo binaries able run the pirate chain. step-by-step guide available pirate.black. tor support request has been shared with agama wallet developers. once done, setting tor for coin asset chain very easy. centralized exchanges support the community was unsure centralized exchanges would able accept pirate first because the lack transparent addresses. not long after the inception pirate, pirate has worked with exchange developers and coders facilitate the use z-address deposits and withdrawals world's first. this particular exchange digitalprice and successfully launched trading the end october roadmap the dates the following pirate features and third party developments (such tortuga) are estimations based quarter yearly basis and listed order expectancy. tor browser support z-address payout mining pools first z-address discord tip bot facilitate z-addresses cex paper wallet website rebrand onboarding referrals pirate lottery bot sapling pirate foundation tortuga (cex) simple payment verification (zspv) hardware wallet integrations (complete) (complete) (complete) (complete) the pirate guide onboard pirate buy easily and safely small numbers arrr: https://dexstats.info/onboarding.php how mine calculate your estimated earnings: https://dexstats.info/piratecalc.php getting started: https://medium.com/piratechain/how-to-mine-pirate-step-by-step-withgpu-s-cfdbcfe choose join pool from: https://miningpoolstats.stream/pirate keep eye pirate hashrate: https://dexstats.info/piratehash.php buy and trade pirate sign-up digitalprice and trade arrr for btc, eth kmd: https://digitalprice.io/?inviter=fdaf (official pirate ref. link) social media pirate active bitcointalk, discord, medium, reddit, steemit, telegram, twitter and listed coin statistic website coinpaprika. https://coinpaprika.com/coin/arrr-pirate/ https://discord.gg/mbzhzgz https://medium.com/@piratechain https://www.reddit.com/user/piratechain https://steemit.com/@piratechain https://twitter.com/piratechain https://t.me/piratechain vhttps://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=. source code and wallets github: https://github.com/piratenetwork agama wallet: https://github.com/komodoplatform/agama/releases pirate gui wallet: https://github.com/leto/treasurechest references bowe, "cultivating sapling: faster zk-snarks--zcash blog". zcash blog. exaking. "pow attack cost". https://www.exaking.com/. grewal, satinder. "satinder's notes the pirate chain". https://blog.komodoplatform.com/pirates-of-komodo-platformcdcbdf. hopwood, daira, sean bowe, taylor hornby, nathan wilcox. "zcash protocol specification". japparova, irina, ramona rupeika-apoga. "banking business models the digital future: the case latvia". european research studies (a). professor thalassinos: jlc. "delayed proof work (dpow) whitepaper". github. https://github.com/komodoplatform/komodo/wiki/delayedproof-of-work-(dpow)-whitepaper. kappos, george, haaroon yousaf, mary maller, sarah meiklejohn. "an empirical analysis anonymity zcash". arxiv preprint arxiv:.. komodostats. "asset chains notarizations summary". https://komodostats.com/acs.php. lee, james. "komodo: advanced blockchain technology, focused freedom." komodo. moser, malte. "anonymity bitcoin transactions". nakamoto, satoshi. "bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system". working paper. ocminer. "network attack xvg verge". bitcointalk. https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=.. ------. "network attack xvg verge (page )". bitcointalk. https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=.msg#msg pty "what parallel chain (asset chain)?" komodo platform. https://komodoplatform.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/kpsd/pages/ /what+is+a+parallel+chain+asset+chain. quesnelle, jeffrey. "on the linkability zcash transactions". arxiv preprint arxiv:.. roberts, jeff john. "bitcoin spinoff hacked rare attack'". fortune. http://fortune.com////bitcoingold-hack/. saberhagen, nicolas van. "cryptonote .". sasson, eli ben, alessandro chiesa, christina garman, matthew green, ian miers, eran tromer, madars virza. "zerocash: decentralized anonymous payments from bitcoin". ieee symposium security and privacy (sp),