thekey decentralized ecosystem identity verification tool using national big-data and blockchain white paper october thekey white paper table content executive summary background thekey project what thekey project how thekey project works existing idv solution thekey ecosystem and tky token thekey ecosystem how thekey ecosystem works future world with thekey convenient life automatic diagnosis and treatment diseases accurate recommendation roadmap thekey project team and partner project team advisors and consultants investors and strategic partners partners administration committee conclusion copyright (c) thekey bdmi international foundation. all rights reserved thekey white paper executive summary more and more services and socializing shift from the real world the online world, identifying each other digitally has become prominent theme. development identity verification ("idv") technology one the most significant trends, which will have critical impact the digital economy. however, none the existing online idv technologies addresses two fundamental requirements: results generated from online idv should undeniable and unalterable. thekey project now developing second-generation idv solution for the internet via bdmi technology. bdmi stands for "blockchain based dynamic multi-dimension identification" technology. such solution perfectly echoes the main requirements for identifying each other the digital world, which 'the key' for migrating people from the real world the online world. bdmi, the name it, synergistically combines dynamic multi-dimension identification ("dmi") technology and blockchain technology. dmi has already passed its development stage and currently applied thekey's existing first-generation idv solutions, which has built very solid ground work guarantee the successful development bdmi, copyrights have been obtained, patents have been accepted sipo (state intellectual property office the p.r.c) and start attestation process. thekey's first-generation idv solution currently use for mobile social insurance pay two pilot cities, which people can receive their payment for their pension, healthcare insurance reimbursement. the idv solution currently being deployed another cities, covering more than million people. personal identity data million people cities, copyright (c) thekey bdmi international foundation. all rights reserved thekey white paper authenticated the relevant government authorities, are connected real-time basis. this constitutes solid foundation idv. commercial contracts signed with world-leading firms and the business model our idv products this white paper have already been partly proven. six relevant national laboratories have been set together with government agencies, banks, insurance companies and one university. along with the development second-generation idv solution, facilitated token sales, thekey project team will also develop thekey ecosystem for providing idv services (the "ecosystem"). thekey ecosystem will consist three components participants (validator, service provider and individual user), smart contracts and tky tokens (thekey token). the objectives setting thekey ecosystem are, develop healthy environment where personal identity information ("pii") can properly used and protected, and provide financial incentive the participants the ecosystem. thekey generates idv results crosschecking multi-dimensionally with the latest pii, behavior data and scene data. consider example case for idv process thekey ecosystem. thekey ecosystem, when individual user living beijing needs identified, such for the purchase medical insurance singapore, the insurance company will trigger request for idv service and start -step-journey follows: the insurance company, the service provider, triggers idv request including certain medical histories the given individual user. the user accepts the idv request using his her fingerprint through thekey app the equipment the insurance company, and also signs off the relevant smart contract between the copyright (c) thekey bdmi international foundation. all rights reserved thekey white paper insurance company, thekey and the user. thekey will review the idv data request sent the service provider against the kyc (know your customer) policy the relevant industry justify the data request reasonable. thekey will make comparisons between fingerprint data sent and the relevant data validated the government, and then cross check the latest pii data, behavior data well scene data the given user. these are all automatically settled through encrypted interfaces. once thekey satisfied with the validity user's id, idv will continue. relevant pii like medical history data will collected defined the smart contract. thekey will stamp its approval blockchain verification the result that the medical insurance company can use it. the smart contract will settled tky tokens. the same time, all previous calculations will documented for future data audit. the credit the user and the medical insurance company will regularly evaluated and calculated through the above-mentioned data audit. the idv result generated from the above efficient, accurate and reliable. could also tailor-made for any specific requirement from the service provider subject relevant applicable kyc laws and regulations. this process will significantly reduce the cost the insurance company and therefore further reduce the premium paid the user. compared other peers idv industry, who are also applying idv into blockchain, bdmi has the following three advantages: more reliable results the supporting data gathered real time, copyright (c) thekey bdmi international foundation. all rights reserved thekey white paper comprehensive, accurate and reliable. the data also validated advance government agencies other public institutions. lower cost full use existing data sources. avoidance duplicate work for data collection, processing and authentication, better user experience not necessary for individual users install any application upload any information. now invite you hold thekey with us. background identity verification ("idv") day-to-day demand for growing number institutions and individuals. just think about when you open bank account, take flights and abroad, hospital and claim social medical insurance, shopping using credit cards, even open the door your own home with key, the request for proving that you are 'you' raised everywhere and every moment the real world. with services and socializing shifted from the real world the online world, idv becoming increasingly prominent. the internet more anonymous space, people are able hide their real identities specific websites. one specialty for idv the internet that there stable connection between the individual end user and the identity data stored uploaded the internet for verification. good example credit card fraud. the credit card user not necessary the credit card holder himself herself, simply inputting the required information the credit card would enable the payment proceed online. although nowadays, banks may provide double confirmation mechanism such sending random code registered mobile phone. however, what the mobile phone has been stolen the same time? more importantly, just like idv the real world, idv digital world not only matter digital security for privacy protection, but also heavily involved the copyright (c) thekey bdmi international foundation. all rights reserved thekey white paper discussions around financial, political, moral, legal responsibility, and sometimes, even social stability and national security. the result idv service, therefore, must undeniable and unalterable many cases. the abovementioned example illustrates the features for solid idv solution internet should include that the supporting data should accurate and reliable. the identification data used for idv service should the data authenticated the relevant government authorities, not the data uploaded user himself herself. use data uploaded users will give room for fraud and deceit. the data needs crosschecked with other data the same user, but from different sources ensure solidity idv the internet. the data acquired comprehensive, and serve various idv purposes. the data updated real time capture any changes. the data standardized and easy for digital processing; the data well protected, with its safety guaranteed. this not only for privacy protection but also for social stability. some cases, needs address national security issues the regulator expects. failure meet these requirements might cause substantial loss, especially the areas indicated below: asset loss peer-to-peer value transaction, like credit card fraud. legal and reputational implication, such inappropriate statement published online impostor who dishonestly uses someone else's name. copyright (c) thekey bdmi international foundation. all rights reserved thekey white paper disclosure theft personal data. disclosure national confidential information. the data's safety not only related privacy protection, but also about national security. some statics based sensitive individual data, such the data carrying medical and health information, are classified national confidential information. avoid any misuse causing social instability, access such information requires government authority approval advance many countries. the existing idv technologies, which have been developed and applied the internet, can meet parts the requirements. however, none can address all the issues listed above and the current idv result could denied and altered. thekey project what thekey project thekey project, world-leading solution provider idv industry, here leverage innovations blockchain and smart contract technologies develop its second-generation idv solution address all the above-mentioned issues the internet world. thekey smart contract system will use neo smart contract, and develop under dna framework. thekey will co-establish smart economy which consists digital asset, digital identity and smart contract together with neo. focusing identity verification, thekey will the fundamental element the whole system. the compatibility neo towards multi-programming language and the lightweight, high concurrency and expansibility neovm will facilitate thekey smart contract development and popularization various industries. copyright (c) thekey bdmi international foundation. all rights reserved thekey white paper the second-generation idv solution will realized bdmi technology. bdmi stands for "blockchain based dynamic multi-dimension identification" technology, which aims set powerful and cost-efficient identity verification tool for the internet. the ultimate objective bdmi generate undeniable and unalterable idv results. bdmi embraces the six elements below simultaneously deliver the perfect solution for idv: unique biometric data serves the base bdmi. the key data bdmi used for idv, including biometric data, are all validated advance the relevant government authorities. the data bdmi used for idv are comprehensive enough that can meet the different requirements various clients. ensure the reliability bdmi, cross-checking always carried out during idv, between the government validated data and behavior data and scene data the same user. ensure solidity bdmi, bdmi always uses updated data when idv executed, capture the latest changes, any. once idv completed, the result will properly documented for audit that personal credit the user can evaluated and calculated. how thekey project works bdmi combination two technologies, i.e. dmi and blockchain. dmi instead setting centralized database for idv solution thekey deploys its dmi system within the information centers provincial copyright (c) thekey bdmi international foundation. all rights reserved thekey white paper municipal governments. the biggest advantage such deployment avoidance duplicate work for data collection, processing and authentication. dmi system deployed different cities focus processing the centralized acquired data and mainly includes five modules indicated hereunder: data collection module. based etl technology, which enables data extracted from different data resources, transformed uniformed format and upload central site. idv based the existed data can avoid the reduplicative cost data collection, data processing, analysis and data verification. data standardization module. once the data collected, needs standardized before can properly used. data standardization module, two sub-modules are important, indicated below, communication protocol standardization module. this module carries out interactive transmission the information among different data systems. when there information exchange between different systems, the module will fulfill the information visit and exchange standardized communication protocol. the flow chart below illustrates how this module works. copyright (c) thekey bdmi international foundation. all rights reserved thekey white paper term standardization module. each industry has its own terminologies. even the same term used different area may refer different thing. this module relies three pillars: ontology, nlp (natural language processing) and (artificial interference), solve this problem and build the foundation for data application diversified scenarios serve various purposes. the chart below shows how terminology standardized under this module. primary user index module. this module build search copyright (c) thekey bdmi international foundation. all rights reserved thekey white paper dictionary, which can used easily find all the relevant files every individual. all pii given individual will collected per his her id/ ssn and the module will organize the data time-based inveted file. inveted file, the data will structured tree, which contains primary index, secondary index and child indexes. the module categorizes the collected and processed data for idv into different level indexes defined advance. when idv process triggered, the input data will extracted and searched, matches the information primary index. the information matches, will continue cross-check the information secondary index data warehouse solution module. this module ensure all the individual files are properly stored the data warehouse that once idv process trigged, the relevant files can easily found. the data warehouse solution will also embrace functions like data input, revise, statistics and retrieval. idv engine. the main function the idv engine complete the idv service forms attestation based the data exchange platform, which embraces the four modules described above. when idv process trigged, the biometric data sent the user will verified the idv engine against the biometric data the same user but authenticated data stored government authorities. the initial verification will further crosschecked with the latest behavior and scene data the given user, received from other validators. once the idv engine satisfied with the validity the biometric data sent, the idv process will continue. relevant pii and other metadata will collected the idv engine requested, and the result idv service will released forms attestation. the same time, the results all previous calculations from every step idv will properly documented the engine for regular audit. personal credit will evaluated copyright (c) thekey bdmi international foundation. all rights reserved thekey white paper and calculated through the previously mentioned audit. demonstrated above with dmi technology, the centrally collected data could well processed, transformed and easy exchange among different systems. afterwards, the data will encrypted with hash algorithm blockchain for decentralized application. data ownership verification, authorization, pricing and payment will all happen blockchain. blockchain blockchain distributed ledger where the data stored and recorded different nodes, which maintain the data and transaction activities. blockchain uses asymmetric cryptographic algorithm, ensuring the data transmission and the safety utilization, which characterized several features e.g. immutability, irreversibility, security etc. particular, smart contracts are realized programmable scripts, increasing the practicability blockchain. with those features, the application dilemma identity verification technology overcome. the following logical structure map clearly shows how the dmi technology applies blockchain develop the new revolutionary idv solution. copyright (c) thekey bdmi international foundation. all rights reserved thekey white paper thekey project team working combining dmi technology blockchain that the following could delivered: individual user would have full control their pii information and kyc standard each industry should followed part smart contract when initiating and processing idv request; all records pii relevant data collection and use will stored the blockchain for auditing the future, and avoid any misuse; address the requirement idv result being unaltered and avoid catastrophic breakdown, relevant data currently saved centralized servers various organizations will indexed with identity data block correspondingly and stored distributed way. due the limit storage size blockchain, alternative option save pii data the etl database the validator thekey ecosystem, and save the hash value the underlying data blockchain. bdmi the bdmi framework can divided into three different layers protocol, interface and application shown below. the protocol layer set based blockchain, which applicable for bdmi technical selection, such eth, eos, neo etc. this layer sets the safety level, data authority, concurrency and flow processing. the interface layer provides identification data modeling which the protocol layer can connected with applications, realize data standardization, anti-fraud modeling and smart contract trigger etc. the application layer will realize the scenarios where identification can used, where interface and sdk (software development kit) shall provided for the data exchange. copyright (c) thekey bdmi international foundation. all rights reserved thekey white paper existing idv solution before continue with the second-generation idv solution are working on, let look back our existing idv solution. our existing idv solution, developed thekey project team, now being used app known "social medical insurance which people can make mobile social medical insurance payment. the app has connection between the individual users and hospitals. the user can login the app instruct payment for prescription sent physician when going the hospital. unlike other smart payments our daily life which are made out personal bank accounts (for example shopping), social medical insurance payment made out social medical insurance account. more requirements need fulfilled before social medical insurance payment made. due the nature social medical insurance, critical identify the payment applicant the same person the beneficiary the scheme. our existing idv solution facilitates this process -step-journey indicated hereunder, registration. the user needs upload his her biometrics data for registration the app. such biometric data will checked copyright (c) thekey bdmi international foundation. all rights reserved thekey white paper against relevant data validated the medical insurance administration agency. meanwhile, will further crosschecked with the data that has been validated and stored other organizations, such telecommunication companies and banks. after the dual-check work, the registration could completed. once the user goes hospital, s/he uses his her finger print face make the payment instruction through the registered app which triggers idv request. response the user's payment instruction the hospital will send the prescription the claim, via the registered app the user, medical insurance agency. thekey will first make comparison between the biometric data from the user and the biometric data authenticated and stored medical insurance administration agency. once thekey satisfied with the consistency the first checkpoint described above, thekey will further crosscheck with the latest information collected from other institutions, like public security agencies, telecommunication and internet companies, among many others. this assess the user still alive, and s/he still enjoys the entitlement medical insurance. once the user has been proven eligible for medical insurance, thekey will then collect all other relevant information for authenticity, eligibility, compliance and rationality checks against the claim submitted. once the medical insurance administration satisfied with those checks, the payment will approved. the results the above calculation will all properly documented after the transaction completed for regular audit. copyright (c) thekey bdmi international foundation. all rights reserved thekey white paper the audit, credit both user and hospital will evaluated, calculated and documented, per the anti-fraud, abuse and waste policies the medical insurance administration agency. criteria from other industry like financial industry, telecommunication, fintech companies are also used, pilot basis, for personal credit evaluation. two remarkable features our existing idv solution compared others are: the data used for validation not acquired the individual user. instead, the consistency leading towards idv results between the data uploaded individual user and the data which has been validated from government public authorities. the biggest advantage this structure avoid "contamination data source right from the starting point idv" since acquiring identity-related data from user and then using the reference will provide room for fraud and deceit. what the app provides channel bridging the information submitted the user and the user's own identity record stored government public institutions. not need users store their personal identifiable information ("pii") the app. therefore, hackers are unable access users' information invading any newly developed platforms. have far already achieved the following with our existing idv solution, which constitutes solid foundation for bdmi, copyrights have been obtained, patents have been accepted sipo (state intellectual property office the p.r.c) and start attestation process. the previously mentioned app used two pilot cities, with which people can make payment directly from their social medical copyright (c) thekey bdmi international foundation. all rights reserved thekey white paper insurance account. the idv solution now being deployed another cities, covering more than million people. personal identity data, authenticated relevant government authorities million people cities, are connected real-time basis, which constitutes solid foundation idv. commercial contracts signed with the reputable firms worldwide, and the business model our idv products has been proven. six relevant national laboratories have been set together with government agencies, banks, insurance companies and one university. the existing idv solution thekey project team has demonstrated the feasibility technology realization and massive commercial value. although have already made substantial progress idv industry, our existing idv solution only applicable centralized community present. hence, mentioned above, are planning improve our idv solution introducing blockchain technology. blockchain offers compelling solution the problem combining accessibility with privacy and security. records can held securely, using end-to-end encryption, and yet openly referenced and documented decentralized autonomy community. this solves the problem dealing with highly sensitive classified information way that still enforces all the privacy and confidentiality rights that consumers and regulators expect. moreover, blockchain technology will also help establish ecosystem, through smart contract and digital currency, that all participants are financially motivated. with blockchain technology, expect our planned idv product can serve users better. people will longer need card, passport, keys, credit card, even mobile phone for making payments, opening bank accounts, applying for loans, receiving pensions, and paying medical bills. copyright (c) thekey bdmi international foundation. all rights reserved thekey white paper comparing with other peers idv industry who are also applying idv into blockchain, our second-generation idv solution has the following relative advantages: more reliable results the supporting data gathered real time, comprehensive, accurate and reliable. the data also validated advance government agencies other public institutions. lower cost full use existing data sources. avoidance duplicate work for data collection, processing and authentication, better user experience not necessary for individual users install any application upload any information. thekey ecosystem and tky token along with the development second-generation idv solution, facilitated token sales, thekey project team intends develop thekey ecosystem for providing idv service (the "ecosystem"). the thekey ecosystem will decentralized autonomy community, which will consist three components participants, (validator, service provider and individual user) smart contracts and tky tokens. the objectives setting thekey ecosystem are, develop healthy environment where pii can properly used and protected, provide financial incentive the participants the ecosystem. thekey ecosystem ecosystem participants there are three parties thekey ecosystem: validators who process the idv request and generate the idv result, service providers who initiate idv request and individual users who are the customer the copyright (c) thekey bdmi international foundation. all rights reserved thekey white paper service provider and need give consent validators process the idv request. ecosystem. among others, the validators are the backbone the the validators may include thekey, government entities, financial institutions and utility companies among many others. since thekey already idv service provider trusted the parties concerned, easier obtain data needed for idv service from other sources, including highly sensitive data from government agencies well the data like medical records from hospitals. is, therefore, important node important validator decentralized idv ecosystem. however not the only node validator the ecosystem. once validators receive idv request against user from service providers, together with consent the same user forms smart contracts, they will process the idv request and generate result. after that, they are able 'stamp' their approval the blockchain. smart contract smart contracts will play important role thekey ecosystem. before idv service provided, various smart contracts need signed off all parties concerned, including validators, individual users and service providers who are seeking idv service against the same user. smart contracts will have "built-in" government rules, regulations well kyc (know your customer) policies different industries. the built-in policies governments and industries will not only make healthier ecosystem but also save customer time for confirming what pii can used every time when idv service needed. smart contracts are also enable the transactions among the validators, users and service providers. with individual user's consent, validators will provide with idv service the service provider who makes such request. service provider, subject applicable kyc policies, can choose among the validators for what hierarchy pii and data source requires serve its specific idv purpose. copyright (c) thekey bdmi international foundation. all rights reserved the price for thekey white paper providing tailor-made idv service will adjusted the validators. such transaction will conclude smart contract among the individual users, validators and service providers. tky token thekey token ("tky token"), another major component the ecosystem, the only method settle smart contracts signed between the participants thekey ecosystem. once the validator, service provider and the individual user all sign-off the transaction via the smart contract, the concerned parties will use tky tokens settle the contract according the agreed price and payment sharing plan. tky tokens would not only obtained purchasing token sale events, but will also able earned. individual users, service providers and validators could perform valuable actions thekey ecosystem earn tky tokens. for example, when government authorities, hospitals and other service providers validators provide with valuable data the ecosystem subject individual user consent, tky tokens could gained and shared among the data providers and individual users. addition, the credit obtained current users who are using our first generation idv product could convert their credits tky tokens and spend thekey ecosystem. tky tokens will frequently used thekey ecosystem. tky tokens, the individual users can use them after having purchase identity-related products and services that will developed later stage from thekey, such service run personal background check access individual credit reports, etc. service providers will pay tky tokens validators purchase idv service. other validators will also make their identity-related products and services available through the ecosystem. moreover, thekey will also use tky tokens for paying other validators data providers when collecting data enhance the copyright (c) thekey bdmi international foundation. all rights reserved thekey white paper overall accuracy, comprehensively and completeness pii for idv processing. compared other existing tokens even fiat currencies, the unreplaceable function the dedicated token, key tokens, key ecosystem includes that can used for cross-border payment easily; can used for the smart contracts generated key ecosystem; fractionally divisible. certain portion tky tokens will become liquid during the token sale help promote thekey ecosystem. like other cryptocurrencies, units tky tokens are fungible and transferable. the ledger will provide secure mechanism for owners transfer tky tokens other participants and tky tokens are expected trade cryptocurrency exchanges near future. with the development and expansion copyright (c) thekey bdmi international foundation. all rights reserved thekey white paper thekey ecosystem, more and more participants thekey ecosystem are using tky tokens for idv service, the core value tky tokens could realized. how thekey ecosystem works the main features for idv service process thekey ecosystem are below: individual users are always full control his her pii. individual user will use biometric data, such fingerprints face through thekey app device installed the service providers, confirm his her consent for validators process the idv request which sent the service provider. process will continued unless the individual user makes such confirmation. specific requirements pii data the idv request will reviewed against the kyc standard policy different industry before processing idv requests. aside from the confirmation from individual users, validators will also check the eligibility the idv request. for example, idv request sent out hotel containing the information individual users certain medical history might rejected, not compliant with hotel kyc industry standards. however, the same request from medical insurance company may considered and accepted. individual user does not need upload his her pii. validators will collect requested data accordingly after ratification the first two items above. not one, but three sets data pii will used during the process idv conducted thekey via bdmis technology. idv service thekey result real-time cross-checking, between identity data, behavior data well scene data given user. identity data are from government authorities, behavior data are copyright (c) thekey bdmi international foundation. all rights reserved thekey white paper usually from financial institutions and utility companies among many others, whilst scene data are normally from service providers who are seeking for idv service. for example, idv result per request from hotel hong kong positive, one hour later, the idv result based request from another hotel based the united states against the same user might negative, there some conflict the scene data for the given user. difficult obtain all the data required from various data sources, and get them ready advance one point for particular idv service. equally difficult provide such idv service via centralized service system. now possible, however, through blockchain technology, use those highly sensitive data for idv service widely and openly, while pii users are well protected. every data source/validator decentralized idv environment node the chain. consider example case for idv process thekey ecosystem. when individual user who living beijing needs identified, such for the purchasing medical insurance singapore, the insurance company will trigger request for idv service and start -step-journey follows, the insurance company, the service provider triggers off idv request including certain medical-use history the given individual user; the user accepts the idv request using his her fingerprint through thekey app the equipment the insurance company, and also signs off the relevant smart contract between the insurance company, thekey and the user. thekey will review the idv data request sent the service provider against the kyc policy the relevant industry justify the requested data reasonable. copyright (c) thekey bdmi international foundation. all rights reserved thekey white paper thekey will make comparisons between fingerprint data sent and the relevant data validated the government, and then cross check the latest data, behavior data well scene data the given user. these are all automatically settled through encrypted interfaces. once thekey satisfied with the validity user's id, idv will continue. relevant pii and other metadata will collected defined the smart contract. thekey will stamp its approval blockchain the verification result that the medical insurance company can use it. the smart contract will settled tky tokens. the same time, all previous calculations will documented for future data audit. the credit the user and the medical insurance company will regularly evaluated and calculated through the above-mentioned data audit. such idv process above would significantly reduce the cost but enhance the accuracy and reliability for the medical insurance company, which will help reduce insurance premiums. future world with thekey light the rise e-commerce and increasingly digital lives, the need idv service has spilled quickly over every sector. thekey ecosystem perfect platform using bdmi technology built distributed model with multi-parties attestation and fueled tky token. serves the fundamental layers other ecosystems, either on-chain off-chain. the individual end users not need make any effort prove who they are, such credit card, keys mobile phones for idv purpose, but simply connecting into thekey ecosystem. considering the huge copyright (c) thekey bdmi international foundation. all rights reserved thekey white paper number mainstream users and the rise idv service requirements, believe thekey ecosystem very promising and expandable. here are some example uses below. convenient life when you open the door, face recognition and fingerprint digitals the door handle will scan the user confirm the identity, and compare with the latest behaviors maintained blockchain, which will justify the rationality the time and place you are now granting access. exit and entry through customs complicated. however, with thekey ecosystem, things get easier via face recognition and fingerprint verification, backstage information, blacklist from public security office, visa record, flight information and hotel information, will ensure effective clearance the customs. automatic diagnosis and treatment diseases the intelligent device your body will detect the detailed data about your body when you feel feverish. moreover, can also tell where you are sick; mts will diagnose your disease and recommend the most suitable medicine diagnosis and treatment scheme according your health record. can even recommend the nearest and best doctor you. the mixed payment from social security funds, self-paying and pooling funds will completed one action. besides, the blockchain iot technology will help you get the cheapest medicine fast possible, which can traced back the source. accurate recommendation the case that you want purchase life medical insurance, you can choose join mutual insurance organization, choose large copyright (c) thekey bdmi international foundation. all rights reserved thekey white paper insurance company. you can give certain access permissions the insurance organization, which will base appropriate insurance package for you. the insuring, underwriting and claim settlement are all based your electric identity thekey ecosystem, and controlled smart contracts. moreover, you can sell your own personal data insurance companies for actuarial purposes, which can decrease the insurance premium you need pay. this also realized via smart contracts the thekey ecosystem. every aspect life need idv based bdmi technology i.e. security check, access permission, medical treatment and shopping, etc. the existence thekey ecosystem will make the internet and the real identity integrated together facilitate your life. copyright (c) thekey bdmi international foundation. all rights reserved thekey white paper roadmap copyright (c) thekey bdmi international foundation. all rights reserved thekey white paper thekey project team and partner project team catherine (ceo) bch. med., sc.,(computer science, mc. gill uni.) firstly introduced blockchain dmi and has deep understanding the industry application blockchain. five years' experience canadian international research council, where she was charge large cooperation projects leading universities europe and america. ten years management and sales experience ims health. catherine experienced big data technology, medical informatics and multinational corporations cross-domain talent. m.sc. majored computer science mcgill university canada, granted with the canadian national scholarship and quebec provincial scholarship the same time. the chairwomen and ceo the project, catherine responsible for policymaking and implementation the project. her major achievements are follows, founder dynamic multi-dimension identification technology. first the world provide idv service internet which has been well accepted government, banks, statutory and private insurance, mobile medicine well the world leading smart payment companies. team leader; successful completion the data acquisition copyright (c) thekey bdmi international foundation. all rights reserved thekey white paper program the project covering identification related data million people cities from varies government departments, financial institutions well utility companies. team leader; six national laborites the relevant scientific areas with government, insurance companies and universities. team leader; champion and bronze prize winner, china social security data application championship, ministry human resources and social security china, the most outstanding women entrepreneur china, all-china women's federation, guochun (cto) sc. (computer science) years working experience the field computer software and more than years' experience technical management. years china unicom's information department technician. guochun specializes data processing, natural language processing and other technologies. expertise blockchain and big data application. b.sc. majored computer science and technology heilongjiang institute technology guochun responsible for product planning, development and evaluation. his major achievements are summarized follows: team leader; successfully completed the design, development, maintenance and management dmi technology. team leader; successfully completed the deployment cities. possession copyrights and certification iso and copyright (c) thekey bdmi international foundation. all rights reserved thekey white paper cmmiii, and applied for patents (incl. blockchain). passed iso and cmmi iii. dasheng zhou (chief blockchain officer) sc. (computer science) -year working experience and achievements the fields big data, blockchain, and artificial intelligence, served the product director kangjian shixun technology, good will, etc. work experience banking finance, energy transportation, e-government, education and medical with solutions and services based the blockchain technology. and successfully led the team make the achievement the concept verification personal privacy protection through blockchain. dasheng responsible for blockchain technology development and application. his major achievements are summarized follows: team leader, responsible for the prototype framework design dynamic multi-dimension identification ("dmi") products, and the modeling multi domains identity verification scene kyc. team leader, designed the blockchain products meeting the needs large scale users, which can tolerate the high concurrent transactions while protecting user privacy and data security. team leader, accomplished the product design drug traceability system and the application medial health records; fulfilled the task the preparatory work blockchain laboratory. copyright (c) thekey bdmi international foundation. all rights reserved thekey white paper yuli huang(chief data officer) b.sc, work experience leading medical and informatics companies such good doctor, cnki, etc. yuli possesses expertise the field data entity relation identification, terminology standardization, structuralization electronic medical record (emr) and intelligent auxiliary diagnosis, etc. m.sc. xiangya school medicine, central south university yuli responsible for data cleaning processing, knowledge base, data modeling and analysis. her major achievements are summarized follows: possession copyrights and applied for patents; team leader, completed the data modeling world's first dmi project. kun chen (cmo) sc., sc. ph. marketing medical data, service and software working experiences chinese pharmaceutical association, searainbow, business engine, etc.) rich experience commercialization raw data, market positioning and business development. ph.d. institute marine drugs and foods, ocean university china dr. chen responsible for government and industry related affairs. his copyright (c) thekey bdmi international foundation. all rights reserved thekey white paper major achievements are summarized follows: team leader; signed data acquisition contracts with relevant government authorities, financial institutions and utility companies cities. team leader; signed plus world leading commercial firms for idv services. addition the above, the team consists another members. advisors and consultants roger lim (blockchain and cryptocurrency investor) roger notable blockchain investor having participated many projects this space. roger will share his experience and advise thekey various aspects the tge. co-founder and ceo webvisions, one the largest managed hosting services provider asia; partner innosight ventures, venture capital firm based singapore. copyright (c) thekey bdmi international foundation. all rights reserved thekey white paper qingyue chen founder zhen ip, cfa, venture investor, experts blockchain financing system designer investors and strategic partners partners with the commercialization dmi, more and more world leading companies have already established partnership relations with us, some copyright (c) thekey bdmi international foundation. all rights reserved thekey white paper which are shown here. administration committee thekey organizing administration committee (hereafter referred "administration committee") which decentralized organization specializing the standardization and popularization the identification system. will manage the use resources for this project for the best benefit all participants and stakeholders, including operation management, market promotion, underlying technology and construction service system, well planning and technology development. administration committee will decide how use the incubation fund assist and support the potential project teams and make the ecological business environment thekey ecosystem healthier and fruitful. administration committee consists investor representatives, founders and partner representatives, which are responsible for the decision-making, supervision etc. the constitution could changed copyright (c) thekey bdmi international foundation. all rights reserved thekey white paper voting for best the project development and operation. conclusion the thekey project has been prospected since aiming provide state-of-the-art and admirable user experience for idv solution. the great success our first-generation idv solution based dmi technology has proven the strong ability and commitment thekey project team deliver the second-generation idv solution, well the massive commercial value such promising and expandable market. currently, thekey project team envisions that new decentralized ecosystem for everyone's daily life will generated utilizing the combination the existing developed technology and blockchain technology. moreover, the shared idv solution provided thekey project not merely the underlying basis for the prospective artificial intelligence (ai), but the essential element for all network legal relations (including copyright and data exchange) and crucial support for the popularization and development blockchain technology. copyright (c) thekey bdmi international foundation. all rights reserved