public chain for digital asset escrow decentralized "paypal" whitepaper https://themis.network overview .............................................................................................................. fair exchange digital commerce ....................................................... transactions between different digital currencies ......................................... transactions between digital currency and physical goods ........................ design objectives themis .................................................................................... architecture themis ................................................................................ themis blockchain ..................................................................................................... group escrow service protocol ......................................................................... disputes settlement ................................................................................................. strategy election ............................................................................................... security design ......................................................................................................... typical workflow .................................................................................................... themis wallet ............................................................................................................ key technologies .......................................................................................... fair exchange via group escrow ......................................................................... anonymous reputation mechanism based verifiable shuffles and linkable ring signatures ............................................................................................... non-interactive zero knowledge proof ............................................................ digital signature algorithm with high-concurrency verification ability scenarios .......................................................................................................... peer-to-peer escrow payments ............................................................................. digital currencies exchange ................................................................................ accounts supervising and security escrow ...................................................... multi-agent assets escrow ................................................................................... roadmap ............................................................................................................ overview blockchain-based digital currencies are radical importance today's trading activities. result, number digital currency exchanges were founded and their usage exploding. the same time with the rise tokenized economy, more and more countries such japan, germany, and australia, are accepting cryptocurrency payments. there huge potential that the market will continue expand globally and accept the commercialization digital currency. figure. trend cryptocurrencies currently, most digital currency exchanges and peer-to-peer transaction providers focus ensuring the security transactions but pay little attention fairness. for example, htlc (hashed time-lock contract), widely-used atomic exchange technology, vulnerable denial service (dos) attacks. attackers may launch dos attacks the period time-lock make the counterparty unable obtain refund specific time. themis figure. requirements analysis meanwhile, during the process trading between the digital currency and goods, buyers prefer paying the seller after the goods are received, whereas the seller has opposite preference mind. this situation means the transaction and delivery are unable take place the same precise time, can difficult achieve atomic exchange with the guaranteed fairness. common solution resorting trusted third-party achieve fairness, however, this solution not entirely satisfactory due previous failures. there have been several bitcoin exchanges and online markets (such mt.gox, coincheck) attacked hackers. for decades, fair exchange protocols have been extensively studied. however, the recent emergence blockchain takes fair exchange protocols renaissance. themis figure trusted third parties developed themis fair exchange system for digital currencies. based blockchain technology, themis provides decentralized digital currency escrow service provide fair exchange services among digital currencies, digital assets, and physical goods. themis leverages novel group escrow protocol, along with threshold encryption, anonymous reputation mechanisms, non-interactive zero-knowledge proof, high performance digital signature algorithms, order provide atomic exchange with guaranteed fairness. also, themis able mitigate dos attacks, and provide privacy for all peers. themis the most respected and trusted wife zeus's. the goddess law and justice, she the creator and guardian order. themis fair exchange digital commerce fairly exchanging digital content everyday problem. fair exchange scenario commonly involves actors alice and bob. alice has something that bob wants, and bob has something that alice wants. fair exchange protocol guarantees that the end either one them obtains what (s)he wants, neither them does. digital commerce, requirement include fair exchange since one both the parties are using digital currencies subject matter. for example, transactions between different digital currencies, transactions between digital currencies and physical goods. transactions between different digital currencies traditionally, transactions between digital currencies are executed cryptocurrency exchanges. exchanges achieve this creating internal accounts, which are also called iou owe you) accounts. this mode, it's easy achieve high transaction speed, however with the following issues; security, lack liquidity, time lag transactions. regarding the transaction time lag, transaction results aren't submitted the blockchain timely manner, and result not being recorded immediately. the model decentralised exchanges was built address the inherent issues centralised exchanges. most decentralized exchanges are based the multi-signature scheme hashed time-lock contract (htlc) ensure atomic transactions. however, multi-signature schemes depends the trusted third party(ttp) themis which are vulnerable collision attacks and dos attacks. for the htlc scheme, attackers may launch dos attacks which could result users being unable make refunds given moment. transactions between digital currency and physical goods current centralized coin exchanges and decentralized coin exchanges are focusing transactions between digital currencies, but paying little attention satisfy the requirements fair exchanges between digital currencies and physical goods. during the transaction between digital currencies and physical goods, it's hard achieve transaction and delivery the same time, thus the fairness atomic exchanges face challenge: buyer doesn't want pay without assurance that the seller will ship the purchased goods, while seller doesn't want ship without assurance that payment. traditionally, trusted third party required for hosting transaction funds and arbitration, and during the period between transaction and delivery, the third-party needs host buyers' transaction funds satisfy fairness. one common solution third-party payment using the -of- multi-signature. this scheme, each buyer, seller and third-party holds private key. buyer sends his money multi-signature address, only the party that has private keys these can unlock the address and get the money. things well, the buyer will send his private key seller, and seller will get the money. any dispute arises, the third-party will mediate, resolve the dispute, and send his key the winning party finish the payment (or refund). there are two advantages this escrow protocol. firstly, there dispute, buyers and sellers can close the transaction without the consent the third party. secondly, the third-party cannot take the hosted funds because the third-party only has his own key, the hosted funds can only taken with least keys the parties. but this themis protocol faces two critical problems. firstly, collusion attacks. the hosting party can easily contact the specific buyer seller for collusion unless the escrow protocol meticulously designed. secondly, dos attacks. even though the third-parties can't take the hosted funds, they can also refuse arbitrating disputes, and lock the hosted funds. design objectives themis themis decentralized system which provides third-party escrow services and dispute resolution services bring fairness exchanges which one both parties are using digital currencies subject matter. technically, themis should satisfy following requirements. figure. objectives themis fairness: after exchange, either both seller and buyer can obtain all the goods (digital currencies, digital assets, physical goods) they want, they can obtain nothing (all-or-nothing); security: none the parities can transfer the digital funds during the period exchange; passivity: dispute arises, there need for the thirdparty take part; themis correctness: ensure transactions and settlement disputes are executed the protocol agreed advance; dependability: mitigate single point failure and dos attacks; privacy: case disputes, the third-party can't aware the transaction completes, and only related parties can aware disputes arise. themis architecture themis themis blockchain the themis blockchain (aka. themischain) designed provide third-party escrow service (like the role that alipay plays online shopping). themischain issues token named global escrow token (get). themischain motivates the blockchain peers using incentive mechanism which takes both deposit and reputation into consideration. peers who take active part escrow and arbitration will obtain reward. when people use escrow services and arbitration services provided themischain peers, they pay gets the peers. and, themischain peers participate arbitration, they earn gets well. themis makes peer-to-peer fair exchange happen not only among digital currencies but also between digital assets and physical assets escrow contract and arbitration contract. figure. architecture themis themis dposr consensus. improve the current dpos (delegated proof-of-stake) algorithm, and present new consensus algorithm namely dposr (deposit based proof stake and reputation). dposr, consider two key factors: the reputation dispute settling peers; and deposit peers. peer wants act delegate, must pay deposit advance, and the probability being delegate depends its deposit and reputation. deposit mechanism. one peer wants delegate, she must pay some deposit advance. this peer acts maliciously, the deposit will confiscated themischain. delegate will get rewarded for keeping the system running, that means she can share the transaction fee with other delegates. this forms positive incentive the peer, encourages behave well keep the system running securely. the blocks are signed delegates turn, one delegate misses the signature being offline, will face the risk being replaced others. this encourages delegates ensure they have enough online time for profits. escrow peer motivation mechanism. escrow peers provide the secret shares generated shamir-secret sharing protocol correctly, they will get reward according the deposit they paid; they are offline lost the secret shares, they won't get any reward. they provide manipulated wrong information secret shares, they will lose their rights escrow peers. thus, this mechanism will motivate peers providing correct secret shares, keeping online and storing their shares securely. reputation management mechanism. one hand, peers themischain participate dispute resolution, and give some arbitration suggestions. the other hand, they give anonymous comments the solutions other users gave for disputes continuously. here on, will create practical anonymous themis reputation mechanism, and can update the value reputation among users rapidly and privately. the reputation system will collect each user's feedback arbitration suggestion correctly, and update the reputation value rapidly. and the value affects the possibility being delegate, that means you have higher level reputation value, you are more likely become delegate. common peers motivation mechanism. only the peers that have enough equities themis can have the opportunity the escrow peers, and the other peers are named common peers. common peers can't participate the process escrow, however, they can transfer their equities the trusted escrow peers, and the trusted peers will verify the fee they will earn from transaction, and pay back the common peers quota. the escrow peers got punished, the common peers related them will bear the loss too. this mechanism ensures that all the owners equities the themis chain have the opportunity receive rewards, and that motivates common peers entrust their equities trusted escrow peers, and this way, can improve the stability and security themis. group escrow service protocol the protocol, alice and bob generate -of- shared threshold address their escrow account address, alice has her private key ,bob has his private key ,and according the thresh-key-gen protocol,both parties learn and and the shared public key is:y +(* only alice bob has both and can unlock the public account. alice and bob send escrow request blockchain, and then they accept response from several(odd)mediators. then alice themis and bob interact with mediators, and create shamir-secret sharing and there are mediators, secret shares mediators sufficient recover the secret and using each mediator's public key, alice and bob encrypt and send the generated (p- that mediator and gives all these ciphertexts ... the other party. during above procedures, order prevent fraud behavior, use feldman vss scheme well zero-knowledge proof ensure the truth the shares alice sent bob, that means these shares are truly generated shamir-secret sharing protocol:when alice gives bob the ciphertext (p- alice additionally includes feldman vss value well zeroknowledge proof consistency between these two values. thus, bob then can verify that indeed shamir secret-share and same alice. now, alice bob can transfer his digital currencies the hosted address, and there dispute, buyer will send his key seller, and seller can get the hosted fund with these two keys. and disputes occur, mediators will activate the arbitration service. the winning party will transfer all the secret shares received from the other party each mediator, and more than half all the mediators work, can recover the losing party's key, and send the winning party. and then the winning party will have two keys unlock the fund hosted address. feldman, p.: practical scheme for non-interactive verifiable secret sharing. in: annual symposium foundations computer science, pp. themis disputes settlement disputes occurs,both alice and bob refuse send their private key each other, and each party can apply for dispute settlement themis. when disputes occur, according the settlement rules agreed advance, themis will launch the process arbitration. arbitration launched, participants need pay for arbitration fee, and order reduce the cost fair exchange the lowest, this process only launched when disputes appear. generally, classify the settlements two classes: first one generate the arbitration result automatically smart contract; the second one arbitrators vote for the arbitration result. the first way, the smart contract will call oracle services automatically obtain external inputs, and run smart contract code generate the arbitration result. the second way, introduce crowdsourced arbitration service based reputation score. crowdsourced arbitration. the crowdsourced arbitration service themis based reputation score. help both sellers and buyers choose reliable arbitrators grading anonymous arbitrators, and arbitrators can get rewards from blockchain. meanwhile, themis uses opening censorship assess arbitrators' reputation. the judgement arbitrators will submitted distributed ledger for audit after being anonymously processed. themis, list the information dispute settlements including contract subjects, cases, judgements, reason for judgements blockchain distributed ledger technology, and other users can rate the arbitrators' judgements. then the arbitrators can get reputation scores according their judgement behavior. any behavior abusing power arbitration will reflected reputation scores, and users with lower scores will have lower possibility being arbitrator. themis reputation management mechanism. the reputation system themis will provide other users' feedbacks arbitration results reliably, rather than surrender personal information users rating details, and ensure reputation scores can't changed maliciously. currently, common reputation systems normally rely feedback from other users assess the quality information, and motivate positive behaviors updating reputation scores via algorithm. however, this data will link reputation scores users' long-term identities. this identity linkage enables user tracking and appears odds with the anonymity principle. will create practical anonymous reputation system which can update reputation scores amongst huge crowd users rapidly, and whilst retaining privacy. that means the reputation scheme themis doesn't need link reputation scores users' long-term identities. oracle services. oracle necessary mechanism when discussing and auditing the materials transactions. the essence oracle the information publishing the real events the real world. the data and materials required arbitration must determined oracle. these oracle services offer series ap. themis determines the arbitration result and the following procedures calling oracle api. oracle could centralized(as reality keys), and also could decentralized (as oracle chain). strategy election election depositary. the dposr consensus mechanism, one node wants have the right the depositary, must pay some deposit advance themis. this node has malicious behavior, the deposit will confiscated themis system. nodes can vote for some other node its depositary, and the themis system will select the nodes with more votes computing the themis shares these nodes have the whole system depositaries. these nodes will take charge generating blocks the turn agreed advance. selection mediators. according the escrow requests users sent, themis system will use consistent hashing algorithm select odd number nodes mediators. selection arbitrators. themis system will use the weighted random algorithm according the reputation scores nodes compute odd number nodes arbitrators. security design our scheme might face three kinds attacking threats. one the dos attack, that means third-party denies settling any disputes and makes hosted funds locked. another the collusion attack from mediators and arbitrators, the arbitrator tells both alice and bob they win the arbitration, and then both parties will send their secret shares the mediators, and the mediators can recover private keys get the hosted funds. the last threat the collusion attack dpos, there threat dpos itself that might attacked partners. avoid the first kind attack, themis uses the theory incentives increase the opportunity cost dos attack and can lead mediators honest and civilized the motivation market, and makes the system complete escrow and arbitration objectively. the motivation mechanism themis means encourage mediators providing more effective services, and all the mediators with good behaviors will increase their reputation scores risen, well recovery themis(get) token. otherwise, the mediators with bad behaviors will not only lose their reputation scores, but also the deposit they lodge the system. this mechanism increases the themis cost bad behavior greatly, and mediators won't break the ecosystem for benefits, and this way, themis can avoid most attacks from malicious mediators. classified mediators into groups, trusted committee mediators, certificated agency mediators and common mediators. the trusted committee mediators are reliable no-downtime mediators maintained trusted organizations, and these mediators can guarantee the arbitration executed even after dos attacks. and the certificated agency mediators need transfer deposit themis system advance, and they behaved maliciously, the deposit will confiscated, this way, can avoid them from behaving maliciously. avoid the second kind attack, upgrade -of- shared address -of- shared address, and the third key will kept both alice and bob but never disclosed the third-party. therefore, even though the mediators might launch attacks, they will only obtain and and they still can't take the hosted funds. for the third kind attack, the more users use themis host funds and arbitrate disputes, the more value themis will have, and the the less economically viable for mediators act maliciously., the whole system will more and more secure, and then that will attract more and more users themis services. this can beneficial circle loop make themis nodes grow, and make themis more powerful. typical workflow using the example alice pays bitcoin bob for toy giraffe, the following the process fair exchanging via themis. agreement before transaction: alice and bob require bitcoin escrow address; themis alice and bob apply escrow request themis, including disputes settlement (smart contract), service charge, arbitration bonus and on; themis runs escrow smart contract, and responds the list mediators alice and bob; alice and bob send secret shares each mediator separately; alice and bob send secret shares each other. funds hosting and goods delivery: alice transfer her bitcoins the escrow address, and then, neither alice, bob nor the third-party could take the funds; bob posts the toy alice; alice receives the toy, and after checking, starts the confirmation goods, and sends her private key bob; when bob gets alice's key, can transfer the bitcoins from escrow address his own address; the smart contract themis calculates and distributes service charge mediators. themis figure funds hosting and goods delivery disputes settlement: alice and bob launch arbitration request themis; the arbitrators will determine arbitration result according the agreement made prior the transaction(suppose alice wins, bob loses); alice sends the secret shares bob mediators; the mediators recover the key bob via shares and sends back alice; alice can transfer bitcoins from escrow address her own address these two keys; the smart contract themis calculates and distributes the bonus for arbitrators; the smart contract themis calculates and distributes the service charge for mediators. figure disputes settlement themis themis wallet themis provides hierarchical wallet based new generation cryptography, named themis wallet, can provide kind high-efficiency low-storage-usage private keys and address management service for users, and can also achieve the interaction with themis blockchains automatically, and make easier for users use themis services. some typical use cases themis, users need receive payments from other users frequently. for example, the e-shops using themis handle their digital currency transactions, they need receive the payments from users every transaction, and ensure privacy, they need generate addresses for each transaction, and they have store and manage these addresses and related private keys. and it's linear dependence between the number transactions and the number addresses and keys, will quite cost for wallet system store and manage many addresses and keys when the number transactions large. normally, when wallets generate new addresses, need save corresponding keys key-storage area, and could huge security risk for visiting the key-storage area. avoid visiting this area frequently, current wallets usually generate mass keys each time, and save these keys into key-storage area each time order reduce the frequency visit. for example, the bitcoin wallet, the default setting, can generate keys and addresses each time, and users can use the way storing keys offline storage (suck flash disk, mobile hdd, just print them paper) store them offline. and the addresses generated will stored the wallet client online. when the addresses are used up, the wallet will generate mass keys and addresses again, and themis visit the offline storage store keys. this method can reduce the frequency visiting key-storage area some degree, but has idea reducing the cost storage and management. themis wallet hierarchical wallet based new generation cryptography, and has following improvements: api themis blockchain supported, can achieve the interaction with themis blockchain automatically, and make easier for users use themis services. can generate any number addresses for users. and meanwhile, only needs one space key for offline storage. users can use current offline storage schemes easily, such paperwallet (print keys papers the form code),or they can store the keys hardware usb key the private keys cryptographic currencies are usually standard elliptic curve keys, can store the keys this scheme every equipment that supports elliptic curve digital signature algorithm) there need for users visit key-storage area during the payment. that means keys can absolutely stored offline this scheme. the space public key factor matrix for users fixed, won't grow with the number addresses. will easier for users manage their addresses. the addresses are generated some payment information, and this information doesn't need stored. themis key technologies fair exchange via group escrow the problem fair exchange how two mutually distrusting parties can jointly exchange digital commodities such that both parties receive the other party's input neither do. indeed, fair exchange special case fair two-party computation which two parties wish jointly perform function over private inputs such that either both parties receive the output neither does(all-ornothing). figure fair exchange via group escrow below informal description fair exchange: there are two parties, and b,each them has electron exchanging term and its description dx, this situation, x=a x=b. there exists verifiable function f(*), which makes dx=f(ix) protocol has states, successful failing,both and can verify his own state the end. themis under the situation asynchronous network, for the honest unit (not able judge unit honest), only received the expected electron term then would pay his electron term ia; conversly,same with the honest unit and here comes trouble: nobody wants pay his electron term first, and that result nobody could get expected electron term eventually. overcome this situation, one effective solution both parties send their electron terms trusted third-party(ttp),and the ttp can transit the terms and the ttp can arbitrate when disputes appear also. themis mainly solved two kinds problems: firstly, during transactions,there are in-line ttp mode online ttp mode,and both models need lots ttps, and leads the quality and security ttps being widely challenged. hereby, themis comes with optimistic fair exchange protocol, ttps only participate when disputes appear; secondly,themis comes with secure exchange protocol based group escrow avoid both the single point failure issue, and the denial service issue. anonymous reputation mechanism based verifiable shuffles and linkable ring signatures the current motivation mechanism blockchain has two problems, one hand that can't ensure anonymity, observers can easily find out the relation between identities and votes; the other hand, this mechanism based digital tokens can only increase the number tokens users, but has ideas about reducing the number tokens malicious users. tokens' themis cryptography mechanism restrict system from taking users' tokens, therefore, can't reach the goal punishing malicious behaviors. solve this problem, the reputation mechanism themis based verifiable shuffles and linkable ring signatures, and can finish the calculation reputation anonymously, without revealing users' identities, and has the motivations reward and punishment. figure. anonymous reputation mechanism based verifiable shuffles and linkable ring signatures the reputation system themis operates series message-and-feedback rounds. the beginning each round, the servers maintain database containing all clients' long-term identities and their respective encrypted reputation scores. during each round, the servers successively run scheduling protocol based verifiable shuffles, which transforms the reputation list into anonymously permuted list consisting one-time pseudonym for each client and associated plaintext reputation score. our scheduling protocol decentralized: neither servers nor clients (other than the owner) can link one-time pseudonyms reputations long-term identities. clients then post messages anonymously using these one-time pseudonyms. the servers can associate these messages with their corresponding reputation scores without learning clients' sensitive information. each client may then provide themis feedback (e.g., votes) other clients' posted messages. each vote signed linkable ring signature, enabling the servers verify that each client votes only once without revealing which client submitted each vote. this design enables the servers tally positive and negative feedback without linking this feedback with long-term identities. finally, the servers tally the feedback received for each one-time pseudonym, update the reputation score, and then perform "reverse scheduling" transform these one-time pseudonyms and their updated reputation scores back the original long-term identities and their encrypted updated reputation scores. non-interactive zero knowledge proof zero knowledge proof systems are cryptographic protocol between two parties (the prover and the verifier), and since its birth this amazing theory has great influences computer science and cryptology. executing zero knowledge proof protocol, when the assertion true, prover able prove the validity the assertion verifier, and verifier can verify quickly, but unable learn any other information beyond the validity the assertion. and when the assertion false, even the prover has unbounded computation power, still not able fool the verifier accept false assertion except with negligible probability. and when the assertion like prover has some secret knowledge, the zero knowledge proof system will specialize the zero knowledge proof knowledge (zkpok), that means the prover can prove the verifier that truly owns this secret knowledge, but needn't reveal any information about this secret knowledge. zkpok could interactive noninteractive according the prover need interact with the verifier. themis nizkpok minimized the round complexity (akin. communication cost), and thus more applicable the real world. themis uses the zero knowledge proof protocol solve problems: the first one ensure the secret shares offered mediators both parties transactions group escrow protocol true; the second one that, verifiable shuffles protocol, all the observers and verifiers can use the zero knowledge proof generated shuffle servers check the shuffle servers executed random activities correctly; and the third one that, reputation system, clients will generate their zero knowledge proof about reputation budget, and claim that his actual reputation score not lower than the expected value )he will use his reputation score distribute messages. figure non-interactive zero knowledge proof themis digital signature algorithm with highconcurrency verification ability for the transactions public chains, the calculation ability verification the key factor transaction processing speed. currently, most blockchains employ the elliptic curve digital signature algorithm using nist's secpk curve. this algorithm performs well security, but the efficiency poor, the mainstream cpus can only calculate less than times per second this algorithm, that there will significant delay when the number transactions large. some allied chains and private chains usually try avoid this challenge involving trusted compute environment, but this method will involve more complicated secure base, and could difficult support the security requirement public chains. themis solves this challenge involving new dsa algorithm with high-concurrency verification ability. our system supports variety digital signature schemes, and can select corresponding scheme according the requirements users and applications. with the situation needs one-time signature key, will select the one-time signature algorithm based hash algorithm ensure high verification performance; typical scenarios, upon ensuring bits security level, will select specific elliptic curve and verification algorithms, and using the time-space tradeoff technology improve the efficiency dramatically. made great improvement the cpu and gpu vector instructions set this algorithm, and take full advantage every transistor's calculating ability. optimization, have improved the verification performance orders magnitude the typical calculation platform. themis figure. new generation cryptographic algorithm for blockchain themis scenarios themis fair exchange system based blockchain technology, provides escrow services for decentralized digital currencies, and solves the issues fair exchange using digital currencies medium. such fair exchange among digital currencies, digital assets, and physical goods. there are many scenarios for themis, such peer-to-peer escrow payments, exchanges among digital currencies, supervising accounts and security escrow, multi-subject assets escrow and on. peer-to-peer escrow payments themis can provide escrow payments decentralized digital currencies for peer-to-peer online markets (such openbazaar), make possible for both parties exchange directly; themis can connect the payments system e-commerce platforms, and generate corresponding escrow accounts via themis original chains, then provide decentralized escrow service for digital currency transactions. during the transactions, buyers need transfer digital currencies the escrow account, and the sellers can only receive the money after the delivery confirmed. this mechanism can solve the issue payments not being able effectively settle the same time with deliveries. actual e-commerce activities, themis will provide advance compensation for consumers. for example, days after confirming receipt, seller's fund will kept platform account via smart contract deposit; and dispute occurs, themis will take the advance compensation for buyer with the deposit, and then themis themis will contact seller about refund. this way can improve buyers' satisfaction and sellers' reputation. figure. peer-to-peer escrow payments digital currencies exchange themis fair exchange system based blockchain technology, can satisfy the transactions between digital currency and physical goods well the transactions among digital currencies, and can provide fair guarantee for the transactions all kinds centralized decentralized digital currencies. themis supports otc transactions digital currencies, and can provide secure escrow service for cryptographic digital currencies based blockchain, such bitcoin, ethereum, and generate corresponding escrow accounts via themis original chains satisfy the requirement among digital currencies, and make fair for the cross-chain transactions. themis figure. digital currencies exchange accounts supervising and security escrow escrow service important method for the traditional financial industry keep users' assets secure. for example, securities dealers need set trust accounts with banks after opening accounts, peer-to-peer lenders need open supervision accounts. however, for private equity funds, crowdfundings, and ico investment funds, both the investees, investment proportion and return investment are not transparent the investors they have escrows they just use centralized third-party escrow mechanism. group smart contracts with scalacity, themis can provide the api distributed ledger and decentralized escrow service for digital currency supervision accounts, themis can solve the problems funds security, project tracing, and rationalization distribution effectively. and the digital financial market matures, there will more and more products and themis scenarios for digital currencies the future. such lenders digital currencies, futures digital currencies, etf funds digital currencies, cross-chain transactions digital currencies and on, and all these can managed themis system ensure security. figure. accounts supervising and security escrow multi-agent assets escrow the transactions scf, real estate, and large equipment, there are many transaction agents, transaction links, and strong dependencies, will easy for problems morality and credibility occur. themis can host all the funds (deposits, initial payments, service charges, final payments) multi-subject transactions the original chains the form digital currency creating smart contracts based multi-subject duties and conditional instructions. and when the transaction comes the corresponding link, the corresponding transaction subject will trigger the smart contract inputs achieve the fair exchange protocol. any disputes arise, dealers can use the group escrow protocol and arbitration mechanism themis launch arbitration request. and every themis member the group escrow party will arbitrate, vote for the disputes, and form arbitration result, the winning party will have the right unlock the account. themis roadmap jun,, started the design fair exchange protocol based group escrow mechanism. dec,, finished the mvp (minimum viable product) version. mar,, internal test decentralized escrow service, and test run themis otc platform. jun,, launch the themischain test net. oct,, launch the themischain main net. themis