white paper abstract the white paper, analyze that the tos chain decentralized and hierarchical block network technology based sdag for the iot industry. the technology automatically distributes the massive transaction data the hierarchical block network, reduce the data capacity the whole block network which will the next development the block chain technology. first gives overview the tos vision, the project divided into three stages promote: complete the bottom public chain tos thing-to-internet. open source platform that can used for solution the custom-build internet thing. provide unified protocol standard for the big intelligent hardware manufacturer. sdag(super directed acyclic graph), the core technology the tos, improves the transaction speed while ensuring security. this article focuses detailed analysis this fast and secure public internet things chain. this white paper enumerates some the difficulties faced existing internet things technologies and their own limitations, and presents tos solutions for the current internet things block chain. and briefly discusses tos and its implementation the project. key words sdag, internet things, hierarchical block network, tpos, free transaction, paid transaction, password economics balance, tvm virtual machine, smart contract. introduction professional glossary discussion existing blockchain technologies throughput latency size and bandwidth security usability wasted resources versioning, hard forks, and multiple chains tos design background introduction tos block information weights and related concepts tpos-transaction tpos-pos core goals tos sdag network features good augmentability support cost-free transaction block data stratified isolation technological architecture innovation tos technology architecture tos technology innovation tos technology advantages iot applications hierarchical block network tpos consensus the virtual machine reduce redundant transactions application scene enterprise-class intelligent hardware platform internet things big data trading platform intelligent financial service platform smart logistics platform tos ecosystem and value tos foundation establishment tos foundation the governance structureof tos foundation tos audit tos core team budget allocation road map disclaimer appendix references introduction "cash, after millennia one mankind's most versatile and enduring technologies, looks setover thenext years sofinally melt away into electronic stream ones and zeros." ---the economist the world today's mobile electronic banking, money changing from visible and touchable stuff string beating numbers the internet. this context, new form currency, known "cryptocurrency", exists encrypted string codes are invented the digital currency revolution began when the unknown satoshi nakamoto published the bitcoin white paper. now, almost every day new cryptocurrencies are born, and they all have one thing common: the underlying technology architecture all block chain. the block chain itself shared public ledger that records and maintains all transaction records the system from the first block the moment. this book, named block chain, consists linked blocks, each which contains certain number transactions that have been verified the network particular time. the internet things important part the new generation information technology. its english name is: "internet things." the name implies, the internet things the internet that connects objects. this has two meanings: first, the core and foundation the internet things still the internet. expanded network based the internet. second, its client extends from the computer's mobile phone any items for information exchange and communication. the internet things the "internet things connected." the internet things changing our lives. can also seen that its true potential still not being exploited large scale. however, there are still many problems such the security technology and other issues that limit the development the industry. the blockchain regarded the most promising and most imaginative technological innovation the world. has the basic attributes decentralization, non-repudiation, non-discrimination, safety and irreversibility. how will integrate block chain technology into the internet things? this project will introduce new iot block chain technology called tos, full name thingsopreatingsystem, which aims solve some the difficulties faced existing blockchain technologies. this white paper highlights the issues that tos needs address, the goals the project itself, how tos overcomes the limitations existing block chains, and the tos technical specifications. tos decentralized hierarchical block network technology based sdag for the internet things (iot) industry. this technology has good scalability ,it combines the technologies blockchain book and the technologies directed acyclic graph realize automatic distribution massive transaction data hierarchical block network reduce data redundancy the entire network block and solve the massive data storage problem the internet things industry; users can decide use free paid transactions according the value the data,which reaches the balance password economics; the open source and decentralized network protocols reduce the economic barrier join the smart iot network protocol (blockchain iot), they create cross-category, cross-region smart-connected network protocol ecosystem. professional glossary block: the block tos "special block" contains only one transaction data; block network: based the dag (directed acyclic graph) technology, constructs each block into entangled network structure; the genesis block: the block generated the first transaction the tos network; the genesis block network: the block network contains the genesis block; hight layer:the block network layer that relatively close the genesis block network, the found block network layer the highest layer the block network; lower layer: the block network layer that relatively far from the genesis block network; parent block network: the block network above the current block network; parent layer: the same the parent block network; parent block: block shared the current block network and the parent block network; sub-block network: the next layer block network the current block network; sublayer: same sub-block network; sub-block: block shared the current block network and the sub-block network; terminal layer network: block network without sublayer network; terminal layer:same terminal layer network; layering: new sub-block network separated from the current block network, and the sub-block network forms dependency relationship with the current block network; tpos: combines the two consensuses :transaction and pos, they are the technical solutions for the tos network work different stages; unverified blocks: blocks that have never been verified other blocks; height: the length the longest path from the genesis block the current block; depth: the length the longest path from the current block the unverified block; weight: the weight the block proportional the amount work put into the node that sends the transaction; total weight: the sum all the block weights contained the current block's height; verification the transaction itself: the trader initiates transaction its own, and was verified transaction consensus; free trading: user not need pay miners' fees for the transactions; paid transactions: user need pay miners' fees for the transactions; tos token: tos smart contract erc token ethereum; tos coin: digital assets used tos public chain for circulation and trading; dapp token: the token that used dapp application which developed the tos public chain, token can only use tos coin for exchange and circulation; discussion existing blockchain technologies for the sake discussion, will focus the representative the most widely used and studied block chain technology applications far bitcoin and ethereum. the research results yli-huomo etc can used important reference for the verification blockchain technology. summarizes the progress the recent block chain technology and points out the inherent limitations the block chain system. although their research entirely focused documentsthat discuss bitcoin this finding applies our discussion well. some key indicators come from swan. research points out seven limitations current block chain systems: throughput latency size and bandwidth security usability wasted resources -versioning, hard forks, and multiple chains throughput typical blockchain (such bitcoin) takes minutes less confirm the transaction. the average transaction rate about transactions per second and transactions per second. ethereum can process more transactions per second, and the validation time times faster than the bitcoin network. however, comparing with the visa transaction network, the limitations the current blockchain transaction throughput can clearly seen: visa can confirm the transaction few seconds, processing average transactions per second, and the highest transaction volume per second from these indicators, can seen that there still large gap between the transaction throughput the most used blockchain networks present compared traditional centralized payment networks (such visa). the main factor limiting the throughput blockchain network transactions the delay between nodes. although people have made some positive attempts and tried solve this problem, such the lightning network adopted bitcoin, and the lightning grid that has been operated micro-version the ethereum blockchain. networking, etc., but consensus has been reached feasible solution for the long terms. latency mentioned above, since the maximum transaction throughput the network limited the delay between nodes, the delay becomes limiting factor the blockchain. there high delay between nodes, miners are more likely mine old blocks. the bitcoin network, the average time for one block synchronize the nodes less than seconds, and synchronization the nodes takes about seconds (as april ethereum, the average time for synchronizing the nodes less than second, and the time for synchronizing the nodes about seconds. for bitcoin, the ratio block-out time network-synchronization time large, indicating that the delay between nodes does not yet constitute large limiting factor, while ethereum's block-out interval short will more problematic spend too much time synchronization. ethereum, however, uses algorithm based the ghost protocol motivate miners mine the longest chains, rather than attempting generate the branching chains using the high delays and low time intervals. size and bandwidth when discussing size and bandwidth, two issues must considered: the size the physical data the entire blockchain, and the size single block sent througt the network. according the requirements, complete node that can dig out new blocks and interact with the blockchain network, local copy the complete blockchain must kept. obviously, the storage space requirement for retaining this copy proportional the number blocks the chain, which may lead centralization, because the blockchain becomes large enough, there will only few nodes that has the ability perform block operations. addition, when the transaction volume begins break through the limit available bandwidth, and the block size limit, the miner's fee will increase significantly. order achieve greater throughput, may necessary modify the core agreement obtain larger block capacity shorter block confirmation time. faced with this situation, the core protocol must modified, but the resulting hard fork often difficult accepted. security the biggest selling point proof work (pow) blockchain that technically difficult crack. attacker wants modify blocks that are already the blockchain, they need redo the workload proof for the block and all subsequent blocks. order implement such attack, least the hash power the entire network needed, and therefore also referred attack." this obviously unlikely happen because the mining revenue generated having the computing power far greater than the gain from the attack. usability the bitcoin block chain, transactions are released approximately every ten minutes, but afterwards usually takes minutes more confirm subsequent transactions. this similar buying real estate the real world, and wait for hour pay line. for program that wants applied real time the real world, this obviously unacceptable. wasted resources bitcoin has considerable impact electricity and the environment. according current estimates, verify transaction requires kwh electricity, the miners the bitcoin blockchain consume twh electricity each year continuously mine new blocks. although ethereum relatively low power consumption, its energy consumption and environmental impact are still large. fact, you add the power keep bitcoin and ethereum working, will enough supply the electricity needs newzealand for one year. present, some people have tried change the pow blockchain and replaced with the pos. ethereum its most prominent supporter. versioning, hard forks, and multiple chains the main problem with blockchain forking the lack consensus mechanisms and security. give two exaggerating examples, one side blockchain that heavily inflated, occupies the available computing power earth, and the other competing chains, each with available power. hard bifurcation usually another unwelcome result due the destruction the consensus mechanism. blockchains will split split into branch chain due the different ideologies different people their ecosystem. well-known example includes the inability bitcoin expand into convenient and cheap e-cash, resulting the splitting bit cash (bch), and ethereum classic (etc) also resulted from the inconsistency various ideologies the ethereum blockchain. however, the hard bifurcation not always due ideological fragmentation, comes from changes the core protocols the blockchain system many times, such ethereum's metropolitan upgrade after the hard branches are formed, the hashing power the original chain still exists. however, the hard fork that consensus cannot achieved, hashing power divided into two competing chains, making the blockchain security level lower and vulnerable. tos design background have discussed above about some limitations the existing blockchain technology. for these situations, the original intention the tos build highly available blockchain technology and use blockchain technology solve the difficult points such massive data storage the internet things industry, high-concurrency, transaction costs, and the difficulties mining the data's value. first all, tos technical design, the analysis existing blockchain technology achievements, such pow consensus very large waste resources,it not our ideal model that maintain the stability the bitcoin network consuming large amounts electricity,and the concurrent amount its transactions relatively low ;the problems such the high concurrent volume the internet things, the big transaction cost cannot solved bitcoin technology however, have enlightened entangling the block network structure with the existing dag technology. the consensus built using dag technology can achieve high concurrency and free transactions;moreover the current existing mature pos rights proof consensus form the combination free and paid transaction, the basis free and paid type, and traded miner's fees, better separate the data according the value tag dig the value the data. then, although using existing dag technology can achieve high concurrent volume and free transactions, impossible solve the problems massive data storage, the time the ransaction data cannot determined and data value classification the internet things. these issues are crucial and cannot ignored. finally, the existing public-chain technology only applied the digital currency's transaction and circulation, but has not really reached the enterprise-level commercial application. technically, highly available commercial-level public chain technologies need secure, scalable, and decentralized. because the blockchain technology world there iron-triangle relationship that checks and balances each other. safe, scalable, and decentralized. based this contradiction, large amount analysis performed the existing blockchain technology. design some new technical index models, such the economic value the block network and the adjustment smart miner's fees. finally, re-architecture the existing blockchain technology, there tos's core sdag layered block network technology. the hierarchical block design the tos, all the blocks the blockchain are first formed into dag block network structure chain topology, and then the dag block network layered into number dag block network layers, each the dag block network linked the "parent network hash" value inside the block. first, the block entangled into dag block network. different levels the dag block network form chain relationship, and each unit the chain can seen dag block network; then, combination free and fee-based transactions added separate the transaction data according the value tag. the more important the data is, the higher layer the data will stored the block network.in the hierarchical block design the tos, all the blocks the blockchain are first formed into dag block network structure chain topology, and then the dag block network layered into number dag block network layers, each which dag area. the block network linked the "parent network hash" value link inside the block. first, the block entangled into dag block network. different levels the dag block network form chain relationship, and each unit the chain can understanding dag block network; then, combination free and feebased transactions added separate the transaction data from the value tag. the more important the data is, the higher layer the data will stored the block network; ultimately, the crypto economy balancing mechanism ensures the high availability commercial activities, plus the tvm virtual machine for smart contracts creates decentralized hierarchical block network technology based sdag. the technology layered blocks, the combination free and fee-transation solve the block data redundancy, transaction performance and transaction costs, and data value classification tos just the beginning commercially available public-chain technology solution. this ecosystem, the future our strategic plan more will included such the full data type the upper chain, block data storage incentives, data banks and other roles build complete and highly available commercial-level public chain ecosystem. introduction tos introduction tos chain,a decentralization layered block network technology based sdag super directed acyclic graph,it based existing dag technology, pos rights are added the basis the transaction consensus,and they are combined into tpos consensus.it constructs hierarchical block entanglement network using the s-mechanisms (smart miner) functions and b-algorithm (block chain network economic algorithm) algorithms. block chain networks each layer stores the corresponding data, similar the administrative division such province city county district, each administrative center manages its own data. the block data the whole network are separated,so that there need for one province care the data the other province ,same among the countries each block network only concerned with the block data that needed, that large amount data can reduced.it increase tvm virtual machine and transaction and pos management contract,to build sdag smart contract. ultimately sdag can the followings: users can decide use free paid transactions based the value the data. special decentralized system,it combines two technologies, block chain book and directed acyclic graph. therefore, two different consensuses are included. they are divided and ordered and data are kept sync,all are indispensable. block information define that all blocks network system contain block head, which includes effective json data format. "parentblockhash": "caafacdecbdadbdadeaddfed", "previousblockhash": "eadfdfcacbfbccdcacced", "hash": "afdbeeebcbbdefafbfedbbc", "hashmerkleroot": "abbyaadwuauhewabeauesodtaaff", "transactioncost": "", "totalweight": "", "weight": among them, there are the hash value the parent block, the hash value the previous block, the hash value the current block, the hash value the merkleroot, transaction cost, the total weight the block, and the weight the transaction the block. weights and related concepts define that each block has its own weight, total weight the block and its related concepts. the weight the block proportion the amount work that has been put the transaction node. each transaction that has been sent, will automatically marked unauthenticated transaction the network system, attached with initial weight value. when trader himself participates the network using transaction work proof, the proof verified, the total weight the new block the total weight the verified direct indirect node plus the latest weight the block.the design block chain nodes ensures that the data decentralized global databases secure, trusted, and can not tampered with. adding new nodes the block chain requires block chain node auditing the network. the system will tuck the dag data structure that will not continue diverge. through the tpos consensus verification algorithm, the tos node reached consensus achieve rapid transactions. solves the problem double payment and data tampering between fragmented blocks generated the traditional block chain structure, and solves the problem that the large number transactions may eventually become invalid result from the unsuccessful fragmentation. tpos-transaction define, verifying the terminal blocks that have not been verified,each trader itself can generate new blocks and concatenate any two terminal blocks prove the effectiveness the transaction. based the fact that the honest node will not directly indirectly verify the block with conflicts, then the number transactions increases, the current block will more and more new block directly indirectly transaction verification, the system will tends safe and stable. other words, extremely difficult for transaction paid twice.. transaction certificate verified traders themselves, which does not need pay the process, the new block transactioncost generated transaction verification .through the tos node receive the transaction, and record the transaction data the block chain, that the block chain produces new blocks. when the tos node conducts transaction verification, first monitors the economic value the block network through the b-algorithm algorithm, then selects the transaction pos for preliminary verification based the s-mechanisms mechanism, and completes the transaction quickly. after reaching consensus the entire network, extends tos block network. tpos-pos define, nodes can guaranteed digital currency consensus algorithm virtual mining used verify the transaction data and generate new blocks. cost required this process, the transactioncost the new block generated validation more than because the miners pay out the labor costs, the profits are allocated the miners proportion the labor costs. have algorithm mechanism monitor the total number nodes and data the entire network estimate the economic value the block network. the value includes the total economic values the current block network and all sub blocks. when the economic value the current network reaches threshold, costs will required auto-trigger the next block verification. certainly users can also set transaction costs without reaching the threshold the whole network. when the transaction successful, transaction costs will written the new block. will have checking algorithm verify the amount such personal behavior. amount behavior too small will not affect the costfree transaction authentication mechanism. when the economic value reaches the agreed value the system, interest drives some people use the pos verification the network. the miners complete the verification and get paid and also the cost will written the transactioncost value the block, which means the block network entry into the period cost-needed advance. this point, the user has two options,.continue generates transaction data this block network but need pay certain amount transaction costs;. choose the cost-free transaction they not want pay then the network system will automatically generate new sub block network from the current block and the new transaction will written into sub blocks network. the automatic branch function the block network achieved. these phenomenon are the result the interaction the participants the network. when the number nodes large enough, the tos block networks with different layers are automatically formed time goes on. each block network has only the data access rights the current block and all sub block network the same layer block network data can not interact directly, but can communicate data through the parent block network. this way, the mass data the internet things will spontaneously form different sub block networks based different regions. massive data cut into numerous blocks. the whole network data the original block chain share one account book originally and now changes one parent block network with numerous small account books. there are numerous small accounts. the sub block network only responsible for managing its own small account book. this the slimming the tos block chain, and can also better manage the large data. core goals tos working mode the sdag the core technology the tos. the case network work, tos runs follows. tree structure consisting several different layers dag (directed acyclic graph), also known the sdag (super directed acyclic graph). all blocks sent through the node constitute the set this super acyclic graph dag, and there global block chain sdag. each time when new transaction occurs, new block generated and the new block must verify the previous two blocks. define that when the new node verifies the old node, the the new node called output and the old node called input. the total number input and output nodes the same layer network can not exceed each node similar the quadruple link carbon ions, but the two keys input and two keys output. these validation relationships are represented directional edge, shown figure (in the graph, the time always goes from the left the right). there are least two paths with directed edges between the block transaction and transaction say that the block transaction verifies the block transaction directly ,and verifies the block transaction indirectly. believe that the honest node will check whether there conflict the verification transaction and will not directly indirectly verify the block with the conflicting transaction. the previous mechanism, the new block generated the transaction will directly indirectly verify the block the block network, the number verified blocks increases, and the entire block accepted the block network. other words, forge double deal extremely difficult (or least practice almost impossible). the working mode the hierarchical network based sadg follows: the block set record the transaction records the block genesisprocess. dag technology used connect the blocks,multiple blocks are interconnected form block network. the economic value the block network includes the parametric models such asthe number nodes the block network,the number transactions recorded, the transaction amount, and the miner's fees for transactions.the b-algorithm algorithm (block-chain network economic algorithm) used calculate the economic value the corresponding hierarchical block network the mathematical formula the b-algorithm algorithm complicated curve function, and the function value can reach threshold (evolvevalue) over time. the function value e(t) the future must fluctuation curve that greater than the threshold value (evolvevalue). set the economic value function the block network define and constant coefficients, and the current network node number among them, the total number transactions the block network and the total transaction amount the block network the total miner's fee for the transaction the block network and the mathematical model for the economic value the block network e(t) follows: exp exp t./ m)/ f)/ ):)-)/ threshold value (evolvevalue) set the critical value the economic value the block network, and the intelligent miner fees adjustment mechanism the s-mechanisms mechanism (smart miner fees regulatory mechanisms) set realize the block network generation and stratification system. the working principle the s-mechanisms mechanism, when the economic value block network less than the critical value, the new block verified and written into the end the block network through the transaction consensus verification; when the economic value block network greater than the critical value the new block verified the pos consensus miner write the end the block network; or, the new block verified the transaction consensus verification generate the next block network the block network, thereby realizing the layering the block network. different levels block networks correspond different trading rules. the corresponding trading rules are excuted for the new transaction according the choice the users blocks different levels meet the needs that the earlier block generated the higher the block network layer the transaction rules specifically include the following steps: new block written the lowest level block network, perform the transaction verification; new block written others level block network ,perform the pos miner verification. the transaction verification method, any two blocks are verified, and the verification result recorded together with the transaction new block. the pos miner verification method, the miner pays deposit and places bet what thinks the next block that can written into the block network. the block that written into the block network,the mining contacts will decides that parts the miners who participate bet wins and responsible for packing the transaction. the bet wins, all miners who have been correctly guessed will get back the deposit and collect transaction fees, and verify any two blocks; the miners the network deal without packaging the data and wait for consensus the block generated the next round miners, some the deposits will deducted, when the miners' behavior violates the relevant regulations the system, the deposits will forfeited and they will also disqualified from participating the genesis the block. transaction verification and pos miner transaction verification also calculate the cumulative total weight value for this block during the process verification. the cumulative total weight value the sum the block transaction weight values from the genesisblock all blocks the longest path the current block.genesisblock the first generated block. the greater the absolute value the difference between the cumulative total weight the block the block network and the cumulative total weight the block the end the network, the more times the block verified and the higher the security the block is. the cumulative total weight value the sum the block transaction weight values all the blocks the longest path from the genesisblock the current block. the path refers all the blocks that has been passed from the current block along the block verification direction (ie, the direction the arrow) the genesis block. the higher level the block network the transaction written into the more transaction fee required pay. and the block can only verify and deal with the block the current block network, the parent block network and the subblock network, and the parent block network the last block the current block,the sub-block network the next layer network the current block. when each transaction that needs recorded sent the system, the system will mark unverified transaction with initial weight value. when the trader participates the transaction certificate the network, the verification completed, the cumulative total weight the new block the sum the maximum total weight the two blocks verified and the weight the current block. when the number nodes and traders the network are sufficient, the block the tos network forms plurality different-level block networks. shown the following figure, the earlier the block network formed, the higher the level the block network is. the higher; the block the a-block network the earliest block network and the highest-level block network, b~b the sub-block network the a-block network, and the a-block network the parent block network b~b block.the c~c block networks are the bottom the current block network, which the lowest layer the current layer block network; the higher level block networks gradually derive into multiple lower levels the transaction. and on, eventually formed block network structure similar oceans, rivers, and streams. each block network only stores the transaction book the hierarchical block network. when the node synchronizes data the blockchain network, only needs synchronize the data the node network and the higher-level block network, not necessary synchronize all the blocks, which can save lot storage space for single node's ledger, also greatly reduces the node storage load. the system automatically determines which level the block network the transaction recorded according the transaction fees that the users are willing pay. the more transaction fees the user pays, the higher the level the block network the transaction can written and the more securer the transaction data will meanwhile the higher the security level the blocks the greater the value the data is, which more conducive later data management and data mining. when the user selects the transaction fee the transaction verification method executed. the economic value the current block network greater than the threshold, new sub-block will generated from the end the current block network and the transaction will recorded the new block. otherwise,the transaction will recorded the current block network. when the user chooses the transaction fee greater than the pos miner transaction verification method executed, and the system automatically determines the corresponding hierarchical block network according the miner fee. the higher the user willing pay, the higher the block level written. sdag kind hierarchical block network technology with high concurrency, fast transaction speed, and can support for different hierarchical block networks use different transaction types. the transaction certification method adopted the lowest level block network has simple block generation mechanism and large concurrent transaction volume. the pos miner transaction verification method adopted the high level network slow but the transaction security high. with the organic combination the high layer block network transaction method and low level block network transaction methods, the shortcomings small concurrency, slow speed, and equal status all transactions have been overcame. sdag network features good augmentability all know, due the hierarchical block mechanism the sdag network, the network can have infinitely hierarchical sub-block function, which like infinite extension the root. the tpos consensus block network, the pos responsible for verifying the data with transaction costs,it characterized higher security, and the more important the information is, the the higher layer network can written paying high transaction fees. the transaction verifies itself, and the transaction data written the terminal block network, which relatively lower security than the pos, but can achieve high transaction volume and high throughput. summary, sdag has good extensibility. support cost-free transaction the transaction certification itself can cost-free, which very convenient for many users. for example, the demand the equipment data integrated mill big internet able communicate with other devices, and can access the third party authorized device data the entire internet things. the equipment belongs the high frequency data generator, unacceptable for each transaction data written the block, which requires high cost for the factory. that time, the advantage transaction sharing mechanism reflected. the factory can branch itself into terminal network (terminal sub net the most end network sub network). transaction consensus validation used record transaction data. course, someone will challenge the security because when the node the terminal network small, possible tamper with the data paying enough for it. this security phenomenon inevitable the current internet. the motive any perpetrator attack for the benefit. some worthless small amount data, the perpetrator will not have enough power such loss. but it's valuable data, you don't have record the terminal network. other words, the user can determine the layer the block network that records the data the basis the value its own data. the risk the user's consideration, and the higher the security the data, the higher the cost you have pay. this also line with economic phenomena, security needs the cost. block data stratified isolation mentioned above, the block network has infinite sub network function. the block network each layer stores the corresponding data and separates the block data the whole network. the whole network block divided into branching blocks. there communication between the branch blocks. can understood the yangtze river and its branches, the head stream yangtze river the original region the block. the main block network the main road the yangtze river. there are numerous branch block network just the numerous tributaries the yangtze river. the writing new transaction data the sub block chain like the flowing water into the small streams. different sub blocks cannot change data directly just those small streams cannot flow directly among each other. but the reflection function can used check the corresponding sub block network data through the parent block network. such data are layered isolated. therefore, the amount data each sub block the network include the parent branch network (minor groove small stream river yangtze river). the block data isolation mechanism the network system can greatly reduce the data redundancy the whole network block. further, the data pressure the node decreases, the load the system lighter. can predicted that after the system runs certain time, with the system mechanism, the more important data will stored the upper block network. therefore, sdag can better support large data management and high value data mining. technological architecture innovation tos technology architecture tos technology innovation sdag support free transaction and charge transaction through the tpos combined with the consensus mechanism, free transactions allow users record common data without transaction costs, which fits with the massive data scenarios generated iot devices. charge transactions are applicable the transfer high value data transactions the internet things.the data recorded high-level block network, with better circulation and higher security. sdag has unlimited hierarchical block network capabilities sdag uses the s-mechanisms mechanism and b-algorithm algorithm realize block network layering. the balgorithm algorithm monitors the economic value the block network. when the economic value the network reaches threshold, the s-mechanisms mechanism will automatically trigger the next new block verification cost. this point, the user faced with two choices, and the transaction data the network this block needs fee. the users want continue use free transactions, the network system will layer new sub-block network from the current block network and write new transaction-generated blocks the sub-block network,and achieve unlimited hierarchical block network capabilities. sdag cryptographic economic balance mechanism. the combination free trade and fee trade can form checks and balances.through the charge and free hierarchy data distribution can formed the free transaction data only stored the lower final layer blocks while the fee transaction stored the hierarchical block, and the higher the transaction fee paid the more you can store it. this way, possible avoid the blockage garbage data and reduce the amount data the hierarchy block. separate the data different levels block network,and store them different layers according the data value, more suitable for data mining and the combination with human intelligent the future. extended smart contract sdag the blocks the sdag contain signature, block information, and parent block network information. blocks are hashrelated and are the combination blockchain ledger and directed acyclic graphs. however, the extension sdag based the dag technology. far the original dag technology architecture itself concerned, there big hidden danger which cannot fully guarantee the atomic unity the transaction status. terms time,it may possible that the time the specific nodes (such remote nodes)confirm the transaction cannot estimated. from the point node, there might one node that unable update the transaction information certain time, that is, the node has not been broadcast the transaction information certain time. these conditions for many commercial pattern extremely hidden trouble. order solve this problem, the original dag technology architecture has been improved, and the virtual machine (tvm) was added realize the intelligent contract sdag. hierarchical structure internet things according the hierarchical architectureof the internet things, tos designes corresponding standards protocols for the perceptual layer, transport layer, and application layer ensure that every step and level the internet things protected, managed, and controlled,and eventually ensures data security and information disclosure and transparency. perceptual layer the sensory layer use electronic tags, rfid, radio frequency near-field technologies identify, and then use sensor networks perceive all aspects. therefore, terms security protection, necessary protect rfidrelated physical devices, protect sensor nodes, and periodically perform security verification and authentication; also necessary establish information security transmission mechanisms between sensor nodes ensure transmission,so that the data cannot captured unauthorized nodes cannot deciphered even captured. transport layer the information sensed the sensor processed through the transmission layer the application layer through the preliminary processing and filtering,and then accesses the tos network node. therefore, end-to-end data encryption, node security verification, and network access security must guaranteed the transport layer. the end-to-end transmission security ensured technologies such validation, authentication, and keys; addition, data integrity and security are ensured relevant data encryption algorithms. application layer the amount data transmitted the application layer through the transport layer large, and the data heterogeneous. therefore, massive heterogeneous data needs processed the application layer and converted into tos standard protocol format access the uplink data the network node. also necessary establish unified standard system and security mechanism for data access rights, authorization management and other security protection measures strengthen the protection personal privacy and various types application data. first, each smart device passes through the perceptual layer, the transport layer the application layer, and the application layer runs the compatible packet each manufacturer. then, the data converted the compatible packet accessed the tos network node. the tos decentralized block chain technology interconnects all intelligent devices.for manufacturers, there need change the existing equipment protocol standards, and after equipment data put the tos chain the manufacturer does not have centralized data operating cost, and only needs protocol compatibility package achieve win-win. the internet things continues infiltrate all walks life and people's daily lives, there will certain security risks both perception, transmission, and application processing phases. while the internet things data presents those characters such large amount data, heterogeneous, burstiness. therefore, when adopting relevant security measures for the internet things, more necessary carry out different management and control different stages and phases. the tos adopts layered security architecture for the internet things. this structure provides comprehensive protection for data awareness, data transmission, and data processing the sensing, transport, and application layers order comprehensively improve the security the internet things. decentralized iot operating system the internet thingsopreatingsystem public business development platform with rich and comprehensive basic functional components and application development environment for the internet things. can greatly reduce the development time and development cost internet things applications. the unified iot operating system has consistent data storage and data access methods, providing possibilities for data sharing between different industries. the iot operating system can break down industry barriers, enhance data sharing capabilities between different industries, and even provide services "above the service industry such data mining; the internet things very wide general, all the operating system can applied the field the internet things, the operating system the strategic commanding point the era the internet things. today, the operating system overlord the and mobile phone era may not able continue its legend the internet things. the law the operating system industry is: when the monopoly has been formed, the latecomers will find difficult subvert and can only wait for the next industrial wave. today, tos opening new, decentralized operating system which full imagination. tos technology advantages iot applications the core technology tos, sdag, solves the three pain points the internet things:massive data storage, high concurrency and large transaction costs. for existing block chain technology, dag technology can solve the problem high concurrency and high transaction cost. but the problems such huge amount data redundancy, the huge amount network data transmission and the inability determine the time's length the transaction are not solved, and they are the problems that must solved the internet things. for sdag, the core technology tos, the four features can solve the above problems: hierarchical block network reduces the large amount data redundancy the internet things, the data capacity single node smaller, and the storage cost equipment reduced. each node only needs verify the current block network transaction data, and improve transaction efficiency. let make bold imagination, there are hierarchical block networks, the tps each layer per second, same the bit coins, and the total tps tos the tps performance single layer tos then the total tps tos million. fact, sdag fully equipped with high tps dag technology, and can achieve performance that thousand times much the bit coins. that is, the more the block network stratified, the higher the total tps is, can even reach tens millions levels even more than one billion. tpos consensus through the combination tpos (transaction+pos), users can choose use free paid transaction according the importance data. free and paid mode coexist, the data store different layers according the transaction cost. the virtual machine tvm virtual machine can realize intelligent contract, the internet business applications, has the event-driven state, and the intelligence contacts stored and operated the block chain contracts bring the security for both parties and ensure the trusting trade the absence third party, reduce unnecessary losses. reduce redundant transactions the tpos (transaction+pos) consensus mechanism the sdag ,the hierarchical block network, large number transactions can collected within block verified pos miners. there double-flowering(double transaction) problem, redundant transactions can eliminated and the problem redundant transactions influence the verification efficiency the transaction will not occur. because the transaction consensus generates redundant transactions, the pos consensus does not generate redundant transactions. therefore, before sdag's current layered block network stratifies out the sublayer block network, transaction consensus mechanism used. when the economic value the hierarchical block network reaches the threshold, the pos charging verification mechanism automatically activated avoid redundant transactions. all redundant transactions the sdag will only appear the lowest-level economic value block network, and only the stage when the economic value this layer network does not reach the threshold. can seen that the greater the development the hierarchical block network the lower the proportion redundant transactions will be, this way, will reduce large number redundant transactions. according the four characteristics sdag, the tos chain, first, the data redundancy the nodes very small, and the storage space requirement for the equipment very low; secondly, the network transmission data reduced, and the requirement for the network bandwidth reduced; thirdly, users can choose the transaction payment type that they can reduce transaction costs. fourth, sdag's hierarchical block network can achieve rapid transactions and high tps. data filtered the s-mechanisms mechanism and then distributed non-hierarchical block networks for data mining. fifth, reducing large number redundant transactions; finally, intelligent contracts the dapp commercial application can compulsory perform the both parties' contracts and economic security. summary, the tos technical solution suitable for the internet things industry. application scene enterprise-class intelligent hardware platform the enterprise-class intelligent hardware platform the basis the tos chain and the core application platform. based smart contracts, devices, objects, data, logical methods, vouchers, etc., can perfectly organized and executed the tos chain, and provide operating environments and execution systems for other tos applications. tos's intelligent hardware platform includes wide range application types and optimized for applications different internet things and different corporate environment scenarios. the types smart contracts currently set are: master class contact blockchain-based smart contracts include affairs processing and preservation mechanisms, well complete state machine for accepting and processing various smart contracts; and the state processing and saving the affairs are done the block chain. affairs mainly contain data that needs sent; events are descriptions these data. after the affairs and events information are passed the smart contract, the resource status the contract resource will updated, and trigger the smart contract enter the storage statues judgment mechanism. the trigger condition one more actions the automatic state machine satisfied, the contract automatically executed the state machine according the preset information. features: the world's first block chain platform puts iot device smart contracts into practical scenarios for example: decentralized smart rental case, high-end apartment adopt tos decentralized rental program, replaces the yoke with yoke that supports the tos smart contract, and launch rental information block chain mode rental website formulate rental agreement. reservation and appointment will made online. once the appointment made, will temporarily deducted for one-month rental guarantee and the passwords will sent the tenants' mobile phone and will valid for one hour. the tenant checks the room within one hour with the password. not satisfied, the tenant will directly. after one hour, the password will reset and the rent guarantee will refunded; the tenants are satisfied with the apartment the rental smart contract will become effective, rental deposit free,and will deduct rent dapp token per month, and set the lock password for the tenant only. the rent overdue, the lock will automatically change the password.. the entire rental process, sales escort required, credit approval required, and great deal manpower and material resources are saved. data settlement contract the data settlement contract used the internet things (iot) device other products that can provide data. the owner the device studies out data content that can shared openly and provides data interfaces. the data requesting party can follow the agreed price and method acquire data according data interface fix time and automatically complete settlement. features: supports variety different data types, well diverse data collection for iot devices support ultra-small payments ,ultra-low commission transactions and facilitate small payments meet data fragmentation trading needs for example: users use driving data for transaction, user has just bought car with transaction data \and intelligent contacts, and drive everyday. according the content the intelligent contract, long agrees share the data anonymously including the driving habits, geographical trajectory, and information the car, these data will used analyze the driving habits the driver, complete the portrait analysis the driver, help merchant' driverless improve driving model, and advertisers can also analyze the positioning user's preference based the data, and perform accurate advertisement placement the device. return, won the dapp token offset the maintenance fees the store, pay the petrol the gas station. tpos consensus contacts the tpos consensus protocol the core operating mechanism the tos. through the transaction consensus based the original dag technology and the pos consensus based the casper protocol, every iot device connected the network can become tos miner smart devices can receive commissions "virtual mining" through the pos margin economic incentive management contract and ensure network security verifying the previous two transaction blocks and the mechanism direct indirect verification transaction blocks. due the adoption the tpos consensus transaction pos, the tos system, only small amount power required trade the self-verification transaction consensus algorithm and the pos consensus calculation based margin economic incentive agreement, thereby avoiding wasteful calculations. features transaction consensus based dag technology, self-verification and indirect verification transactions based small amount computational power support pos verification consensus gain fees provide continuous operating costs for miners basic computing power support iot devices and embedded operation the tos environment for example: the xiao sweeping robot becomes central node, when xiao sweeping robots were used homes, each them became tos network node, and data reporting realized the functions transaction verification and data storage connecting more iot device nodes and more transaction data, each smart device becomes part the tpos consensus. result, the sweeping robot can provide its owner with pos consensus obtain tos coin "virtual mining" and continue create wealth. ledger type contract tos's blockchain technology can also use decentralized book functions create, confirm, and transfer various types products and private placement, crowdfunding, and bond contracts. these forms can used tos intelligent hardware incubator platform for smart hardware distribution crowd funding projects based tos, and use tos's complete block chain technology and data system achieve richer types smart book contracts. features: designed specifically for smart hardware companies help their products the chain provides wealth contractual contents ranging from digital equity, digital items digital bonds providing variety upstream and downstream resources such users, data, and apis intelligent hardware companies who participate the incubation for example: there not too much relation between smart hardware company's products, and the block chain and not convenient issue token directly the form ethereum. using tos's smart hardware contracts, crowd funding can directly based hardware products. all participating users can use smart contracts enjoy the future sales share hardware products after successful sales. because every smart hardware the tos chain, manufacturers cannot falsify and must use smart contracts make token settlements for users participating crowd funding ensure that participants gain revenue. internet things big data trading platform the tos data exchange platform serves the dapp application party the tos ecosystem, its dapp token important basis for the transaction the tos system. this platform, equipment manufacturers can establish channels for collecting data and sales data, and increase the benefits the equipment attract more users; equipment users can provide personal data through this channel obtain revenue; data buyers, such advertisers, can also use this platform accurately locate users, perceive the user's portrait data, and effectively achieve the purpose dissemination lower price. for advertisers, core concept target users "personal profile": refers the individual's age, gender, behavior, personality, trend, etc. short, what kind person the user? this key criterion for the "differentiated audience" advertising. before the advent the internet, personal users were very slow portray. with the rise the internet, especially the mobile internet, personal data suddenly entered the global internet way that could easily shared and copied. network. personal portraits become growing ocean data and are used many people. the prospect advertising technology should have created more efficient and transparent market that matches advertising with target consumers. digital technology should also make easier track the flow transactions between advertisers and target markets, and ensure that information reaches the target consumer groups. however, the advertising technology ecosystem formed after years development still full all kinds intermediary and complex transactions, which confusing. advertisers have lost billions dollars revenue due false data and inaccurate data, and fraud has been rampant. advertisers also suffer from poor feedback and insufficient accuracy. there doubt that all this requires good solution. tos's data exchange platform currently includes the following two core modules: smart advertising communication and data trading center. the smart advertising communication breakthrough service model based the internet things and era. focuses solving various problems the dissemination and delivery centralized advertising. first all, advertisers can directly place advertisements front users without the middlemen. internet things tvs, refrigerators, cars, etc., can all become media, accurate and efficient. second, advertisers' screening target users has also become very efficient. because the tos platform can collect and analyze various data related personal life that involved data transactions, far more than single dimension such mobile phones and browser search keywords. the accuracy the user's portrait greatly increased, and can even recommended the robot when the user drinks beer. the one hand meets the user's precise needs, the other hand allows advertisers deliver and spread more efficiently. data trading center data sharing and trading platform, the data security and consumer privacy data transaction center particularly important. the decentralization technology tos itself unmodifiable. public transaction information and the transaction verification and pos verification sdag (super directive acyclic graph) transaction ensure that the user's transaction deterministic and secure. the tos network, the uniqueness and certainty its transactions will guaranteed and cannot tampered with. addition, users want apply stored data the chain, they will free choose the encryption method. the security encryption depends the algorithm and strength the selected encryption. similarly, its uniqueness and certainty will guaranteed, and once the application transaction successfully written, will not tampered with. consumer privacy also top priority for tos decentralized platforms, addition using distributed storage reduce the risk single device being invaded and using harsh data encryption methods,all externally shared data can set the consumers share permissions, can completely closed. addition, the shared data also closely protects consumers' personal privacy information, including ids, names, and detailed addresses, and does not share them externally, nor can they associate with existing data. the data that ensures the transaction based solely the portrait the public behavior rather than the specific information specific consumer. intelligent financial service platform tos's financial services platform includes digital stocks, private equity, crowdfunding, bonds and other types financial derivatives. tos's intelligent financial services, smart contract system, and data exchange platform are three major segments. along with the smart hardware portal, the model integrated, providing the and intelligent hardware companies with the benefits the ecological value chain. solution private placement, product development, product online, product distribution, product benefits, etc., helps traditional hardware and home appliance companies quickly online, quickly acquire users and improve user experience through decentralized networking mode. these three major systems and one core product are also the key distinguish tos from other public chain platforms. tos pays more attention landing, pays more attention applications, and pays more attention the feedback users' actual application block chain technology. have reason believe that tos will lead the block chain technology more practical future. features: solving financial services issues for smart hardware companies provide smart contract content such digital equity, digital products, digital bonds, etc. for examples: smart hardware company's products require lot research and development expenses, the traditional financial services cost high. using tos's smart hardware contract, can digitized directly based the hardware product, and its digital product can use payment medium obtain the corresponding tos coin, which ultimately helps the company obtain r&d expenses. after successful product development, the company obtained tos coin selling the product, and then used tos coin repurchase the hardware product through smart contracts. smart logistics platform the future, tos will use bar code, radio frequency identification technology, sensors, global positioning system and other advanced internet things technologies widely used logistics industry transportation, warehousing, distribution, packaging, loading and unloading, etc. through information processing and network communication technology platforms. will realize the automated operation the cargo transportation process and the efficient optimization management, improve the service level the logistics industry, reduce costs, and reduce the consumption natural resources and social resources. the internet things provides good platform for the logistics industry combine the traditional logistics technology with the intelligent system operation and management, that can better and faster realize the informatization, intelligence, automation, and transparency the smart logistics. the use integrated intelligent technology enables the logistics system imitate human intelligence and has the ability think, perceive, learn, reason and judge and solve some problems logistics. that is, acquire information and analyze information and make decisions during the circulation process, that the goods can tracked and managed from the source. you can make the shipment automate, informatize, and networking with rfid, sensors, and mobile communication technologies, and technically will realize: item identification, location tracking, item tracking, item monitoring, and realtime response. features: provide digital business circulation for smart logistics solve the combination problems logistics, gold flow and information flow smart logistics for example: transportation company can use digital logistics platform dapp for digital logistics. first all, the transportation company needs pay certain amount tos coin credit guarantee the tos intelligent logistics platform;then, the transportation company can undertake the transportation the logistics link. when the transportation company receives the specified goods the specified location, the non-quality dapp token the tos system automatically transferred the transportation company's account. the non-identical dapp token records the information the goods for inspection the goods and guarantees that the goods can traced back without being transferred. the delivery company will receive the corresponding tos coin service fee after the delivery the goods. the entire logistics process can open, transparent, and secure. can also improve efficiency and the cost both parties can greatly reduced. tos ecosystem and value the application scenarios the tos mentioned above can divided into four blocks: enterprise-level intelligent hardware platform, internet things big data transaction platform, intelligent financial service platform, and intelligent logistics platform. through these four blocks, the tos ecosystem constructed. for example, enterprise-class intelligent hardware platform, master-class smart contract can applied the consensus economy house leasing. according the market demand the renter, corresponding rental dapp application can developed the tos system, and the dapp token the dapp application can used rents, the user's needs and settlement the tos application can form closed loop, which can indirectly increase the flow tos coin. smart devices are data producers that can get tos coin through data sales, and there are large number full node devices the tos system, which are connected the tos network for hours. because the "virtual mining" mechanism pos tos, some equipment with strong computing power and strong storage capacity can carry out pos mining. the ecosystem, early equipment can produce data, sell tos coin, and use tos coin for pos mining. the work these devices can bring stability the tos network. the same time, the self-hematopoietic ability the equipment can also stimulate more intelligent equipment the whole ecology participate its ecological environment, forming mutual benefits tos's intelligent contract can create equipment digitalization, stock digitalization, private equity, public funding, bonds and other derivatives. for example, intelligent device vendor can issue non homogeneous dapp token (the values each token different and inalienable) for each the different types devices,which also known digital goods. chain transactions, users buy non qualitative dapp token from vendors, their real devices are hosted vendors, they are responsible for their security. when users pick the intelligent devices, they need provide the private key generate digital summary the device and non homogeneous dapp token the chain. after the device vendor verifies the actual effectiveness the digital summary the device, the corresponding non homogeneous dapp token will destroyed. this way, each device can digitalized into digital commodity, which can traded through the dapp token, and the sale smart devices can correspond the digitized commodity dapp token through transactions. the tamper-resistant and secure characteristics blockchain technology, can ensure the uniqueness the digital commodity, and the market circulation intelligent equipment, the ownership the digital goods can traded also. tos decentralization technology platform that can realize the value exchange and also the cornerstone the internet. for example, the internet things big data transaction platform, tos data transaction the basis for tos coin circulation. massive data exists the tos network. equipment manufacturers can establish channels for collecting data and sales data, through the preparation data transaction contracts ,the data that produced these devices, can realizes the value exchanges and can complete the settlement automatically, the same time, the settled dapp token transferred the seller's account. users can accurately positioned according the user's data image, and the advertising and target consumers can more efficiently and transparently matched achieve the promotion effect. for example, intelligent advertising applications the tos network such televisions, refrigerators, steam trains, and on, are all part their ecosystem. smart advertising applications can collect and analyze users' personal transaction data the tos network. course, the personal privacy information the user, including id, name, and detailed address, etc., will also closely protected tos. the end, the advertiser can accurately screen the target user various smart devices and improve the promotion efficiency. similarly, the uniqueness and certainty its data are also guaranteed, and once the data transaction the application successful, will not tampered with. tos provides good business environment for large number equipment producers, and for the entire internet things industry, there real place deal with the large amount data's equipment. the data transaction tos system can provide liquidity, combine its downstream analysis analyze data, and finally become the data commercial value application data production, processing, selling, and on. that say, tos has great value data exchange and intelligent equipment industry. for example, the intelligent financial service platform, intelligent hardware companies are provided with solutions such product digitalization, product development, and online access. through the enterprise-class intelligent hardware platform, data transaction platform, and financial service platform, the company has been integrated with intelligent hardware its entrance help traditional hardware and household appliance companies the ecological system and solve financial problems. hardware companies can digitize hardware products the tos system, obtain corresponding dapp token using digital goods payment medium, bind dapp token hardware devices, and hardware devices themselves have value, the corresponding dapp token have values. since the circulation between dapp token can only use tos coin the transaction fee, the tos coin's circulation driven, and the value tos coin also increases with the corresponding demand. for example, the intelligent logistics platform, each link from warehousing distribution tedious and involves large number people. view these features, the goods are digitalized corresponding non qualitative dapp token tos, and for the goods transferred every commercial link the internet things, necessary use non qualitative dapp token transactions the tos network, and also tos coin should used for payment and real-time settlement each logistics process. for example, cross-border logistics, the use tos coin can realize automatic customs declaration, tax calculation and the rapid settlement the whole supply chain, and there will have the problems the cost exchange rates among countries. the circulation records tos coin the whole logistics supply chain will recorded the blockchain realize the digital management three flows, such information flow, logistics, capital flow and on. with the development the platform, the demand for tos coin will continue increase, and the value tos coin will also increase. tos foundation the tos (thingsopreatingsystem) project global smart iot network open protocol project driven the foundation. establishment tos foundation based the international positioning and influence the tos, the tos foundation pte led (here after referred tos foundation) non-profit organization whith its headquartered singapore. the foundation committed the maintenance and operation the tos open source community, and the development/construction the tos public-chain platform, advocate transparent governance and the management the dao model, that the tos community truly belongs all builders and hobbies participating the tos internet things value chain, and promote the maturity and continuous development tos open source ecological community. the governance structure tos foundation the first tos foundation's decision-making committee consists core founding members, total five people with term four years. the core founding members have extensive industry experience the blockchain field. after the expiry the term, community representatives are elected the tos community decision committee according weights the holding share the tos digital assets and the age the assets that they held, and finally members the decision committee are elected; the tos foundation governance'structure includes operational procedures and execution rules for daily and special situations. the tos platform respects the decentralized dao (distributed automomous organization)governance model and believes that all tos project participants share the development value and decision-making rights the tos platform. all matters concerning tos are jointly decided voting,the voting matters are limited the tos platform and not involve the tos foundation. there tos promotion issue, any tos participant can organize the follow-up community members initiate it; the same time, the tos token holder's authority limited the tos platform related issues, and does not have any decision rights the composition and decision-making the tos foundation. tos audit tos foundation will maintain high level integrity and business ethics, comply with the relevant laws and industry regulations, and the tos foundation will invite the international well-known third audit institutions audit and evaluate the the operations such the use tos token \cost expenditure\profit distribution regularly.the tos foundation will release the digital assets information disclosure third agencies for assessment and audi without any reservation. tos core team chairman the foundation jeffers kieron matthew ceo stephen securities investment institute (sii) advisor. director chartered securities institute financial conduct authority: director; compliance supervision; money laundering report; financial supervision for the customer regional chain manari co., ltd.: chairman, london, uk: managing various asset classes (including foreign exchange, securities and futures) fca supervises and arranges transactions for wholesale, institutions, professional and retail customers. global market index (gmi): london, uk/shanghai, china/hong kong, specific customize the original isda agreement for otc transactions. crown capital founder senior investor digital currency previous posts: fund manager, hong kong sun hung kai group's independent investment department infinity service usa inc. greater china coo earns net profit hk$ million for hong kong's sun hung kai group's independent investment ;division and was named the top ten outstanding fund manager the year. during his tenure the infinity service usa inc. coo, the company's scale was expanded subsidiaries,and system standardization management was conducted meanwhile. has experience the operation the block chain technology exchanges' overall solution, familiar with the digital cryptocurrency market, and has in-depth research future trends. cto navy tao was senior engineer tencent corporation. used the chief architect huawei's mobile voice community project. digital currency community enthusiasts who dedicated guide the development the block chain industry. nearly decade technology research and development experience and years deep research block chain technology has unique insights the financial innovation,and traditional application scenarios the block chain. currently,he leading the team focuse the r&d the iot block chain technology, and believe that the blockchain development will start the second era the internet. cfo daniel hornstein block chain expert password currency advisor financial advisor. used achieve performance management, negotiation project management block chain development and technology cryptocurrency technical and back-end consultants for traxco swiss blockchain. chief executive officer and financial advisor bayz sdn parking co., ltd. taniwha sdn co., ltd. director/financial adviser. adviser royal dutch embassy (kuala lumpur). chief product officer timothy shi chief architect tony lee once worked r&d manager for nongtai finance. once served chief architect sinosafe insurance client project. used senior development engineer for huawei's key projects. digital asset enthusiasts who has many years project architecture experience. once participated the research and application block chain technology solve trust and security issues the insurance industry and investment transactions. now committed the implementation decentralized technology research and development,and focuses the application block chain technology solve various traditional pain points. was senior engineer ping financial technology. once served huawei mobile voice project manager. blockchain zealots who committed the research block chain technology. with years experience r&d frameworks project, currently focusing researching and solving massive data and transaction efficiency issues block chains, and committed build safe, reliable, low-cost and efficient block chain ecosystem. technical adviser diego cresta master financial managementin higher school management, paris. doctor business administration national technical university the philippines has served investment consultant investment trainer and enterprise management consultant malaysia, the united kingdom, australia, and hong kong. certificate accounting professionalof london business industry malaysian registered financial planner (rfp). american financial management institute professional consultant. securities asset management certificate issued the securities institute hong kong academician, american life insurance institute (lutcf). member the american institute financial engineers (iafe). australian tax and management accountant (atma). the chartered financial advisor certificate (chfc) issued the american academy finance pennsylvania and the malaysian institute insurance. budget allocation tos token and tos coin are the original encrypted digital certificates officially issued the tos foundation. the first phase will generate tos token based smart contracts ethereum, and the second phase will generate tos coin based the tos public chain and serve the tos foundation's only payment medium for community rewards, forum points, settlement, transaction, and the use iot smart contracts. after the success the tos public chain, the tos token the first phase will replaced with the tos coin the second phase ratio total billion pieces digital certificates were issued for the tos program, which was created the tos foundation the form tos token the first stage. the total amount has been set, and cannot changed added the digital passport the tos program assigned different holders according certain rules and proportions. the digital assets obtained through private placement are used for blockchain construction, r&d product modules, application ecological layout, and overall operation and maintenance tos public chains. token will reserved for early cornerstone investors, will reserved for founding team members, and will reserved for foundations for later r&d public-linked, marketing and operations, and blockchain research, will used invest tos community construction. team lock-in period: the team holds token, which used for the incentive the existing team members, and used for the incentives new team memberin the later period,to ensure the team's development and operation strength. the team holds lock-in period three years for token. unlocked once every six months from the fourth year. the amount token unlocked one single session does not exceed the total amount the remaining token that can used for team incentives the current period. the tos token private offering divided into two rounds: cornerstone and private place. private placement targets only specific institutions qualified investors. the type the currency raised ethereum (eth), and the cornerstone stage: eth tos token,the private placement stage: eth tos token, the average price: eth tos token. tos lock-in mechanism: during the private placement, the corresponding tos token locked the smart contract lock reward, and the time for unlocking --. liquidity pool (%): pre-funded liquidity pool used maintain the tos blockchain. research and development (%): for continuous tos development: the continuous development the tos public-owned technology infrastructure critical. the tos foundation will set aside the participation blockchain applications and research, tos token expansion the technical team's and establish complete ecosystem the local research and development costs build variety community. localized tos side chains and subchains. operations (%): used promote alliances and legal and finance: daniel hornstein has been cooperation with strategic partners and start projects. appointed advise regulatory and compliance accidents (%): for any unexpected project matters, including providing independent legal advice. overruns. marketing and business development (%): used market tos projects different jurisdictions. this will include online and offline marketing activities and signing partnerships with various business partners. during the project development and implementation process, strong internal legal team will established control the legal environment. diego cresta has been appointed advise tax and audit matters. strong internal finance team will established manage the financial and accounting functions that are line with global best practices. based the token sales results and project schedule, the expected details may change. road map step one step two step three step four step five step six step seven step eight establishment tos fundation and tos group developing tos core technology tos cornerstone investments and private placement tos base module completes test transaction consensus completes test pos consensus complete testing sdag complete testing and wallet completes test tos code review and audit tos online test the first internet things partner settled tos smart home/smart logistics end-to-end testing hardware provider integration with tos tos version online disclaimer special notice: all the tos token disclaimers below apply tos coin. the project will managed the tos foundation which non-profit organization registered singapore and regulated singapore law and the acra. the foundation's mission promote and support tos's decentralized project development, make public internet things chain that more globally accepted, trustworthy. any jurisdiction, tos token cannot used negotiable securities. this white paper does not constitute prospectus any type offer document. does not constitute securities offer investment solicitation. does not involve public offering shares financing any way, nor does involve any the sale securities any jurisdiction. tos token are not intended marketed, offered for sale, purchased, sold traded any jurisdiction that prohibited applicable law requires further registration any relevant government department. the tos token not loan the foundation. the tos token neither debt instrument bond any nature nor any other form loan that prepaid the foundation. whether obtain tos token through token sale other means does not mean that the tos token holder granted any right claim against the foundation's financial any other assets. tos token not grant the right participate the foundation its assets. tos foundation not provide tos token holders with any ownership other benefits the foundation. obtaining tos token does not mean that you can use cryptocurrency exchange for any form the foundation's shares the foundation's assets (including intellectual property). tos token holders are not entitled any guaranteed forms interest, income distribution and voting rights. tos token are non-refundable. the foundation will not provide tos token holders with refunds related tos token for any reason. the tos token holders will not receive money other compensation lieu refunds. regarding the future performance value tos token, there are and promises present the future, including promise intrinsic value, commitment continue paying, and guarantee that the tos token has any specific value. appendix tos token tos coin function description tos token(tos erc token) enjoys the role digital currency(tos coin) equal rights the tos public chain. both tos token(tos erc token) and tos digital currency(tos coin) can participate tos autonomy and voting election committee. tos token(tos erc token) digital asset that was released and sold during the initial phase the tos public chain agreement fund the research and development its project. the tos public chain goes online, tos token(tos erc token) can converted into digital currency(tos coin) the tos public chain ratio transaction costs tos public chain need consume tos digital currency(tos coin). based the pos mining consensus, tos digital currency (tos coin) required. tos digital currency(tos coin) has the function digital assets circulation tos public chain. references blake.net. (). blake. [online] available at: https://blake.net/ [accessed oct. coindesk. (). understanding the dao attack coindesk. [online] available at: https://www.coindesk.com/understanding-dao-hack-journalists/ [accessed nov. croman, k., decker, c., eyal, i., gencer, a.e., juels, a., kosba, a., miller, a., saxena, p., shi, e.,sirer, e.g. and song,d., february. scaling decentralized blockchains. internationalconference financial cryptography anddata security (pp. -). springer berlin heidelberg. decker, (). bitcoinstats. [online] bitcoinstats.com. available at: http://bitcoinstats.com/network/propagation/ [accessed nov. decker, and wattenhofer, r., september. information propagation the bitcoin network.in peer-topeercomputing (pp), ieee thirteenth international conference (pp. -).ieee. digiconomist.net. (). bitcoin energy consumption. [online] available at: https://digiconomist.net/bitcoin-energy-consumption [accessed nov. digiconomist. (). ethereum energy consumption index (beta) digiconomist. [online] available at: https://digiconomist.net/ethereum-energy-consumption [accessed dec. the economist. (). the end the cash era. [online] available at: http://www.economist.com/node/ [accessed sep. ethereum blog. (). toward -second block time ethereum blog. [online] available at: https://blog.ethereum.org////toward-a--second-block-time/ [accessed sep. etherscan.io. (). ethereum average blocksize chart [online] available at: https://etherscan.io/chart/blocksize [accessed nov. ethstats.net. (). ethereum network status. [online] available at: https://ethstats.net/ [accessed nov. goland.org. (). how make block chains strongly consistent stuff yaron finds interesting. [online] available at: http://www.goland.org/why_block_chains_are_strongly_consistent/ [accessed sep. goland.org. (). the block chain and the cap theorem stuff yaron finds interesting. [online] available at: http://www.goland.org/blockchain_and_cap/ [accessed sep. google developers. (). protocol buffers google developers. [online] available at: https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/ [accessed oct. james-lubin, (). blockchain scalability. [online] o'reilly media. available at: https://www.oreilly.com/ideas/blockchain-scalability [accessed nov. koteska, b., karafilovski, and mishev, (), blockchain implementation quality challenges: literature review proceedings the sqamia workshop software quality, analysis, monitoring, improvement, and applications, belgrade, serbia, -... malanov.a, (). six main disadvantages bitcoin and the blockchain. [online] kaspersky.com. available at: https://www.kaspersky.com/blog/bitcoin-blockchain-issues// [accessed nov. motherboard. (). one bitcoin transaction now uses much energy your house week. [online] available at: https://motherboard.vice.com/en_us/article/ywbbpm/bitcoin-miningelectricity-consumptionethereum-energy-climate-change [accessed nov. nakamoto, s., bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system. the nodesource blog node.js tutorials, guides, and updates. (). why asynchronous?. [online] available at: http://nodesource.com/blog/why-asynchronous/ [accessed nov. park, j.h. and park, j.h., (). blockchain security cloud computing: use cases,challenges, and solutions. symmetry, (), p.. poon, and dryja, t.. (). the bitcoin lightning.network [online] available at: https://lightning.network/lightning-network-paper.pdf. raiden-network.readthedocs.io. (). raiden specification raiden network documentation. [online] available at: https://raiden-network.readthedocs.io/en/stable/spec.html [accessed dec. reitwiessner, (). zksnarks nutshell [online] available at: http://chriseth.github.io/notes/articles/zksnarks/zksnarks.pdf [accessed nov. sirer, e.g. and song, d., february. scaling decentralized blockchains. international conference financial cryptography and data security (pp. -). springer berlin heidelberg. sompolinsky, y., lewenberg, and zohar, a., spectre: fast and scalable cryptocurrency protocol. iacr cryptology eprint archive, p.. sompolinsky, and zohar, a., january. secure high-rate transaction processing bitcoin. international conference financial cryptography and data security (pp. -). springer,berlin, heidelberg. son, (). bitcoin's rise happened shadows finance. now banks want in. [online] bloomberg.com. available at: https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/--/bitcoin-s-risehappened-inshadows-of-finance-now-banks-want-in [accessed dec. swan, m., blockchain: blueprint for new economy. o'reilly media, inc.". visa (). visa inc. facts figures [online] available at: https://usa.visa.com/dam/vcom/global/about-visa/documents/visa-facts-figures-jan-.pdf [accessed nov. yli-huumo, j., ko, d., choi, s., park, and smolander, (). where current research blockchain technology?--a systematic review. plos one, (), p.e. dziembowski, stefan; faust, sebastian; kolmogorov, vladimir; pietrzak, krzysztof (). "proofs space". available at: https://eprint.iacr.org//.pdf secg.org. (). standards for efficient cryptography [online] available at: http://www.secg.org/sec-v.pdf [accessed jan. wood, g., ethereum: secure decentralised generalised transaction ledger. ethereum project yellow paper,