whitepaper m.i.t miao'a international timechain abstract miao'a international timechain (m.i.t) dedicated building precision time-valuebased transmission network. highly acknowledge the time-value money for each individual, and that the extent which individual's time valued depends how much he/she needed others, i.e. the more helpful individual is, the higher the individual needed. for the purpose better presenting individuals' time-value, and effectively matching the time exporters and time demanders, m.i.t will introduce tnb (time new bank) digital currency, based blockchain technology underlying platform, aiming establish time-value transmission network which comprises prominences decentralization, internationalization, payment flexibility, pricing transparency, and strong protection rights and proof-of-stake. our team equips with solid ability offline resource integration. far, the team has initiated collaboration with miao'a, well-known online celebrity time-value exchange service platform, leveraging the miao'a's celebrity effects rapidly and effectively attract fans and audience, also known time demanders, order construct massive buy-side market for the transaction time commodities and tnb. part project overview background time, with its commercial value, can traded commodities. concept already been accepted human society. from lunch with warren buffet, the hourly wages charged attorneys, have witnessed various examples how time-value individuals can materialized. business models are evolved along dimensions space and time that human beings occupy. exploring the nature time-related products, could see that the value time commodities mostly generated from the value radiation effects the time exporters, i.e. their capacity serve, others words, their monetization ability. market painpoints there still long journey for time commodities become mature merchandising segment. the current pain-points the market can elaborated below: the lack objective and well-accepted valuation standards for the value time commodities; the lack transformation tools and sales means for individual's time become commercialized; even though time exporters are able form the primary exchange market solely their own via brokerages, they are short sufficient resources construct the secondary and third markets for effectively exploiting the commercial value time commodities; the lack centralized time product trading platform creates complexity for time demanders acquire product information and make purchase decisions. result, time demanders are required master enormous professional knowledge laws and business rules, which undoubtedly heightens threshold enter the market and generates high risk. the lack effective monitoring verify the authenticity time commodity transactions could give rise time exports' foul plays, such exaggeration transaction volumes order self-promote the time value and etc. the confirmation ownership difficult the current time commodity exchange process, resulting high risk default. the current market limited local transactions cross-border transactions are difficult achieve and the settlement process are complex and redundant. solution m.i.t precision time-value transmission platform after conducting solid market research and analysis, combining the team's strong offline resource integration ability and sales capacity, the team has constructed m.i.t, precision time-value transmission platform based blockchain technology, organize comprehensive network comprised primary, secondary and third market for time commodity exchange. m.i.t aims deliver standardized system that fully expresses the value time commodities based how time exporters are recognized and demanded via scientific and systematic analytical model leveraging its decentralized value transmission platform. commodity value transmission process, tnb will adopted the settlement currency accurately tell both the current and future value the time commodities. under the abovementioned structure, time demanders can quickly retrieve the m.i.t platform position and purchase the exact time commodity from the exact time exporter. after completing the purchase, time demanders could either materialize the time commodities transfer them the secondary market. investors can invest commodities via the third market. this way, multiple-layers demand are fulfilled. part m.i.t platform tnb introduction m.i.t platform m.i.t refers the decentralized time commodity value transmission platform based grid, the most avant-garde underlying blockchain technology. the platform serves designated parties include: time exporters refer the providers time commodities, i.e. the party who will ultimately fulfill the commitment spend their time during specific period time provide service for time commodities buyers. celebrities, entrepreneurs, lawyers, physicians, teachers and industry experts can fit into this category. based the how much they are demanded, different time allocations, previous credit ratings, quality commitment fulfillment and on, the platform will score the time exports and the time commodities they provide time goods output and make categorization. the rating system will promote benign value the platform ensure healthy and ecological development. time demanders refer the demanders and buyers the time commodities. from the motivation time consumption solve their problems and fulfill their needs, time demanders will purchase time commodities and consumer them exchange corresponding service from time exporters. time investors refer the crowds whose primarily focus the asset side the time commodities. from the motivation acquiring economic benefits through investments, time investors purchase time commodities from the primary market and monetize them the secondary and third markets order receive price premium. time asset operators refer companies and partnerships that are mutually-benefits the platform's ecosystem. time asset operators bring highquality time assets and introduce time exports trendy the market, expand the large and highly active time demander base, connect prominent time investors. their participation will boost the construction and positively promote the sustainable development the platform's ecosystem. m.i.t platform comprises time commodity exchange and time asset exchange markets based upon blockchain technology. all the transaction processes are recorded the underlying distributed blockchain ledger. this practice avoids the black-box manipulations during the operation process, ensures accuracy ownership rights and proceeding transitions, allows for transparency data and purified transaction environment. during the transactions, m.i.t will retrieve tnb tokens announcing service charge transaction commissions. the retrieved tnb tokens, apart from the amounts used for channel fee distributions, daily operation and maintenance m.i.t platform, will regularly sealed and never relieved. this mean, total supply tnb tokens will gradually reduced. meanwhile, m.i.t platform adopts grid public blockchain technology and largely applies middleware, well-sealed sdk and api provide business service third parties with simple access and convenient transplantation. the goal fast cultivate its cross-industry and cross-border service capacity and consequently encourage rapid, orderly and healthy development the platform ecology. tnb (time new bank) tnb, a.k.a. time new bank, cryptographic digital currency issued m.i.t, which enables transactions m.i.t time commodity exchange and m.i.t time asset exchange. m.i.t will mint total ,,, tnb tokens. more tokens will minted afterwards. for early-stage investors, tnb serves the purpose providing project funding. could also used incentivize individuals organizations that contribute the m.i.t ecosystem. moreover, tnb will able carry the premium generated self-promotion time exporters and deliver the end users. tnb will also circulated third party digital currency exchanges. part m.i.t ecosystem and business logics overview m.i.t ecosystem m.i.t connects considerable numbers high-quality time exporters, mature time asset operators and investors well large volume time demanders. commits integrate industry resources, bridges trust and delivers value, which anticipated lead the evolvement the overall industry. m.i.t platform comprised underlying blockchain ledger, m.i.t time commodity exposition platform (entry portal), m.i.t time commodity issuance platform (primary market), m.i.t time commodity exchange (secondary market), m.i.t time asset exchange (third market), app, dapp, enterprise service middleware, sdk, api and etc. tnb will serve value-conveying instrument within the platform ecology m.i.t business logics third party digital currency exchange platforms purchase tnb the instrument for transaction and settlement monetize tnb operators eco-cooperation partners operators time commodities and assets introduce high-quality time exporters purchase tnb the instrument for transaction and settlement bring audience time exporters celebrity time demanders effects export time commodities receive payment introduce mature time commodities m.i.t time commodity exchange others purchase tnb the instrument for transaction and settlement exchange time commodities investors exchange time assets produce time asset .bookkeeping /proof-of-stake /search .bookkeeping /proof-of-stake /search monetize tnb exchange time assets m.i.t time asset exchange .bookkeeping /proof-of-stake /search m.i.t illustration m.i.t business logics m.i.t underlying blockchain ledger, the core component m.i.t platform, shoulders responsibilities e.g. bookkeeping, proof-of-stake and search functions for the time commodity exchange, time asset exchange and eco-cooperation partners. guardians the safety and stability all the transaction information the platform and avoids forged records human conducts, thus the ownership commodities and assets distinguished clearly and definitely. m.i.t eco-cooperation partners will enabled enlarge their cross-border business scope, achieve high-efficiency transaction and cost-effective settlement purchasing tnb from third party exchange platforms. addition, they could acquire tnb early -stage investors and participate the internal tnb settlement system. connecting with m.i.t platform, eco-cooperation partners will able introduce large volume contracted high-quality time exports, time commodities with proven market value, enrich versatile contents for time commodity market. time exports, bonded signing smart contracts with m.i.t platform, promise convert their time time commodities allow commodity circulation the market. meanwhile, time exporters with strong social impact will attract fans and followers from elsewhere the platform order boost transaction activity. the next step, m.i.t will then convert time commodities time assets enter trading activities m.i.t time asset exchange. time demanders and time investors alike, are only entitled conduct transactions time commodities time assets possessing certain amount tnb, which could primarily acquired from third party exchanges. throughout the evolvement, the increasing number time demanders and investors will undoubtedly promote the demand for tnb, forming enormous tnb buy-side market. when total demand for tnb exceeded the supply circulation, tnb's value will pushed create large investment proceeds for both m.i.t investors and tnb investors. time demanders and time investors will able purchase time commodities and assets m.i.t time commodity exchange and m.i.t time asset exchange respectively materialize the commodities gain investment profits. referring the smart contract, time exports will able receive payments legal tender tnb. tnb could easily converted real-time gains via third party digital currency exchange platforms. the m.i.t time commodity exposition platform also serves entry portals for time demanders, carries operation value. therefore, time demanders will able obtain larger gains exchanging tnb will platform resources and choose promote themselves. all holders tnb will entitled convert tnb into real-time gains via third party digital currency exchange platform. conclusion solid offline resource integration ability and strong traffic traction power, the two greatest strengths m.i.t, will ensure the rapid formation the ecosystem. robust development multi-layers business will help smoothly generate enormous tnb buy-side market. our team has extensive experiences ipo, investment banking, future trading and etc. our expertise spreads out various operation roles. the know-how kits enable balance supply and demand relations the products different phases, ensure healthy and sustainable development the platform's ecosystem well the largest extent guarantee the interests early-stage investors. part tnb demand forecast m.i.t ecosystem the m.i.t team focuses the resource integration its platform ecology. since initialization, the team has successfully formed strategic cooperation with miao'a, the most trendy decentralized time commodity exchange platform. miao'a promises connect all its core businesses m.i.t ecosystem. miao'a chinese version (cn), tnb will gradually replace miao'a's virtual currency. for the ready-to-launch international version (int'l), miao'a will include tnb the sole trading currency. meanwhile, miao'a's existing clients and time commodities will all introduced onto m.i.t time commodity exchange. based upon miao'a's recent operational data, made the following forecast: time exports with high-popularity and high-value: recently miao'a cn, contracted celebrities and entrepreneurs have already exported their time commodities, whilst another contracted celebrities and entrepreneurs will soon launch their commodities. miao'a int'l, a-list international celebrities and entrepreneurs have expressed clear willingness for cooperation. celebrities are the pipeline. estimated that gmv miao'a int'l's debut launch will exceed cny. anticipated that the number time exporters m.i.t will reach the end exceed amongst which over will comprised a-list and international celebrities and entrepreneurs. the end number contracted time exporters estimated exceed amongst which over will comprised a-list and international celebrities and entrepreneurs. large traffic time demanders will settle m.i.t leverage celebrity effects: the end number time demanders with transaction records estimated exceed the end number time demanders with transaction records estimated exceed the end number time demanders with transaction records estimated exceed increasing number time demanders will give rise larger demand for tnb, which will soon generate massive tnb buy-side market, pushing the pricing tnb making scarce. assume that annual regard amount per time demander cny, the total transaction value m.i.t estimated be: project series version int'l version total recharge currency: cny billion billion billion equivalent tnb volume billion billion billion project series version int'l version total recharge currency: cny billion billion billion equivalent tnb volume billion billion billion project series version int'l version total recharge currency: cny billion billion billion equivalent tnb volume billion billion billion note: recharge currency cny the figures above. the conversion rate btc versus tnb btc will approximately at: btc=, tnb. part blueprint for future growth once m.i.t platform ecology formed, the platform will able cater more ordinary time exports besides high-value celebrities and entrepreneurs. there will overlap between time demanders and exports. long individual's ability serve being recognized, he/she will able monetize his/her time. m.i.t will thrive make everyone's time valuable and realize inclusive self-fulfillment for each individual. entering this stage, m.i.t could not only serve its cooperative partners and users, but also quickly cultivate user habits utilizing tnb. the applicability m.i.t will enable tnb cover more consumption scenarios and introduce more potential partners the platform. the demand for tnb will further boost, will for tnb trading price, bring along activeness secondary market and expedite the enthusiasm for third market. part technology features m.i.t the ability resolve high-concurrent requests m.i.t platform possesses distinctive incubating ability and operates to-c business model, implying that high-concurrent computing and massive data processing are technical necessities. addition, the operation m.i.t time commodity exchange and m.i.t time asset exchange calls for underlying ledger with fast proof-of-stake capacity. therefore, after exhausting the applications for various business scenarios, m.i.t attempts optimize its systematic design deal with high-frequency concurrent visits and select the most suitable model for its underlying blockchain technology. the platform preliminarily lands grid-based underlying technology, order leverage the consensus mechanism and side-chain isolation packaging functions that the optimized grid provides. this way, m.i.t's technical solutions will able face potential pressure with dealing high concurrent requests ensure reliability and availability the platform. openness and transparency transaction data m.i.t links different cooperative enterprises its proprietary platform. the transaction data should transmitted across various industries and enterprises, and also stay transparent for trading participants. hence, essential that m.i.t selects decentralized core underlying ledger system based the most appropriate publicchain technology. m.i.t will adopt the data-sensitive multi-signature controlled access solution which combines public ledgering ensure transparency for all the trading participants, amounting justification the platform and healthy ecological growth. compatibility with established systems different enterprise partners many enterprises have already established their operating system app terminals, the design m.i.t platform ought fully consider all business scenario applications, clearly define interface standards and interaction protocols, maximize its compatibility with established systems the partners order reduce customer migration risk and technical risk. top-level security guarantee concerning commodity trading and transaction, m.i.t takes stringent control over the data safety and data compliance. thanks for the accumulation financial industry expertise, the team carries out thorough and adequate design and planning the safety system, aided blockchain technology properties such asymmetric encryption mechanism, distributed data ledger, smart contract and tampering resistance, form high data safety solution comprised business management standards, technical solutions, r&d and production separation. excellent scalability the future worth looking forward to, yet difficult grasp and anticipate. order ensure that the m.i.t platform, throughout the evolvement, would always able comply with the most state-of-art business application requirements, the team, since its establishment, has taken into consideration high scalability, encapsulation and decoupling for each function module layers and wide application middleware, order entitle the m.i.t system with excellent flexibility and scalability. part governance m.i.t m.i.t foundation the governing body the m.i.t foundation (hereinafter referred "the foundation") the governing body m.i.t which soon established overseas. the foundation committed the development, construction and governance m.i.t, promoting the establishment, evolution and formation the m.i.t ecological community. order avoid divergence directions, decisions, and even divisions among community members, the foundation will shoulder the responsibility help manage general and privileged matters the community via the establishment comprehensive governance structure. the goal for governance structure design the foundation maintain the sustainability the ecological environment, the efficiency decision-making and the compliance capital management. the foundation exercises its day-to-day authority through the policy-making committee. the early days the establishment, order expedite operation the project, the first policy-making committee members will composed m.i.t team members and representatives early investors serve -year tenure, after expiration which committee members will re-elected community voting. the policy-making committee will made members, whom from the m.i.t team and from early investors. all decisions are made implementing the out multiplesignature system. commitment for openness the end the ico, the foundation will regularly announce the latest development the official website enable early investors, ecosystem participants and end users inquire into each function stage the business progress. terms usage the funding, the foundation will introduce third party audit firms conduct formal financial auditing and regularly publish audit results, order ensure openness and transparency where and how the funding deployed. part team introduction m.i.t team vincent lim graduated from national university singapore with bachelor degrees computer science. former dell executive and expert data fields. andrew wong seasoned corporate executive with more than years microsoft, oracle and akamai. strong experience develop full business process technical company and translating the technical terms into commercial value for business stack holder. bachelor degree management economics from guelph. chris weilacker served investment advisor for china public holding company, and contributed the m&as companies, allowing the public holding become the only private company obtain carrier fiber license; co-founder start-up company providing taxi calling service china; obtained bachelor's degree business management from california polytechnic university with strong computer science background. best liang seasoned corporate executive with more than years sales and marketing management, years executive serving largest company the world wide, open text, and akamai. graduated from harbin institute technology (hit) with bachelor degree computer science. diploma executive programme from china europe international business school (ceibs). investment board advisory team dfund leading digital asset capital focusing top ico projects, initiated renowned digital currency investors. charlie shrem charlie shrem cryptocurrency pioneer having started the first bitcoin company bitinstant. after growing bitinstant handle all bitcoin trading, charlie founded the bitcoin foundation and served its vice chairman since then charlie has built and advised dozens blockchain projects matt branton the distributed computing expert, with over fifteen years experience payment and trading system design and architecture. was founding partner world financial desk, high frequency trading firm specialized fixed income and derivative products. early bitcoin adopter, started coinlock for micropayment content delivery and has spent the last five years building smart contract, distributed ledger and tokenization systems ember financial. currently working the synthetic mining system bitcoineum, and it's decentralized derivative platform ace. roy celebrated security and iot expert, founder the iot ruff.io, advisor for master students fudan university. ruff.io was funded geek founders, jinglin capital and hike capital. raymond tan celebrated blockchain and big data expert, north american blockchain association co-founder, years microsoft experience, bachelor science from fudan university, master science from duke university, author for "blockchain and seven other technical books. alex goh seasoned corporate executive with more than years sales and marketing management, years executive servicing the largest company worldwide dell, bachelor commerce from university melbourne, master management from macquarie university. investors aplus capital renowned investment institute china everest capital renowned investment institute china inke the first real-time social networking and live video app, dedicating fan economy investment shunya international a-share list-co, national lead communication integration, emphasizing investment branding and communication link capital focus global blockchain, crypto currency and investment &cooperation internet financial services part tnb allocation plan total volume tnb (hereinafter "total volume") will ,,, tokens. the allocations are shown below: through ico and replacement under the leadership the foundation, m.i.t will distribute tnb the m.i.t community via replacement based the schedule business development, order raise sufficient capital support the business growth. the allocation plans are: for angel investment: tnb tokens, representing the total volume, will assigned influential investors and strategic investors the early community. the subscription minimum btc and maximum btc. total number angel investors will not exceed the foundation intends accept the replacement from btc the equivalent eth. final decision replaceable currency will published the official website when the financing round kicks off. for ico ,,, tnb tokens, i.e. the total volume, will assigned investors, major participants, business partners and corporate clients. there will two subscription rounds: first round, i.e. pre-ico: tnb, representing the total volume, will released for early investors and eco-partners the domestic market. second round, i.e. ico: ,,, tnb, representing the total volume, will released global investors. through user integration the ecosystem order protect the smooth construction and improvement tnb panecosystem, the total volume will reserved for the shift from miao'a ecosystem for tnb pan-ecosystem, which corresponds the existing celebrity time value cny (as august th, miao'a promises that the user shift will take place within months. the non-consumptive portion tnb will destroyed during the future user integration. original users from miao'a will able purchase tnb from m.i.t secondary market using its miao'a balance and trade directly tnb ecosystem. retained for the founding team and incentive scheme during the formation m.i.t ecosystem, the founding team has devoted greatly the manpower, intelligence and capital into the project from project design, resource integration, business environment incubation and etc. therefore, the foundation decides reserve the total volume rewards for the team. for this portion tnb, will become liquidated the beginning, whereas the rest will lock-up. starting from the second year operation, the total volume will liquidated quarter-by quarter. for routine operation and maintenance order expedite the construction the ecosystem keep order the business growth, the foundation will set aside the total volume for ecological incubation, marketing, business development, legal compliance and on. the allocation specifically includes: incentivize trading customers and potential time demanders. each quarter, the total share will released. for early special contribution awards. for liquidity plan. overall, the total allocation plan for tnb shown below: part capital utilization plan r&d: integrated commercial platform with high-concurrency, high-availability and top-safety features, the technical requirements for construction the m.i.t platform massive. addition, order expedite the business ecosystem, essential lower the technology barriers the system. moreover, continuous input into middleware, interface, sdk, add-on development tools, app and dapp development tools inevitable. the r&d process will also require large number developers. therefore, m.i.t will invest considerable amount capital raised for the molding and development its basic technology platform. maintenance and security: m.i.t time commodity exchange and time asset exchange both require top-level security guarantee, which calls for high-standard hardware and safety applications. the maintenance and security requirements are need for specific optimization, capital input, well scientific management mechanism. marketing and business operation: construct scalable platform ecology relatively short period time, and comply with more payment scenarios the end users, m.i.t will need diversified strategic layout face the complex business scenarios and different roles ecosystem. result, the platform calls for large amount investment into comprehensive marketing and promotion, business development and operation, order help expedite the ecosystem formation and provide close-loop service for end users from the early stage. capital reserve: the foundation will set aside small portion capital for emergency cases and other financial expenditure. overall, the capital utilization plan shown below: capital utilization plan capital reserve r&d maintenance and security marketing and business operation part deployment ico plan deployment plan october the project kicked off and initiated preliminary due diligence, conceptual design, business resource development and early-stage validation process. august th, the whitepaper officially published. august private funding started. meantime, e-wallet initiation kicked off. the e-wallet and tnb will launched month after the closing private fundraising. the project enters r&d phrase after the success private fundraising. m.i.t demo version expected launched months. m.i.t version expected launched after release the demo version. ico plan the foundation will allocate ,,, tnb tokens and intend accept subscriptions forms eth. the actual subscription currency will indicated the official website when the ico kicks off. pre-ico will start within week after the closing private fundraising. the total tbn volume will released this round. ico will kick off within month after pre-ico, the total tbn volume. tentatively, the soft cap for asset replacement value will eth, whereas hard cap will eth. the m.i.t foundation has the right decide whether advance postpone ico based market conditions. case, for variety reasons, the ico does not get started within two years, the ico fails, this portion tnb will publicly destroyed. part contacts m.i.t office website: http://tnb.fund m.i.t telegram group: t.me/tnbgroup m.i.t slack: http://bit.ly/ixwf m.i.t email: contact@tnb.fund part risk and mitigation investors should pay attention the following risks concerning the project: compliance and operational risk compliance and operational risk refers the situation that m.i.t violates local laws and regulations the process fundraising funds and business conduct, resulting the discontinuity the business operation. mitigation: view the compliance and operational risk, the hedging methods adopted the operation team are: the operational teams and policy-making committees will take distributed operations diverse and eliminate single point risk; engage local professional attorneys where the business operates, design digital asset issuance, digital asset transactions, blockchain finance, blockchain applications and etc. under the framework local law. market risk market risk refers the situation that m.i.t does not get recognized and accepted the market, the user base too small, resulting stagnation the business without sufficient profits. mitigation: view the market risk, the hedging methods adopted the operation team are: carefully and accurately identify the market painpoints after one-year down-toearth market operation; share the concept m.i.t with industry peers and experts, pay reference the operational experience identical products order optimize and improve m.i.t; leverage the founding team's expertise entertainment, internet and financial market rapidly construct the platform ecology and generate profits... technology risk technology risk refers the situation when the major problems with the underlying technology occurs, that m.i.t will longer able achieve its anticipated functions, and the situation when key data tampered lost.. mitigation: view technology risk, the hedging methods adopted the operation team are: adopt the proven and well-recognized framework develop the m.i.t ecosystem based mature, open and secure blockchain technology; enroll more senior experts into the r&d team after sufficient fundraising, solidify the technology foundation, enrich manpower and leverage seasoned r&d expertise more team members. capital risk capital risk refers the situation when there will significant loss concerning with the project funding, e.g. stolen capital, capital loss, substantial depreciation the capital reserve. mitigation: view capital risk, the hedging methods adopted the operation team are: capital reserve jointly managed the policy-making committee the secure forms multi-signature e-wallet and cold storage. under the out multisignature agreement, the capital reserve will only exposed risk when the committee members fail exercise their duty simultaneously; enroll more senior experts into the r&d team after sufficient fundraising, solidify the technology foundation, enrich manpower and leverage seasoned r&d expertise more team members. part risk and mitigation the document intended only for the purpose information communication and does not constitute opinion the trading tnb. the abovementioned contents analysis does not constitute investment decisions. this document does not constitute any investment advice, investment intention investment solicitation. this document does not constitute interpreted any act buying selling, any invitation buy sell any form securities, nor any form contract undertaking. interested users should clearly understand the risk m.i.t and tnb. once investors participate the investment, the act understood acceptance the project risks.