timicoin timicoin the tokenized healthcare ecosystem platform white paper (c) copyright page timicoin our team marshall votta senior strategic advisor andre laurent senior technology advisor jim bonnette, medical advisor kai tsai strategic advisor robert martin strategic advisor scott fries strategic advisor henry kuo strategic advisor yirsa abreu pa-c medical advisor miguel esparza tech project manager will lowe strategic business advisor ramiro pequeno managing partner hardik patel m.eng. software engineer rushirajsinh jadeja m.eng. software engineer balachandren sutharshan software engineer mukunthan tharmakulasingam software engineer jay pandya software engineer dmitry nikitin software engineer randy rodriguez liaison (c) copyright page timicoin introduction personal health data currently not used efficiently nor effectively due fragmented information created and isolated throughout hospitals, physician practices, pharmacies, and laboratories. sharing healthcare data from one institution another has been complex task due privacy concerns and fear that sharing information will give others competitive advantage today's electronic medical records (emrs) have varying data standards that inhibit interoperability since records are not compatible between systems. inconsistent rules and permissions prohibit health organizations from accessing real-time patient data health information exchange (hie) defined reliable and interoperable electronic sharing clinical data obtained the patients, physicians, nurses, pharmacists and other health care providers across unaffiliated institutions which turn creates network effect this enables data follow patients wherever they receive care. blockchain powered health information exchange (hie) would establish the interoperability that lacking today's healthcare infrastructure furthermore, this would allow for coordinated patient care and eliminate unnecessary services and duplicate tests. improved data integrity, reduced transaction costs, decentralization and disintermediation trust, establish the benefits that health information exchange (hie) delivers. the purpose timicoin provide blockchain solution that will secure healthcare information within health information exchange (hie). this will effectively deliver patient records consistent and real-time manner, only accessed via smart contract after patient authorization. timicoin's health information exchange will provide optimized environment where health data structured and secured, leading better data utility and improved patient care outcome. vest and gamm, "health information exchange: persistent challenges and new strategies." clifton al., "privacy preserving data integration and sharing." peterson al., blockchain-based approach health information exchange networks." "health information exchange healthit.gov." hersh al., "outcomes from health information exchange: systematic review and future research needs." linn and koo, "blockchain for health data and its potential use health and health care related research." (c) copyright page timicoin hipaa compliance guidelines the health insurance portability and accountability act (hipaa) sets the standards for entities that must protect electronic patient health information (ephi) through physical, network, and security processes these entities can categorized those who provide treatment, payment, and operations directly linked patients business associates who support those who directly work with patients business associates include subcontractors any associated business that handles patient health information. the healthcare industry further integrates ephi (electronic patient health information) entry systems promote efficiency and mobility, entities must prioritize security risk and take the necessary measures protect ephi hipaa protocols and policies provide entities the ability adopt personalized risk management technologies according size and organizational structure. hipaa's safeguards include: limited facility access and control with authorized access place policies concerning user accesss and electronic media restrictions for transferring, removing, disposing, and re-using electronic media and ephi access controls include: using unique user id's, emergency access procedures, automatic log off, and encryption/decryption audit reports tracking logs that record activity hardware and software furthermore, integrity controls need established reaffirm that ephi data not altered destroyed disaster recovery and offsite backup must put place for insurance when electronic media errors and failures occur. the "summary the hipaa security rule hhs.gov." "hipaa compliance touch support." (c) copyright page timicoin disaster recovery measures include data transmission security (including e-mail, internet, and private network security) protect against unauthorized access ephi. de-identification healthcare information lucrative target for hackers. due the centralized nature electronic health records, data can easily hacked the rise adoption rates these technologies, noted the department health and human services, increases the potential security risks.lack security for patient records can lead legal and financial consequences that jeopardize patient care, proprietary practices, and competitive advantages data anonymity secures patient records, removing certain identifiable information and only providing partial data this process de-identifies the patient, maintaining hipaa compliant environment and providing valuable resources institutions for better patient therapies, medication research, and overall patient outcome. timicoin's blockchain network never reveals the patient's identity. instead, uses unique identifier distinguish between patients. when anyone requests data from the network, the patient notified via the timipatient app. the patient grants the permission use their data, without revealing their identity. without confirmation, the data the network encrypted and cannot accessed. health data demands heav storage and bandwidth requirements for numerous documents and large images. requiring blockchain distribute data for every patient among all members the blockchain would deem impossible from data storage perspective. the healthcare industry needs blockchain solution that serves access-control manager for health data "the biggest healthcare breaches healthcare news." o'hara, "thousands patient records leaked new york hospital data breach." (c) copyright page timicoin timicoin's health information exchange will index all health data for patient and tie the associated health data unique identifier for the patient. the transaction blocks will provide the user unique identifier, encrypted path the health record and timestamp for date creation. timicoin's blockchain will contain complete indexed history all heath data and its associated patient via the unique identifier. health data from wearable devices and mobile applications will also stored and indexed accordingly the timihealth ecosystem works containing the medical data data repository called data bucket. data buckets will store health data from images documents. the data buckets will provide health research institutions the tools for data mining. advanced query tools for clinical research studies, text mining, and data analytic tools will provide institutions powerful hie experience medical records created providers produce digital signature that used for authenticity verification. the health data encrypted and sent the data bucket for storage. the blockchain notified when object added the data bucket and creates pointer the health record that recorded the blockchain transaction assigned unique identifier. the patient then notified via the timipatient app where the patient can verify the transaction and add health data from wearables and apps. consistent structures the current environment for patient health data hindered monopolized information environment controlled few single authorities. each these centralized emr's have their own data structures and technical architectures, and thus create obstacles for interoperability. decentralized health information exchange would aggregate data from all emr providers and create consistent view patient records across cohesive data sharing network. krawiec al., "blockchain: opportunities for health care." (c) copyright page timicoin interoperability the ability system able exchange and use the electronic health information from another system without special effort done the user known interoperability currently emr systems are not compatible with each other which inhibit real-time data obtained seamlessly the lack communication among the emrs create data discrepancies which produce data errors that can lead consequences such medical miscommunication and result reduced patient health outcomes. the present environment, the patient has limited interaction the exchange information. the patient needs integrated into the healthcare ecosystem because the patient the principal component health information exchange (figure eliminating intentional data blocking, improving consumer access health data and implementing standards for health data interoperability, the appropriate and effective use health data will facilitated consumers should able easily and securely access their electronic health information which will turn benefit their health ensuring transparency all records between healthcare providers leading better health practices healthcare blockchain blockchain distributed transaction ledger which composed blocks that represent transactions. each peer peer transaction linked creating shared, immutable record. the blockchain established using cryptographic techniques for full transparency and decentralization forgoing the requirement central authority and thus creating trust-less consensus. mining process validating transaction block network the process complex algorithms prove and validate the correctness transaction and thereby adding the new block the respective blockchain. miners are nodes that assemble the blocks and link them the blockchain miners only build top valid blocks due implemented incentives which drive the consensus strategy within the network. the office the national coordinator for health information technology (onc), "update the adoption health information technology and related efforts facilitate the electronic use and exchange health information." heath, "hhs interoperability pledge gains major support himss "interoperability pledge healthit.gov." (c) copyright page timicoin timicoin ecosystem data input portal (emr) admin portal api timihealth blockchain data management portal timicoin ecosystem (figure consensus consensus means agreement between the parties. the blockchain network, the consensus means agreement between the participating nodes. need for consensus: transactions between the nodes blockchain network result the generation new blocks every few minutes. these new blocks are then appended the blockchain. however, before getting appended, these blocks (c) copyright page timicoin are validated the miner nodes. and there possibility that rogue miner node which can cause instability the network. instability might arise when this rogue node broadcasts validates incorrect transactions. thus, blockchain network needs consensus for every block appended. this establishes trust within the network. types blockchain: blockchain network can be: public: public blockchain, anyone can join the blockchain network. for instance, bitcoin and ethereum are public network. permissioned: contrary the public blockchain, permissioned blockchain, the participating nodes require permission part network. hyperledger fabric example permissioned blockchain network. hyperledger fabric: hyperledger fabric open source linux foundation project, contributed ibm. hyperledger fabric helps create scalable and modular enterprise blockchain networks. allows components such consensus and membership services plug and play. moreover, being permissioned network, all the participants the network are trusted and verified. the membership service component issues certificates and encrypted cards all the nodes. these are required for making any transaction within the network. thus, saves the network from the rogue nodes. addition, parties can form channels within the network. these channels help conduct private and confidential transaction between two more specific network members. (c) copyright page timicoin the consensus hyperledger fabric broken into three phases: endorsement, ordering, and validation. endorsement driven the policy upon which the participants endorse the transaction. ordering phase accepts the endorsed transactions and agrees the order committed the ledger. validation takes block ordered transactions and validates the correctness the accuracy the results, including checking endorsement policy and double-spending. all the three phases are pluggable. for instance, some the plugins for ordering services are: apache kafka byzantine fault tolerance smart (bft smart) simplified byzantine fault tolerance (sbft) also, similar the ethereum network, the fabric network allows execution the smart-contracts within the network. they are known chaincode the hyperledger terminology. timihealth data blockchain consensus: timihealth exchange network powered the permissioned hyperledger fabric framework. the hospitals and the consumers make the network. these consumers can medical research institute, medical school, medical insurance company, etc. consensus driven the apache kafka ordering service. timihealth payment blockchain consensus: timihealth employs public blockchain network for payments. this blockchain based the pivx and the dash codebase. two-tier network the masternodes and the staking nodes. (c) copyright page timicoin consensus algorithm the timihealth payments blockchain combination proof work (pow) and proof stake (pos). let's take brief look both them: proof work (pow): pow, multiple miners compete mine block. here, these miners need solve "mathematical puzzle" get unique hash. the first miner, who successfully solves this puzzle, rewarded with the set block reward. mining provides protection for the network well generating new tokens over time. also, there concept difficulty the pow chains. the number miners increases, the computational power the network grows. this, turn, increases the difficulty the mathematical puzzle. solving the mathematical puzzle a.k.a mining includes generating the large hashes continuously until correct hash found. this process resource intensive i.e. over time becomes impossible for conventional cpus generate these hashes frequently. thus, large gpus are employed which consume great amount energy. with this, when multiple miners employ these gpus large scale, tremendous amount electricity consumed. hence, becomes theoretically impossible for rogue node bring down the network and the consensus maintained. proof stake (pos): pos, the miner selected based some criteria. the criteria referenced the amount the currency the miner holds. other words, the stake the currency owned that decides the probability the miner getting selected for the mining. since multiple miners not compete solve the puzzle, pos proves energy efficient, contrary pow. (c) copyright page timicoin pos, the miner owns stake the currency. thus, tries bring down the blockchain network broadcasting and accepting illegitimate transactions, the value his own stake decreases. resulting safer and stable network ecosystem. hybrid: proof work and proof stake combined harvest the pros both the pow and pos mechanisms, the timihealth payments chain works hybrid approach. this approach customized where block number the pow chain active and once the majority the reward distributed, the pos chain initiates work. utility token fundamentals the development decentralized health data ecosystem requires series services and systems. utility tokens are units services that are used access data and have well-defined utility within their blockchain ecosystem. the timihealth ecosystem will require the timicoin utility token process all services and data requests for patients, providers, and consumer organizations. timihr users will able transact their timicoins validate smart contracts, request provide data permissions, access invaluable data via the timipatient app and connect company proprietary software via api's. (c) copyright page timicoin health utility token understand the value utility token, one must understand the flow health data through multiple services and players. initially, health data stored with health organizations and provider offices. when health organizations provide services patients, clinical data captured. this clinical data stored electronic medical record systems. this point, patient data will submitted the timihealth ecosystem via smart contract process and each transaction stored the blockchain along with the patient's public id. this means that the submission and acceptance process has been completed and uniquely identified. timicoins are distributed accordingly the users. the value the timihealth ecosystem derives from the rich patient health data that will analyzed reveal new insights. health organizations and institutions will access the timihealth information exchange query the blockchain. their queries include non-identifiable patient information (age, gender, illness) that viewable. the organizations will submit request access the data and patients will grant deny permission and receive timicoins for access their data. utility token fundamentals the timihealth ecosystem will require the timicoin utility token process all services and data requests for patients, providers, and consumer organizations. (figure timi access the data request and management portal for the ecosystem. timicoin the utility token fuelling the timihealth ecosystem. from here, consumer organizations can: discover new providers request new data from available sources pay with timicoin for requesting access data manage accessible data contact providers (c) copyright page timicoin timiemr visuals figure figure (c) copyright page timicoin timiemr consists nicely refined interface and backend algorithms find the exact recordset the data that consumer asks for. has its own health data search engine and works efficiently based the keywords the search query, well the external filters applied. the process searching and obtaining the health data now simple and efficient. consumer organizations only need type their search query keywords, like any other search engine, and apply extra filters the results need more specific and constrained. then the health data search engine performs work and fetches the most relevant recordset from multiple available providers based constraints. smart contract established the timicoin network ledger, and every patient who has granted permission access their data then rewarded timicoins. the data then released the consumer organization. timipatient app the timipatient app provides multiple utility functions the patients connected the timihealth network. the functions performed require timicoins invoked. (figure and patients use the timipatient app to: view data and share statistics. manage data access and connect providers who are multicasting the data view their updated health data real-time including; sugar levels, disease information, blood group, etc. (figure and figure monitor the real-time data for patient's health maintain synchronized medical history from multiple healthcare facilities for more efficient diagnoses and treatment. when patient visits new facility, providers can review the past medical activities and decide medication treatments effectively and instantly. this huge time saver for the healthcare system! (c) copyright page timicoin timipatient app visual figure figure (c) copyright page timicoin timipatient app visual figure figure (c) copyright page timicoin timiwallet the timiwallet the essential wallet app for any user connected the timihealth ecosystem who wants trade timicoin tokens. neatly designed, secure and efficient lite wallet client for timicoin's token ledger. (figure timiwallet also connected the timipatient smart contract system for the consumers, automatically generates order invoice for the data they are purchasing. consumer organizations will able easily tap button the app pay for the data. (figure figure figure (c) copyright page timicoin user roles providers providers are the hospitals and other medical facilities that serve patients. they serve the input source for the medical data timi access systems. patients patients are the primary source data, however, they are indirect source they are not allowed handle the operations the input system. their only responsibility grant the data access when new requests are created. they can view their data from various providers the reward for being timipatient participant. consumers consumers are the health related business organizations which take benefit from the patient data that timiemr. subsystems timihealth the decentralized blockchain based health information exchange network that enables profitable ecosystem between patients, hospitals and healthcare organizations. timiemr the electronic data management system that will used provider facilities their lead emr system the connecting point between their existing emr system and timihealth network. timireports timireports the online portal view the allowed healthcare data for organizations and patients. timicloud the online data management and data search portal for all the users request new data, grant access manage the available data timi access respective what access provided the particular user. timicloud serves the face timihealth network. (c) copyright page timicoin timihealth data flow the data flow and transaction process timicoin designed provide the maximum data security along with ease access and efficiency the cloud. the timihealth network process divided into sub-procedures. (figure data input when new hospital joins the network, they connect the data from their existing emr systems timiemr the timi access cloud. the data indexed the cloud and keywords are matched. while the actual data stays the facility computers, timi access has the indices and decryption keys the data. data access when consumer organization searches for specific categories data, timihealth's search engine algorithms search the indices and fetches the source locations for the type data the organization queried. the organization will provided with the cost for the data based the source locations and data categories. the organization can then submit request the patients grant the access. granting permissions when new access request submitted, the cloud engine reaches out facilities and the involved patients for the digital noc form smart contract. when the access request approved both the parties, the request granted and all the asked data made available the consumers the timireports portal. the data will also available via the developers apis and can fetched into their own systems. timihealth engine uses more efficient functionality called the pre-granted access. when new facility joins the timihealth network new patient joins the facility, they are asked they want join the timihealth data exchange program. they agree, their information flagged "always accessible" data and that makes the process seamless and efficient for the organizations consume health data. (c) copyright page timicoin data flow visual gives data providers with tests timihealthservers send the new data transaction miners also inputs data directly timihealth network via health devices and our client app timi access once mined, the new block added the timihealth blockchain. timicoins are rewarded the miners timipatient ask patients for permission when new data query received. when patients approve, the encryption key unlocks the data and consumer can access the data. data consumers ask for data they want, specific bulk. consumers pay the network fees and the patients are rewarded after the data unlocked. benefits health care blockchain patients, providers and healthcare organizations all benefit from the health information exchange platform provided timicoin's blockchain technology. patients will longer have gather data from various providers share with their specialists. instead, timicoin creates single storage location for all real-time health data, which easily accessible through granted access. this ultimately frees the patient from needing manually manage the information from each visit his/her different providers. better, more readily available data leads improved patient outcome. the patient now has access his/her own health data leading more engaged patient and thus improving compliance. (c) copyright page timicoin blockchain will ensure continuous availability and access real-time data, improving clinical care coordination and providing industry wide incentives via timicoin's health information exchange. providers and organizations will now have access the same existing data, leading optimized patient care. aggregating data from larger and more diverse patient population enables improved research activities including clinical trials that can result more accurate representation the general public. blockchain technology creates global solution for seamless collaboration. this revolutionary technology will evolve healthcare into what was supposed be: progressive environment where patient has full control their health data and providers work together ensure the full potential patient's health outcome while reaping the economic benefits efficient healthcare system. (c) copyright page timicoin works cited clifton, chris, murat kantarci, anhai doan, gunther schadow, jaideep vaidya, ahmed elmagarmid, and dan suciu. "privacy preserving data integration and sharing." accessed november https://oi.org/./.. "health information exchange healthit.gov." accessed december https://www.healthit.gov/topic/health-it-basics/health-infor mation-ex change. heath, sara. "hhs interoperability pledge gains major support himss ehr intelligence, https://ehrintelligence.com/news/hhs-interoperabili ty-pledge-gains-major-support-at-himss-. hersh, william annette totten, karen eden, beth devine, paul gorman, steven kassakian, susan woods, monica daeges, miranda pappas, and marian mcdonagh. "outcomes from health information exchange: systematic review and future research needs." jmir medical informatics no. (december https://doi.org/./medinform.. "hipaa compliance touch support." accessed october https://www.touchsupport.com/hipaa-compliance/. "interoperability pledge healthit.gov." accessed september https://www.healthit.gov/commitment. krawiec, rj, dan housman, mark white, mariya filipova, florian quarre, dan barr, allen nesbitt, al. "blockchain: opportunities for health care." nist work shop blockchain healthcare, https://oncprojectracking.health it.gov/wiki/display/techlabi/blockchain+challenge+on+on c+tech+lab# blockchainchallengeononctechlab-winning. linn, laure, and martha koo. "blockchain for health data and its potential use health and health care related research." accessed october https://www.healthit.gov/sites/default/files/--ablock chainforhealthcare.pdf. (c) copyright page timicoin o'hara, mary. "thousands patient records leaked new york hospital data breach," https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/thousands-pa tient-records-leaked-hospital-data-breach-n. peterson, kevin, rammohan deeduvanu, pradip kanjamala, kelly boles, and mayo clinic. blockchain-based approach health information exchange networks." accessed october https://www.healthit.gov/sites/de fault/files/--blockchain-based-approach-final.pdf. "summary the hipaa security rule hhs.gov." accessed october https://www.hhs.gov/hipaa/for-professionals/security/laws-reg ulations/index.html. "the biggest healthcare breaches healthcare news," http://www.healthcareitnews.com/slideshow/biggest-health care-breaches--so-far?page=. the office the national coordinator for health information technology (onc). "update the adoption health information technology and related efforts facilitate the electronic use and exchange health information," http://healthit.gov/. vest, joshua and larry gamm. "health information exchange: persistent challenges and new strategies." journal the american medical informatics association: jamia no. (): https://doi.org/./ jamia... (c) copyright page