michael stollaire founder and ceo last revision: september october th, (c) tbis inc. all rights reserved. executive summary titanium infrastructure services: the ultimate strength the blockchain... unleashed(tm). titanium blockchain infrastructure services (tbis) finally answers the question: "what entire enterprise could virtualized, including data centers, firewalls, load-balancers, routers, switches, network appliances and servers?" tbis intends disrupt the current market leaders the provisioning and virtualization space. services will include: company service(tm) (caas), bring your own cloud(tm) (byoc), dexchange(tm), infrastructure service (iaas), monitoring service (maas), blockchain service (baas), mining service(tm) (miaas), instant ico incubator(tm) (iii), etc. tbis developed the blockchain platform, all changes the environment and assets will recorded immutable ledger, correlate with standard change management and itil methodologies. follow-the-sun enterprise management and monitoring services, autonomous healing, and optimized disaster recovery and redundancy mechanisms will allow tbis virtually guarantee close uptime devices, applications and services, making them market leader. since tbis would operate the blockchain, the days distributed denial service (ddos) attacks and other black hat hacker exploits would effectively over. most, not all, the issues associated with similar cloud server products would solved. the tbis administrative user interface (ui) intuitive and the simplest use the industry, and will available thick client, web-based thin client, and mobility applications both apple's ios and android platforms. wizards will allow administrators create any component their infrastructure mere minutes, designed alignment with their growth factors, technical requirements and business drivers. unique capability create virtual cryptocurrency miners will included tbis services, allowing customers spin emulated asic and/or gpu miners with specified hash rate. mean time repair (mttr) will significantly hastened, minimizing the cost outages. cost ownership (coo) will reduced minimal levels. return investment (roi) will achieved far faster than with traditional cloudbased solutions. michael stollaire background since the advent the idea interconnected network the very little has changed regarding internet infrastructure. while today's internet has infinitely more interconnected servers, home computers, and most importantly, users, the functional technological framework has not changed since the first envisioned the computing pioneers the and 's. course, server technology has improved since the first network arrays such arpanet, but the fundamental infrastructure hasn't changed still based large data centers and centrally controlled large companies who have their own interests heart; these interests are not necessarily yours. the invention virtualization software allowed for the creation virtual machines (vms) high capacity servers. this saved companies around the world billions dollars and allowed for the rapid growth the consumer webhosting industry hundreds low traffic websites could hosted very small amount rackspace "servers" could brought into being with the touch button. however, even this situation, disproportionate amount power was placed the hands relatively few companies. even today, internet traffic passes through server farms concentrated northern virginia and operated single company. while the status quo works, far from the ideal decentralized and democratized internet envisioned our technological progenitors and which only now becoming possibility. welcome the new world brought you titanium infrastructure services (tbis); are the revolution. the time writing, roughly all internet traffic passes through aws server farms scattered throughout norther virginia. this centralization introduces fundamental weakness the entire infrastructure the internet; solve this problem that tbis was designed. source: http://www.nextgov.com/big-data///-percent-global-internet-traffic-goes-through-northern-virginia// michael stollaire new era today, the largest transportation company the world owns cars (uber), the largest hospitality company the face the planet owns hotels (airbnb), the largest retailer carries stock (alibaba), and the world's most popular media network creates content (facebook). clearly, are living time radical change. why should internet infrastructure any different? tbis proud introduce infrastructure service (iaas). today the internet, considered collectively, represents estimated million petabytes data. enormous this it, dwarfed the potential fully integrated and interconnected global network scattered throughout the billions desktops, servers, and networked devices. the leveraging this system which tbis dedicated. with completed proof-of-concept models created and functioning infrastructure forged the greatest minds the distributed computing industry, tbis will completely revolutionize internet infrastructure. just steel changed the building industry forever, titanium will usher new era network construction. with tbis' proprietary iaas, every device, from enterprise level down, can virtualized; routers, firewalls, and specialized equipment such cryptocurrency miners, can exist entirely cloud-based environment. paired with cutting-edge enterprise management and monitoring technology, this will create shock-proof internet infrastructure that will both lightweight and utterly revolutionary scope. the distributed tbis system will monitor the health the network execute autonomous "healing" actions when specific weaknesses are detected. with titanium hydra fault tolerance, device falters, tbis will have already shifted load away and onto another network redundant nodes. potential security problem arises, the tbis system will work automatically limit the potential impact attacks such ddos other address-specific attacks; impossible overwhelm piece equipment that exists only the ether. the backbone the tbis system the service level agreement (sla) which can constructed virtually guarantee uptime all devices, applications, and mission-critical services. the titanium control panel will make possible for even inexperienced user create slas that will able support enterprise-level support and network infrastructure for any person company that has decided part the coming titanium revolution. short, tbis iaas will render current infrastructure services, from web hosting any network support device, archaic, obsolete and utterly useless. just iron supplanted bronze, titanium elemental the future the internet. michael stollaire mission statement our mission: "our mission leverage the power the immutable blockchain provide virtual infrastructure services for businesses and individuals, creating titaniumclad guarantee reliability which had previously been wholly impossible." our team firmly believes the disruptive power the blockchain. already, global business and finance are being transformed and disrupted blockchain technologies. tbis has already completed trials that demonstrate that possible create entire infrastructure systems distributed and redundant systems. imagine world which businesses longer need have networking closet full expensive and temperamental equipment that rapidly becomes obsolete, requires tender care and reduces productivity through down time general digital surliness. all the decaying equipment with yellowing casings can replaced with digital titanium for fraction the cost acquisition and maintenance hardware infrastructure, all while increasing uptime and reliability and completely eliminating maintenance. tbis's infrastructure service (iaas) powerful and timely platform which needed usher new era productivity for companies and individuals around the world providing end-to-end internet infrastructure. michael stollaire core objectives titanium infrastructure services (tbis) has the following core components: infrastructure service(tm) (iaas(tm)): the core objective and primary goal tbis the creation and propagation shockproof distributed network infrastructure capable replacing the bloated and inefficient hardware foundation upon which the internet today based. essence: build better internet that cannot controlled destroyed anyone and open for all. this will include but not limited to: maintaining and enhancing tbis' existing enterprise virtualization software package which enables the creation network components such servers, routers, switches, etc., distributed environment building and remaining the facto platform for creating, maintaining, patching and upgrading distributed enterprise environments making quick and simple virtualize entire enterprise-level infrastructure environments while simultaneously decreasing the cost-to-consumer and downtime while increasing network reliability, security, and convenience website hosting through the titanium virtual server system will more reliable than existing shared hosting because unlike traditional server, which can down, the tbis servers will guarantee constant uptime and dramatically increased security implement the cutting-edge tbis enterprise management software with autonomous healing and security functions include the titanium hydra fault tolerance suite for all monitored elements and network components desktop service(tm) (daas(tm)): the creation distributed internet infrastructure also makes possible host entire user computers the titanium cloud. using the custom designed ultra-light titaniumos, tbis users will able access their entire computer from any publicly available terminal smartphone. through navigating their personal encrypted titanium desktop, they will able use their computer just they would use any website. titanium virtualization technologies will protect their data, ensure uptime and reliability, and make viruses and targeted attacks thing the past through implementation the titanium hydra fault tolerance suite. leveraging state-of-the-art shake titanium sponge cryptographic techniques, the user's files and titaniumos will future-proof encrypted and yet will remain accessible the user with the titanium key. this will combine ultimate encryption and security while also allowing for ease access. michael stollaire company service(tm) (caas(tm)): this automated wizard which will allow user start new business from square one through leveraging the power smart contracts. anyone who has attempted start business the past aware the challenges presented meeting legal requirements establish business. through caas, tbis will able supply entrepreneurs with the critical support they need get their business off the ground completing tasks such as: registering for business licenses creating business bank accounts filing trademarks and patents incorporating leasing office space equipment hiring employees independent contractors securing advertising space domain registration and host acquisition etc. from legal standpoint, these smart contracts will save business more than just time the creation businesses. smart contracts, encoded the immutable tbis blockchain, cannot tampered with altered any way. once contract has been signed, has been etched into titanium and will exist perpetuity. cryptoescrow(tm): this service allows the tbis user use any supported cryptocurrency purchase items, auction items, etc. and leverage ethereumbased escrow service based the smart contract. this would enable buyers and sellers conduct transactions free the worries typically associated with online purchases. the titanium cryptoescrow(tm) would make possible to: buy and sell online for any amount any approved cryptocurrency without fear non-delivery. this system designed use very simple smartphone interface that will require experience coding background. easy, your grandmother could it. generate titanium smart contracts using the tbis blockchain and the titanium dex (below) manage payment and logistics. this contract will consist two-part sha hash which will given both buyer and seller, and only once these two pieces are united and delivery takes place will the funds released from the escrow. how this might work the real world that alice might hire courier firm deliver bob guitar purchased from alice under instructions only hand over the guitar once bob has given them the pre-image which fulfils sha(key) hash. once they have this key they may send transaction the blockchain themselves (or have alice it), release the cryptocurrency. the end result that bob has his prized guitar, and alice has received her payment the cryptocurrency her choice. however, alice does not receive the correct random number from bob during allotted time period, the contract voided, and the cryptocurrency returned bob. example such escrow contract coded the solidity coding language can found the appendix the end this white paper. with that said, tbis actively working strategic partnerships with other companies (also delineated below), one which provides intuitive that anyone with basic computer experience can use create smart contracts. solidity, etc. coding experience necessary. your grandmother could it. michael stollaire bring your own cloud(tm) (byoc): beneath the surface the titanium infrastructure there will entire suite services that will change the computing world. central this effort the desire help users create truly private computing environment. this can achieved through byoc. people can join the byoc secure computing environment contributing hashpower the network. byoc based pow erc token which generates ever-changing hash for communications encryption. when user joins, they will connected service that will download open source linux vpn application. users can opt use their own cryptocurrency miner long meets the minimum requirements for platform, cpu, ram, etc. alternatively, course, one the many virtual miner emulation choices available via the miaas tbis offering could leveraged. please note that the byoc service can used for many other functions, such webservers, file servers, etc. cryptocurrency mining device only used example. tbis will provide centos linux iso image which has special kick-start function, bring the device online and initiates minimum amount hashing the local gpu. this point, the kickstart server can deploy any server/device you connect your private cloud environment. for mining hardware, byoc will facilitate high-end servers being used cryptocurrency miners. for ultra-secure computing environment, users can join the tbis instaminer network. based micro-computers, which can acquired from tbis, security context with the peer-to-peer blockchain can established. someone attempts add device via method that does not include the tbis micro-computers, the device will not allowed communicate the network. the tbis microcomputer will have open vpn for security and will able deploy images servers and miners the local environment. once the security context established, files beyond the vanilla centos will obtained via our own git repository and docker swarm infrastructure. short, the use the tbis microcomputer will make setting miners and servers completely automated. dexchange(tm): cryptocurrencies and blockchain technologies are centered around decentralization. however, many cryptocurrency exchanges today are based centralized systems which are controlled outside entities. the tbis titanium exchange will provide initial support for the top ten fiat currencies used worldwide, and allow for exchange trading with the top one-hundred cryptocurrencies per https://www.coinmarketcap.com entirely decentralized fashion. course, tbis reserves the right increase decrease the number fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies supports with future releases the product. instant ico incubator (iii)(tm): tbis, know how hard can get everything together for token launch. you have brilliant technical idea, but need the marketing and organizational backing bring life, the titanium instant ico incubator(tm) will take the guesswork out your token launch through providing end-toend launch services. also, titanium clad accreditation will created and granted icos that have undergone deep-dive due diligence titanium michael stollaire personnel. there will guesswork, which icos are credible and primed for investment. for instance, where these accreditations are supported, titanium will require our icos have both better business bureau (bbb) and duns bradstreet accreditation. titanium does all the work for you, your investments are safe possible. the over-arching goal titanium blockchain infrastructure services provide the capability for virtualization equipment, running the gamut from simple routers, specialized equipment such cryptocurrency miners. through virtualization, tbis will able help guarantee that your equipment will stay updated, patched, and ready function protect the interests your business. for example, order remove the hazards associated with new technology being introduced that makes current mining rigs obsolete. with tbis iaas, you would simply run wizard our replace gpu-based mining rig with asic mining device. when new asic boards are released that are more energy efficient and have significantly greater hashing rate, the virtual boards can upgraded, etc., drawing our global network computing power. michael stollaire token mechanics and sale details this token mechanics and sale details summary does not constitute offer sell solicitation offer buy tbis's token, called "bar", and provided for informational purposes only respect tbis's platform. the following summary reflects tbis's current expectations with respect token mechanics and sale bar, which are subject change. soon, the tbis token (bar) will sold. part this sale, fixed pool bar will generated. further bars will created the future. bar will deflationary currency. once the sale concludes, portion bar tokens will allocated and given the tbis team incentive for the success our platform, and separate portion will held reserve pool and expenditure fund. the community will hold all bar, the tbis team will hold bar (subject freeze period), bar will reserved for various community bounties and bar will allocated for the reserve pool. the bar cryptocurrency serves several key operational functions with respect the tbis platform for its holders: bar will not the only means paying for products and services within the tbis ecosystem. the following currencies, which may expanded upon later, will also accepted: bitcoin (btc), ethereum (eth), monero (xmr) and verge (xvg). however, customer uses bar, they will receive discount the product/service they are purchasing. bar owners will allowed participate milestone completion votes, which will used unlock reserves for bar expenditure. bar will serve the primary mechanism for verifying third-party marketplace smart contracts decentralized and secure way. when tbis smart contracts are deployed users, the bar that paid fee will re-sold and circulated back into the ecosystem market value. bar token sale bar tokens will offered exchange rate bar for eth, for sale duration approximately sixty days. during the first hours, all bar purchased will sold reduced rate. the sale slated begin december (gmt-). hidden, undisclosed hard cap will cryptographically signed using the keccak hashing algorithm and released part the smart contract. this cap reached, then will revealed and the sale will immediately end. otherwise, the sale ends once the sale period has come close. the cap can verified comparing the revealed value with the hash included the original contract. security cap million eth will hardcoded into the contract, safety net against unforeseen complications. this security cap not the hard cap for tbis, and not intended reached. michael stollaire the tbis team has pre-determined minimum goal (denoted ether) that represents the runway necessary for the core tbis platform finished and released. the minimum goal not reached the end the sale duration, then all contributed ether will marked for refund. anybody who contributed will able withdraw their ether from the sale contract. before the december bar token sale, pre-sale period approximately onemonth will transpire. during that time, investors that are willing invest minimum the project will receive bonus. this would equate roughly bar for eth. two bonus periods will offered the beginning the sale provide early bird contributors small incentive. during the first hours the funding period, the exchange rate will bar for eth, bonus. for the hours after that, the exchange rate will bar for eth, bonus. for the hours after that, the exchange rate will bar for eth, bonus. after the early bird periods, the price bar will remain bar for eth for the rest the sale. note: the exact start date, duration the discount period, and duration the sale will determined block numbers, and thus are approximated with accuracy couple minutes. half the tokens the total token pool sold) retained the tbis team will frozen for one year months) from the end the sale, with the other remaining frozen for additional year total months). this freeze period ensures that developer tokens will enter circulation before the tbis platform live. any tokens purchased part the sale will immediately allocated the buyer, but will locked from transfers until the minimum goal has been reached. short amount time after the sale starts, these tokens will spendable the tbis mainnet demo app, once the minimum cap reached. secondary milestone voting the tbis team committed delivering our promises. believe our product, and wish show good faith remaining accountable its success. thus, are implementing completion-based release model. active users who are involved the tbis platform will given vote determining deadlines and milestones have been met. the tbis team will open votes for each milestone they are released, and tbis users will have window time signal the milestone "complete" "incomplete". majority votes signal the feature "complete", the reserves associated with that milestone stage will released. the event that milestone deemed "incomplete", will engage with the community for feedback determine our shortcomings, and address those necessary. the vote will then repeated after cooldown period, maximum three votes total. the case three failed votes, the lock will released the michael stollaire discretion the team, less than one month after the final completion vote. this protects the long-term functionality the tbis platform from being locked over vote manipulation contentious issues. the specific milestones that have voter-locked access attached are noted figure the tbis team will lock and the token sale proceeds until the completion the first and second noted milestones figure respectively. the specific amounts locked may change according the results the token sale and the tbis team's needs. once finalized post sale, these numbers will not change. operations and roadmap our team wants proceed with due care and caution minimize potential asset loss for users. these smart contracts are deployed the ethereum blockchain immutable code, particularly crucial that everything thoroughly battle-hardened and easily updateable handle bugs. part the development process, will source independent professional software auditing for all smart contracts, addition our internal verification pipeline this comprehensive testing routine allocated its necessary portion time and reflected the paced release schedule. tbis features will released the following order: michael stollaire figure the feature release schedule for the tbis platform. vote-based unlocking will occur for the milestones marked with asterisk "*". figure the expected expenditures percent total costs for the tbis platform. michael stollaire key activities disclaimer: the projected financial expenditure plan and release timeline are only estimates and serve illustrate the general plan for the future tbis. reserve the right make adjustments reasonable based available resources and other constraints. our projected cost breakdown shown figure briefly summarize core activities and specific expenditures below. platform development, testing, and maintenance further development and continued maintenance the core tbis platform the primary cost that tbis will expense the near future. this allocation resources will put towards the compensation the core tbis team, and any future personnel who are signed onto the tbis team, necessary. this will primarily consist software engineers, platform and infrastructure engineers, customer service and support specialists, and product strategists. auditing minimize risks tbis users, have reached out multiple trusted security and software verification firms which specialize smart contract auditing. these auditors will responsible for verifying our smart contracts before deployment, addition the rigorous set internal testing performed the tbis team. given the sensitive nature tbis's platform, believe that better err the side caution and will devote all the necessary resources ensuring safe and secure platform for all tbis users. business growth and development will marketing our platform ensure healthy growth. this not only important for ensuring that tbis remains the best platform for deploying smart contracts, but also for marketplace participants, their ability earn bar will depend entirely the size the user base. intend acquire new users via targeted marketing, first focusing targeting early adopters and businesses already building blockchain technology. will quickly extend our efforts towards additional channels bring new users both the tbis platform and ethereum general. intend appeal both personal uses well businesses. that said, view business growth holistic manner. believe demonstrating value first, well attracting attention through collaboration. noted our roadmap, intend organize least one hackathon jump start the contract marketplace. for this event, intend create voter tokens and have participants choose winners. these winners will receive free auditing and early availability their developed smart contracts the marketplace. will also form partnerships with other blockchain innovators create mutual michael stollaire value for our users. will focus our business development efforts those technologies with identifiable synergies and compatibilities with tbis. put open and honest relationships first, and seek mutually encourage innovation and growth. legal our platform will require users have clear understanding the rights and responsibilities all parties involved using tbis. once our token sale has concluded, will invest the necessary time and capital developing user agreements for smart contract deployment and marketplace sellers. future legal costs are also accounted for here. future goals bugs and unforeseen flaws are inevitable risk with any programming code, regardless how thoroughly they have been vetted and reviewed. tbis will strive provide its users with the maximum amount assurance possible implementing enhanced security measures any contract where appropriate. the ability stop rogue contract structured, pre-determined way will prevent high-value losses and ensure safe platform for everyone, without resorting relying controversial hard-forks. also recognize that the technology landscape quickly evolving, and that our platform infrastructure must remain agile and adapt changing conditions. new technology and solutions such decentralized hosting and storage stabilize and gain adoption, intend move more and more the tbis platform these services. this will ensure that our platform remains the preferred solution for smart contract deployment. michael stollaire legal considerations the most current version this document, accessible the web at: https://tbis.io/wp-content/uploads///titanium-infrastructure-services-whitepaper-v.-...pdf the version available that url represents the only valid version our whitepaper. bar are only functional tokens intended used compensate tbis for use it's platform. these tokens will give access the tbis mainnet demo app soon the minimum cap achieved. bar are not for speculative investment. promises regarding value future performance are made regarding bar. promises regarding any particular value bar are made. other rights associated with holding bar are given. proceeds the token sale may spent the company sees appropriate, which may change deemed necessary the maturation and advancement tbis. our team investing heavily the safety and security the services tbis provides, detailed previously. however, cannot protect against all possible sources error, especially those parts the technology stack cannot control. therefore, all risks assumed using the tbis platform any capacity, including but not limited deploying smart contracts, creating and destroying virtual devices, and collecting bar through the marketplace are solely assumed the user. users must measure the gravity potential value loss against their trust the services tbis will provide and act they see appropriate. never trust anything that one cannot afford lose any entity, tbis otherwise, without fully understanding all the mechanics involved the whole procedure. bar tokens are meant held and used those well-versed cryptographic tokens, only for the purpose accessing the services offered the tbis platform. tbis and its team must abide within the laws set forth its operational country(ies). intend provide our services decentralized fashion reasonably feasible, but our legal entity must act according the rules and bounds encoded applicable laws. this includes but not necessarily limited laws governing financial operations, employment, fee charging, and sales. michael stollaire potential strategic partnerships that are under serious consideration blockcat: simple ethereum smart contract creation wizard that allows users with coding experience whatsoever create smart contracts. https://blockcat.io/ golem: provisions decentralized cpu and ram/memory resources, fraction the cost current cloud-based systems. https://golem.network/ sia: provisions decentralized storage fraction the cost current cloud-based services such dropbox amazon web services. http://sia.tech/ shapeshift: cryptocurrency transformation service, which would allow tbis accept most existing cryptocurrencies payment for our products and services. https://shapeshift.io/ michael stollaire appendix example solidity escrow contract contract decentralisedauction{ struct auction uint deadline; uint highestbid; address highestbidder; uint bidhash; address recipient; mapping(uint auction) auctions; uint numauctions; function startauction(uint timelimit) returns (uint auctionid){ auctionid numauctions++; auctions[auctionid].deadline block.number timelimit; auctions[auctionid].recipient msg.sender; function bid(uint id, uint biddershash) returns (address highestbidder){ auction auctions[id]; (a.highestbid msg.value a.deadline block.number) msg.sender.send(msg.value); return a.highestbidder; a.highestbidder.send(a.highestbid); a.highestbidder msg.sender; a.highestbid msg.value; a.bidhash biddershash; return msg.sender; function endauction(uint id, uint key) returns (address highestbidder){ auction auctions[id]; (block.number a.deadline sha(key) a.bidhash) a.recipient.send(a.highestbid); clean(id) function clean(uint id) private{ auction auctions[id]; a.highestbid a.highestbidder a.deadline a.recipient a.bidhash michael stollaire