titan coin whitepaper disclaimer this document technical document that illustrates the current and future developments the titan coin. this document for informational purposes only and does not constitute future declaration intent. unless expressly stated otherwise, the products and innovations presented this document are under development and are not the implementation phase. titan coin makes warranties representations regarding the development implementation such technologies and innovations, the performance any other activity identified the document, and disclaims all warranties implied law otherwise the measure permitted law. one has the right rely the content this document infer any conclusions drawn therefrom, also with regard any interaction with titan coin with the technologies mentioned this document. titan coin accepts responsibility for loss damage any nature (foreseeable otherwise) that may arise from any person acting the information and opinions relating titan coin, the titan coin contained herein any other information made available connection with other requests, despite any negligence, defect lack assistance. the information contained this whitepaper extracted from data obtained from sources deemed reliable titan coin and provided good faith. titan coin does not provide any guarantee regarding the accuracy, completeness adequacy the information presented. must not relied upon confer any right remedy you, your employees, your creditors, security holders any other shareholder any other person. the opinions expressed reflect the current judgment the authors this article and not necessarily represent the opinion titan coin. opinions reflected this document are subject change without notice and opinions not necessarily reflect the views titan coin. titan coin not obliged modify, modify update this document otherwise inform its reader recipient, the event that any the points contained this document, notice, projection, forecast estimate, has changed changed becomes inaccurate. titan coin, its directors, employees, subcontractors and its representatives assume responsibility towards any person recipient (for negligence, inaccuracy other errors) resulting from declaration, opinion or, contained in, derived from omitted from this document. titan coin and its consultants have not independently verified the information, including the forecasts, perspectives and projections contained herein. introduction blockchain distributed database, which uses digital book technology that stores transaction records and shares them distributed computer network. using encryption, each network participant can log and manage the ledger securely. central authority needed this system. the blockchain maintains list records (blocks) that continues grow, each containing timestamp and link the previous one. titan coin introduces completely new blockchain technology that uses hybrid pow dynamic pos sha groestl (dual algorithm) for its backbone the transactions pos (proof stake) system that pays percent per year. titan coin experimental currency that allows immediate payment anyone, anywhere the world, using the zero-coin library. titan coin uses hybrid pow pos get started, then goes complete the proof stake (pos shad algorithm) with low energy consumption and rewards long-term users and blocks pos hash holders, your weight the mines does not block the percentages. titan coin new generation cryptocurrency that uses the latest blockchain technology that focuses secure and fast transactions. ttn using the shad algorithm the main bitcoin source and are upgrading safer and faster transactions. are happy present interested parties with the opportunity participate titan's potential growth. once users have increased, the demand for titan coin will very high. titan self-sustainable blockchain platform for creating and running new economic applications. our community uses the titan platform payment service, proof data integrity and support structure for projects ranging from cloud computing applications. more and more users bring their talents and passion the platform, titan's potential promote innovation growing exponentially. algorithm titan coin uses hybrid pow pos get started, then goes complete the proof stake (pos shad algorithm) with low energy consumption and rewards long-term users and blocks pos hash holders, your weight the mines does not block the percentages. what sha-? sha- member the sha- cryptographic hash functions designed the nsa. sha stands for secure hash algorithm. cryptographic hash functions are mathematical operations performed numerical data; comparing the calculated hash (the result the algorithm execution) with known and expected hash value, person can determine the integrity the data. one-way hash can generated from any data, but the data cannot generated the hash. sha- (secure hash algorithm, fips cryptographic hash function with digest length bits. keyless hash function; that is, mdc (manipulation detection code). message processed blocks bits, each block requiring rounds. functions and constants the algorithm uses the functions: and the binary words given the first bits the fractional parts the cube roots the first prime numbers: xaf xbcfbcf xebdba xcb xff xfa xabced xdaa xbe xcdc xbed xdebfe xbdca xcbf xebc xefbe xfcdc xcacc xdecf xaaa xcbadc xfda xacd xbc xbffc xcebf xda xca xba xeb xdcdfc xaabb xcce xabfea xaab xcbb xcca xde xfe xaa xac xec xbbcb xccb xedaaa xbccaf xeff xfee xaf xcc xbefffa xaceb xbefaf xcf basic operations boolean operations and, xor and or, denoted and respectively. bitwise complement, denoted integer addition modulo denoted each them operates -bit words. for the last operation, binary words are interpreted integers written base rotr(a, denotes the circular right shift bits the binary word shr(a, denotes the right shift bits the binary word akb denotes the concatenation the binary words and security titan coin, which inherits all the security benefits bitcoin, uses peer-to-peer technology operate without centralized authority. verification transactions and the issuance foreign currency are collectively carried out the network, consent. all records are completely decentralized and non-responsive and cannot edited. revoked suspended any authority. although blockchains are design-safe, it's possible that percent attacks occur when entity controls more than half the network's hash power. but with pow and pos tandem, the titan coin blockchain has high degree security. types titan coin wallets traditional web wallet advance web wallet android wallet ios/mac wallet windows wallet linux wallet cryptocurrency exchanges now, ttn traded with bitcoin and other major cryptocurrencies enmanet and escodex exchange. are also ensuring that our coin will have more liquidity and will listed all major cryptocurrency exchanges such kraken, bitfinex, poloniex, and bittrex among others. most crucially, the coin will easily convertible into multiple currencies which will make adoptability easier. highlights titan coin project titan fantasy sports gaming app unique fantasy sports gaming app developed titan projects that allows its users play fantasy sports games like cricket, football, hockey, boxing, tennis, etc. your knowledge and skill about sport good, then app for you. you can create your own unique team made real players for all live sports games like football, cricket, tennis, etc. you can earn points based the performance your chosen players live matches. titan dating android app android app meet new people. are the safest and secured companion: wherever you this planet, will there. you are here meet new people, expand your social network, meet local people when you travel you live right now, you are the right place. slide, swipe. meeting. chatting. dating. titan app simple and fun: swipe left right click like, swipe skip. someone likes you back, it's match! stress. rejection. just browse, match and chat online with your matches, then get away from the phone, meet the real world and activate something new. additional features app offer beta version with privacy feature for women and voice chat feature that makes interesting app for dating. will launching new updates soon. titan app will give you unique dating experience. titan family security app unique software app that converts your smartphones, tablets and computers into advanced security tracking system with amazing features. additional features real-time tracking video monitoring instant notification/alert remote recording two-way audio find lost phone titan sales team reporting app our employee tracking app helps you track your field, sales employee's gps location and day activities real time. app helps you track attendance your sales employee, their location using gps. you can also track their daily movement, visit details, meeting time and sales order they have got, all real time. additional features app you know where our sales employees are you can assign work the sales employees online easy calculate working hours you can track your geographical reach online ordering helps quick processing legal disclaimer nothing this white paper offer sell, the solicitation offer buy. titan coin publishing this white paper solely receive feedback and comments from the public. nothing this white paper should treated read guarantee promise how titan coin business will develop the utility value the coins. this white paper outlines current plans, which could change its discretion, and the success which will depend many factors outside titan coin control, including market-based factors and factors within the data and cryptocurrency industries, among others. any statements about future events are based solely titan coin analysis the issues described this white paper. that analysis may prove incorrect.