fair rewarding, powered blockchain based, business tokenization platform whitepaper february tokengoplatform.com table contents abstract introduction blockchain applicability demand for blockchain technology the contemporary world real-time data verification increasing transaction rate trust key aspect openness, transparency and accessibility decentralizing management how works: tokengo use cases examples tokengo platform application performing ico procedures voting creating in-house cryptocurrency financial payments owning tokens automatic accounting voting widgets authentication and notary certification issuing certificates consensus algorithm tokengo consensus business tokenization business tokenization the process creating closed system token circulation contemporary capabilities tokens related business tokenization typical problems open token circulation system lack unique offer discrepancy between economic and social processes main conditions for successful ico closeness and natural token circulation providing investment attractiveness proper integration into business processesand real additional value the token use ecosystem tokengo ecosystem main components the tokengo closed ecosystem tokengo web platform tokengo ico website constructor tokengo smart contract constructor tokengo cryptocurrency exchange tokengo voting harvesting harvesting terms and definitions the procedure calculating the total amount rewards distributed among harvesting participants for settling period distribution remuneration among harvesting participants for particular post/ comment additions distribution calculation formulas and descriptions gopower token economy gopower (gpt) gopower token cost growth distributing tokens for and ico ico ico bonus program global bonuses for ico personal referral bonuses for ico accrual gpt tokens ico stage gopower token potential use tokens after the completion the ico procedure gopower token migration monetizing the tokengo platform road map conclusion abstract tokengo blockchain based business tokenization platform offering fair rewards its participants who form local community actual and potential investors and cryptocurrency investment experts. the tokengo platform based blockchain, using proprietary solutions designed and coded from scratch improve the speed and scaling performance the network. owing its architecture, the tokengo technology concept provides for easy integration any mobile web application with blockchain functions through the simple tokengo api. the unique tokengo smart contract constructor minimizes the impact the human factor systematization and regulation ico procedures. tokengo offers consolidated web platform with personal cabinets and comprehensive information connected and forthcoming services and projects, well the current ico procedures. entrepreneurs and start-up founders need comprehensible tools for ico procedures enabling easy integration with crowdfunding blockchain platform. the tokengo ico landing page constructor solves the problem fully. ico initiators can flexibly adjust their websites perform ico's and quickly, just few clicks, integrate them into the tokengo web platform. thus, enable idea originators and project starters considerably reduce the financial thresholds and simplify the introduction startups the market; ensure complete transparency financial operations and allow investors minimize risks. the tokengo community strongly supports the concept economic incentives the main tool for attracting participants and, consequently, allowing them receive fair remuneration, proportional their contribution. the tokengo community's web platform enables participants create media content the form reviews, expert analyses forecasts and hold discussions using comments and votes. the community's essential objectives include creating high-quality content and promoting active social interaction among the participants ensure efficient and professional approach investing. order boost this process, offer incentive scheme based dpos consensus customized modification, which involves fair distribution gocoins among gopower token holders and other categories community participants. introduction the blockchain technology traces its roots back when satoshi nikomoto, programmer and cryptographer, published his article about bitcoin, which few people knew about that time. was the first lay down the concept and the main principles decentralized transaction confirmation system which does not require involving any third parties and therefore protected from any external influence. the innovativeness the solution and the bitcoin open-source code fired the imagination technologists and economists all over the world and provided powerful impetus for further research and discoveries crypto-financial relations. few years later, vitalik buterin, canadian programmer russian origin, realized that the blockchain technology could give much more than its author had initially supposed. decentralized confirmation system versatile that can record information about the overwhelming majority possible events and distribute its blocks. buterin brilliantly developed the idea satoshi had the laid basis for, the idea so-called smart contracts, self-contained and self-performed contracts, distinguished increased security and exclusion conventional risks. this how the famous ethereum, appeared which has become worthy rival bitcoin. nowadays, cryptocurrencies and technologies are still developing, analysis and statistics reveal areas concern and prospects for the growth this new economic realm. what are witnessing now the blockchain industry leads the following conclusions: firstly, blockchain capabilities have not been fully discovered yet. there are some significant problems: the transaction rate leaves much desired, the scaling and third-party solution resource restricted, the smart contract technology requires further development. these challenges are met, the entire cryptography community will taken whole new level development. secondly, due rapid increase the number projects applying for ico, there deficiency major blockchain platforms, which allow conducting ico procedures and business tokenization properly and securely. there are also insufficient full-fledged tools for fast project elaboration and preparation for icos. the optimal solution all the above issues could provided the tokengo blockchain platform which will utilized the basis for developing and releasing unique smart contract constructor whose customization will not take much time each particular case. its practical objective ensure operational transparency and security; well prepare and provide comprehensive set tools for project founders (including tokens, landing pages, bounty campaign structure including personal cabinets for their participants, turnkey solutions for website security, etc.) which, altogether, allows substantially reduce financial expenditure, prepare for regulation and facilitate project introduction the market. thirdly, are aware that the future the crypto-financial community relies forming closed circuit cryptocurrency emission and circulation. the potential for development lies possibility unhindered practical use cryptocurrencies for non-investment purposes. all participants should able convert their savings into not only real cash but also products services within the ecosystem. this enabled extending the tokengo blockchain platform full-fledged ecosystem cooperating with numerous representatives startups, projects and services who strongly support the above-mentioned idea unitifying, self-sustained platform serving its participants and are ready and willing offer their products and services exchange for the platform's highly liquid in-house currency. metkalfe's law, set forth states that the network utility proportional the square the number the network users. when community achieves certain critical mass, its maintenance costs decrease while its utility keeps growing without any limitation. this why focus organizing the tokengo community supporting all significant functions social network, from creating virtual users' profiles and providing for their interaction, down the possibility achieving common goals through cooperation, resource interchange, meeting needs through accumulation resources, etc. are aware that the success crypto-financial ecosystem depends each its members, and are ready support participants providing fair rewards, proportional their contribution the community (regardless its primary form: either money effort) and provide functionality that enables fulfilling any economic social needs related obtaining and utilizing any goods without leaving the ecosystem. are inspired ideas steem, project, which was one the first implement fair rewarding system and declared the principle the whole community working towards the benefit its every member. this has become one the basic principles for our platform too. wholeheartedly share and support the idea in-house production meet our participants' needs. tokengo fully supports the idea economic incentives the main tool attracting participants and thus allowing each them receive timely and fair rewards proportional their contribution. this paper, are going present some additional features and brand-new proprietary mechanisms for encouraging participants produce goods well evaluating and rewarding each tokengo community member's contribution. blockchain applicability demand for blockchain technology the contemporary world the appearance blockchain followed its rapid development part the internet technologies has drawn people's attention throughout the world. analytical reports provide conclusive proof the positive impact the blockchain technology has had essential performance indicators such growth technical and business process efficiency, considerable cost saving and risk mitigation. there also great potential the banking sector where the application decentralized system will significantly facilitate processes related information storage, transfer and updating. course, transition new level will require both time- and analytics-related expenditure, however, will later pay for itself many times over through increase efficiency and reduction expenses which, its turn, will boost interest the technology, its financing and development. let consider corporate operation elements which can influenced the use blockchain the financial and economic sector, well positive results which can achieved this unique advanced technology applied. real-time data verification when developing and operating, every company faces the necessity collecting, processing and storing some information. its timely updating the most important aspect. however, the process itself very time-consuming and, consequently, not very effective, information tends lose its relevance with time. the use blockchain technology solves this problem completely its operating principle implies continuous high-speed decentralized updating and verification the entire database while its inherent security eliminates the need for any additional checks increasing transaction rate mutual settlements between business partners, companies, organizations countries often take lot time due red tape and inspections associated with the provision information adequacy and security financial payments. the use distributed ledger technology eliminates stealing, forgery and other types fraud, thus accelerating the processing such transactions considerably. the moment, there are lots concepts and solutions being tested because the future undoubtedly belongs blockchain technology. trust key aspect trust one the crucial factors for company's successful development. the same time, extremely difficult gain trust within the conventional company model and can take years even decades skillful managers' work. blockchain technology resolves the problem because originally built trust its the key functional principle. openness, transparency and accessibility ensuring data transparency, accessibility and openness objective for any company that wants succeed for many years come. blockchain technology allows any person check and verify transactions. all information copied many times and stored the user-distributed ledger all over the world, which prevents its tamper and theft and provides for the real-time verification its authenticity without engaging any intermediaries. decentralizing management present, not every company ready delegate traditional centralized management blockchain, i.e. enable users administer the company themselves. however, many analysts believe that technology the future and decentralized management based trust and transparency that can help companies through all the stages their development overcoming various problems including financial and economic crises. believe that the combination the elements blockchain technology based eventually creates efficient and advanced system for handling information and financial transactions, which eliminates the need for any intermediaries, regulatory bodies additional efforts for provision security, which significantly simplifies financial circulation and mutual settlement processes. how works: tokengo use cases tokengo open-type platform, which allows using number conventional industrial json restful api when working and connecting it. this protocol compatible with any application that conforms the messaging standard, such the iso fpml markup language. tokengo considers them processes with certain outlets for recording any information, transactions and updates into the distributed database. this integration allows interacting successfully with even obsolete applications and solutions. each node the tokengo blockchain network contains api gateway which enables fast and easy connection any applications. this greatly simplifies the development mobile and web applications any programming language. examples tokengo platform application: performing ico procedures originators ico companies can create their own tokens, allowing investors considerably reduce the time achieving liquidity and profitability, contrast the capabilities present-day shares. the unique tokengo smart contract constructor minimizes the impact human factor the systematization and regulation the ico process; and organized that its adjustment and launch not take much time and not require engaging team professionals, while operational security and complete transparency are maintained unfailingly. the use the tokengo smart contract constructor significantly reduces the threshold for any company's entry into market. voting tokengo ensures voting security. votes cannot modified. confidentiality maintained using encryption. votes are counted instantaneously. solutions for electronic voting and registration resolutions are among promising areas for the application blockchain technology. distributed database stores the entire history entries and their updates ensure the complete transparency the process and enables their verification checking them any time. information contained blockchain cannot forged because all changes voting procedure its results are also recorded into the distributed database, and copies those records are received, acknowledged and stored other community members. creating in-house cryptocurrency there are lot reasons why project founders need create their own cryptocurrencies such wish provide financing for their startups using advanced non-conventional financing method instead searching for investment traditional ways, which have now become complicated and costly; servers which have monetized; need for real gaming currency. however, doing this they face some difficulties from exploring all the operating principles existing cryptocurrencies writing their own code. the tokengo platform enables you create your own cryptocurrency without any sophisticated programming. you will able set all the necessary parameters for coin emission and specify whether commission fee charged for transactions. financial payments companies with financial services can utilize the tokengo platform for instant payments and transfers worldwide. transfers through blockchain platform have some undeniable advantages: information about all operations (including ordinary transfers, transactions purchases) recorded the database and the records are multiplied and stored participants' computers all over the world, which makes unilateral actions impossible. this payment method especially suitable when there risk uncompleted transaction non-receipt money when using conventional payment systems. besides, any financial operations through blockchain allow maintaining complete anonymity and avoiding the disclosure the parties' personal data. owning tokens the use the tokengo platform for the registration token ownership will enable companies identify all present and former token holders, well the entire history token transfer (selling) from one holder another when required. may necessary, for example, when identifying investors who are receive some dividends privileges announced when launching the ico. automatic accounting multiplying and saving information blocks users' computers all over the world the basis for the integrity and protection information recorded using blockchain. all transactions and documents the tokengo blockchain are constantly saved and remain unchanged ensuring complete transparency any financial transactions, contracts other entries. this facilitates real-time automation accounting work. voting widgets any platform participant and gopower token holder will able install special voting widget their websites attract visitors and earn extra income. voting can arranged for any content including news, comments, articles, product service descriptions, etc. this widget operates using the api interface and available generated code the tokengo platform participant's personal cabinet. all internet resource authors who have tokengo platform widget their websites will automatically receive flow interested visitors from the platform our participants receive reward for any vote comment. this widget operates blockchain, participants have their work properly and quickly order receive remuneration. there so-called self-moderation content. participant does not benefit from writing content (comments) which does not meet the resource originator's requirements. authentication and notary certification present, only blockchain technology provides absolute guarantee authenticity information, such copyright protection any other financial and legal information, without engaging third parties such notaries other institutions. the fact that fraudulent alterations can made unilaterally makes this technology perfect choice for notary services, document management, registration activities, cadastral registration etc. the tokengo platform offers solution numerous issues associated with digital identification and allows incontestable, invariable and secure authentication. issuing certificates how can you demonstrate that the services you offer are reliable and secure? the tokengo platform can used create professional certificates for accountants, healthcare providers, brokers, insurance agents, etc. these certificates, stored the distributed database, cannot received any other way, except officially, which builds trust your company and its staff and protects service users from fraud, deceit and low-quality services. consensus algorithm consensus algorithm necessary enable community any scale arrive concerted definite opinion some issue. consider modern society, can find numerous examples consensus algorithms used, for example, determine ownership. another example consensus algorithm, established nation order abide the rules specified the constitution, the government which, among other things, organizes panels jurors and judges evaluate evidence and deliver judgments. those judgments are most often fulfilled even though they may not correct. contemporary algorithms for reaching consensus are more advanced and the same time more sophisticated. network with unlimited number users can arrive unambiguous decisions regarding different matters, issues problems avoiding some common risks such creation competing opinion (and, consequently, competing blockchain), closing the whole network censorship its particular members' opinions. two protocols most often utilized those algorithms and ensure operational reliability and robustness against censorship are pow (proof work) and pos (proof stake). known problems bitcoin blockchains relying pow, where the network security guaranteed the computation capacity the participants' devices and the probability generating another block particular miners directly proportional their computation capacity, include great power consumption and relatively slow rate transaction confirmation which slows down the whole network operation due continuously increasing volumes. this has become another reason for seeking more efficient and advanced algorithm which would boost decentralization and the same time provide reliable and fast network real-time confirmed transactions. daniel larimer, blockchain engineer, realized that the bitcoin blockchain system was too slow while cryptocurrency mining the system was extremely wasteful terms power costs. stated that bitcoin mining was going become centralized future and huge mining pools were going control bitcoin. daniel decided build blockchain system his own which could increase the transaction confirmation rate figures exceeding confirmations per second. invented and developed new algorithm which consumes less energy, fast and fully secure and named delegated proof stake (dpos). have estimated that the use dpos bitcoin would allow boosting decentralization less than the current cost. would result not only decrease inflation and more rapid increase bitcoin price, but also reduction time expenditure reliable transaction confirmations from hour confirmations, minutes each) down seconds. the same time, when analyzing other blockchain projects, also detected number shortcomings competing protocol, so-called pos, where the more tokens miners own, the more likely they are generate new blocks for the common chain. for example, blackcoin and peercoin enable everyone interested become verifiers and earn income virtue owning crypto-assets. here example how can take place similar projects under pos: you have, say, one percent the total amount coins produced the community your wallet, you can entitled verify one percent all generated blocks and receive remuneration for this only because you hold this cryptocurrency your wallet. however, firstly, results unreasonably high payment for transactions and, secondly, does not allow participants who own less than one percent the tokens earn any income the cost the transaction payment their systems not higher than that system powered the dpos algorithm. let also analyze the scalability blockchain systems powered pos compare their capabilities with dpos. assume that one hundred more dpos delegates cause excessive centralization and try increase the number verifiers pos system, for example, one thousand, their transactional payments will exceed those dpos systems tenfold! and blockchain powered the pos algorithm grows the size bitcoin (with the capitalization billion dollars), becomes evident that participants whose assets exceed million dollars will unfairly earn most income. the ownership threshold required for participation verifier, reduced, for example, dollars, the income the latter will ten thousand times higher than systems utilizing the dpos algorithm. the consensus algorithm based the dpos protocol combines both pow and pos elements. however, its main distinction real-time voting mechanism, which relies the participant's reputation level "voting power". this mechanism allows electing number persons having special powers delegates. each participant can party the election process voting for delegates becoming candidate. after election, delegates are empowered create and verify blocks included the blockchain. besides, they have prevent intrusion unauthorized persons into the process. authorized persons are admitted work turns random order which changed every new round. wrongful behavior has been detected, the delegate publicly debunked and dismissed from the process. consider dpos the most efficient minting method. provides better decentralization while the delegated proof stake ensures even more reliable mechanism for confirming transactions networks implementing this technology. therefore, have selected dpos the basis for our developments. tokengo consensus tokengo consensus utilizes adapted and modified dpop (delegated proof power) algorithm, which based the dpos/pow hybrid algorithm. its specific features include the use special token, gopower, which the basis for determining minting-priority and voting power when electing delegates. when blocks are generated, the dpop consensus suggests that the dependence equipment power capacity and the stake gopower token ownership should used simultaneously. the consensus mechanism which underlies most solutions powered the distributed database technology, the tokengo blockchain platform consists independent nodes integrated into common network. transactions taking place through the blockchain can seen each the nodes which record and immediately check received information, excluding lost, incomplete duplicated chains. some point, the recorded data are grouped and hashed and communication with the previous block established. after that, new block added the blockchain. each new block introduced into the blockchain distributed ledger controlled the dpop algorithm. the tokengo blockchain network, blocks are produced rounds, while the process their creation called "minting". miners/delegates engaged building blocks will referred delegates this paper. delegates are responsible for two independent processes which are, however, logically interrelated: creation transaction block and verification the received block into the man chain using electronic signature. each round implies participation delegates elected via the voting system embedded into the tokengo platform, the so-called top delegates. order ensure motivational competition, the priority selection and the probability joining the top are directly dependent the applicants' and electors' voting power. order become applicant and apply for participation the voting, one has undergo procedure delegate registering. any participant owning more gopower can become delegate. the tokengo community can arrive coordinated decision increase the total number delegates elected for round means creating reserve delegates order boost speed and decentralization. each round, two delegates, acting miners, are elected secondarily among delegates elected for the top. the first one elected under the dpop protocol algorithm while the second one elected randomly. the miners' purpose produce blocks and organize current transactions, while specially elected delegate this round signs and introduces them into the common blockchain network. when one classic pow protocols chosen, creation and verification blocks into the common network takes unpredictable amount time. tokengo where, previously mentioned, dpop consensus algorithm used, each round lasts exactly seconds, and the integrity and reliability received blocks guaranteed with tiny probability fork production. thus, can define three fundamental facts favor the dpop consensus algorithm: first: incredibly high transaction rate the network, which achieved due the delegates' capability include suitable transactions the structure block transferred for input, without waiting for the check half all network nodes. second: democracy. any community user who has least gopower, has voting power and can take part the management proportionally the number tokens she has. third: high degree manageability. there are mechanisms, which allow achieving consensus all issues related the network development and future. business tokenization business tokenization the process creating closed system token circulation with technology development, the internet enables creating boundless communities, the fact that has changed many companies' business vision. lot companies that gather and support communities are now the top, their capitalization, income, and influence. the other hand, companies that have been focusing mainly territory are gradually losing their power. the emergence cryptocurrencies has been followed the formation the ico concept which now has lot names, though its essence remains the same. contributes the development the cryptocommunity and provides opportunity for boundless investment. means that any company can, avoiding any banks, tying cards, communication with third parties other compulsory elements the conventional crowdfunding system, receive investments through the community, any token its nature backed the community. without the community, the cost token digital asset equal zero. token integrated into community, per its members' expectations, will demand with the actual implementation the project and will actively utilized according the capabilities specified when ico launched, thus completing its entire circulation cycle. the closeness the process the key element successful business tokenization. appropriate ico procedures provide some very important components for successful start any business its particular line because results community participants supporting project put together through marketing and advertising, formed financial interaction system based token economics, elaborate incentive system and manifoldly verified mechanics business processes. contemporary capabilities tokens related business tokenization firstly, powerful financial tool. secondly, tool designed control participants' and investors' behavior. different purposes and applications tokens, well established reward system specified the project whitepaper are able encourage most community participants take certain actions and drive them achieving the common goal. thirdly, analysis and practice have shown, not only business models but also separate business processes can subject tokenization which allows introducing additional financial component into them. typical problems open token circulation system the cost token, well that any other asset, determined deal only. token not traded the exchange and cannot used transactions with certain liquidity, cannot speak its cost. any efficiently operating system has closed, i.e. there should people motivated buy and sell the asset. when the balance disrupted, the cost the token plunges. lack unique offer project has not set incentive and reward system for token holders and the token offered can only sold without loss, means that the token does not have any uniqueness value. holders such tokens will get rid them the earliest possible opportunity and use them for speculative purposes only. discrepancy between economic and social processes the token economy does not meet the reality demands associated with the project. this most often the case projects which are not suitable for tokenization all. main conditions for successful ico closeness and natural token circulation participants should able and willing exchange tokens. without circulation, which must for any efficient financial model, success cannot attained. providing investment attractiveness the attraction investing token and subsequent possibilities its use that give confidence further increase the token cost, for example, due the community development, growth the financial circulation, market reach, etc. token closeness any process characteristic the project scale will cause gradual increase its rate and boost investors' trust. proper integration into business processes and real additional value the token use tokens which not provide any additional value for their holders will never become popular. ecosystem tokengo ecosystem the tokengo ecosystem ensures the complete closeness economic and social processes and meets all the aforementioned present-day requirements order succeed and enable its participants earn income. gopower token owners are default allowed participate producing the project's in-house payment cryptocurrency gocoins through the process referred minting. gocoin (goc) single payment instrument the tokengo platform, cryptocoin which generated daily result minting based the proprietary, modified dpop consensus algorithm. gocoin distributed among the platform participants special algorithm and provides financial backing for ico procedures the tokengo blockchain. goc coins produced minting are distributed follows: are distributed reward for delegates/miners. the remaining amount taken and distributed among gopower token holders and activity and harvesting participants follows: during the first month the platform operation, goc are distributed among all gopower token holders reward. starting from the second month the platform operation, goc are distributed among all gopower token holders and goc are distributed among participants based harvesting and activity results. starting from the second year the platform operation, the amount goc distributed among all gopower token holders will reduced annually while the amount distributed based harvesting and activity results, will, its turn, increase this will until the ratio gopower token holders and activity and harvesting participants achieved. this mechanism preconditioned the monthly increase the number participants involved activity and harvesting processes, which will naturally require increase the total remuneration amount distributed. the same time, the estimated inevitable growth the gopower rate will maintain the attractiveness rewards goc received from minting and distributed among gopower holders. thus, natural regulation the goc distribution will attained, without the need for any additional emissions. goc received reward gopower holders, delegates, authors and curators, can used follows: pay for any products services provided the tokengo platform projects connected it, including any online stores, service bureaus and other services; put for sale the in-house cryptocurrency exchange; instantaneously exchanged using special trading robot; invested icos projects connected the platform purchase their tokens for earning extra income the future. originators projects and business models interested holding ico procedures will purchase goc the only means settlement with tokengo when implementing campaigns for those projects. this can either basic connection the tokengo blockchain involving emission their own tokens, payment for additional products and services offered the platform, such web design services, creation customized landing pages, development ddos protection data security solutions, etc. third-party investors who not have their own gocoins purchase tokens the projects holding icos can also purchase the coins through the tokengo cryptocurrency exchange. gocoins received the course icos can also disposed any means available: paying the tokengo platform for any current works services, paying for any products services other projects connected the tokengo platform such online stores, service bureaus and other services; putting them for sale the in-house cryptocurrency exchange. exchanging them instantaneously using special trading robot. goc can purchased using some popular cryptocurrencies fiat money. order enable instantaneous exchange, the tokengo platform utilizes proprietary crypto-exchange robot which exchanges necessary currencies the real-time mode and pays remuneration sellers the necessary currency. thus, closed cycle formed, which continuously maintains the attractiveness the in-house coin (goc) and the gopower token. main components the tokengo closed ecosystem tokengo web platform tokengo unified platform with personal cabinets and systematized information about services and projects which have already been are connected, well about current ico procedures and crowdsale those projects monitoring platform). each platform participant can look through all statistics his her activities the platform: how many and what kind tokens have been bought, availability and amounts cryptocurrencies wallets and information transactions completed. participants can also read news about forthcoming icos, act miners, take part bounty campaigns, earn some in-house tokens, improve their "karma", use gocoins purchase products services offered the platform, connect their own services, purchase engine emit their own tokens and cryptocurrencies, etc. tokengo ico website constructor entrepreneurs and startup and project initiators obviously need comprehensible and easy-to-launch websites hold ico procedures, enabling easy integration with the crowdfunding blockchain platform. the tokengo ico landing page constructor solves this problem the full extent. ico originators are able flexibly customize their websites hold icos and promptly, few clicks, integrate them into the tokengo web platform. tokengo smart contract constructor why are existing blockchain based smart contracts unable solve the issue automation? they lack full integration with the outside world. the unique tokengo smart contract constructor simplifies interaction with the ecosystem and minimizes the impact the human factor the ico systematization and regulation. tokengo cryptocurrency exchange the cryptocurrency exchange essential component the tokengo ecosystem. its flexible architecture allows integrating unlimited number currency pairs. advanced trading page, simplified balance checking, intuitive simplicity the interface and synchronizing with personal cabinets the tokengo web platform facilitate and accelerate income generation considerably. tokengo voting harvesting tokengo blockchain based platform providing fair rewards its participants. appreciate each vote and therefore offer customized modification the dpos consensus including fair distribution all produced gocoins among gopower token holders, authors and curators who take active part creating media content, voting, writing comments and reviews. harvesting crucial element the ecosystem and plays great part the tokengo community formation. the economic and social incentives embedded the gopower token are able motivate the overwhelming majority participants perform certain actions aimed achieving the shared goal and receiving timely and fair reward proportional the contribution made. active social networking, along with forming and selecting high quality content, among the goals the community development. any participant can develop the community means creating and posting media content, reviews, expert judgments, translations, etc. well participating discussions, comments and voting different issues. the tokengo incentive system relies customized modification the dpos consensus which involves fair distribution all emitted gocoins among gopower token holders and active participants contributing the community development. harvesting terms and definitions post article, news, review description published author the tokengo platform. post may may not contain link some media content third party resource: video, audio, photo, etc.. comment participant's opinion about any published posts comments those posts the tokengo platform expressed writing. authors participants the tokengo platform who publish posts and comments. any platform participant can try his her hand author. curators the tokengo platform participants who vote "for" "against" the content any posts comments. active curators and authors authors and curators whose tokengo voting power value positive and who have had some activity over the past settlement period. activity publication posts, comments and votes under posts and comments published for all the time. tokengo voting power the indicator the amount gopower and gocoins participant has. voting the process casting one's vote "for" "against" post and/or comment put forward for public discussion. voting power directly dependent gopower and gocoins held the participant. the higher the power value, the more tokengo voting power this participant has. the power gopower times higher than that gocoin. settling period hours after the end the previous settlement perio. tokengo harvesting the process earning money and obtaining rewards active authors and curators for their contribution and participation the platform operation certain algorithm and for particular settling period. karma parameter indicating the number the author's successful posts taking into account "likes" (votes "for") and "dislikes" (votes "against") for published posts and comments. the procedure calculating the total amount rewards distributed among harvesting participants for settling period: during hours, gocoins are produced means the minting procedure. them are distributed among deputies/miners reward, based the dpop algorithm. take the remaining them are distributed among gopower holders reward. thus, remains for harvesting and activity. the amount received for harvesting and activity taken the amount distributed proportionally among all active authors and curators who published least one comment, post vote during the settlement period, reward for their activity. the remaining part, the amount, distributed among harvesting participants. the part remaining after paying remunerations for activity taken this the total amount allocated for the settlement period which distributed among harvesting participants reward. distribution remuneration among harvesting participants for particular post/ comment are distributed the author the post. are distributed the authors comments particular posts. they are distributed depending the number votes won each comment, i.e. the more votes certain comment has, the bigger share the amount allocated reward for this comment earned its author. are distributed for the votes posts depending the voting time and the voters' current voting power. other words, people who have cast their votes and have higher power value receive bigger amount than those having lower power. curators whose power value for the settlement period equal zero not take part the distribution remuneration. the amount also depends the time the voting and the sequence. for example, the first voters who voted minutes after the publication earn more than those who voted once were not among the first ones. the same time, there another rule: each vote cast reduces the power, i.e. the more curator votes over the settlement period, the weaker his her vote becomes and the less gocoins she will receive result distribution. this ensures self-regulation the number votes use vote more. each new voting automatically and proportionally reduces the curator's "power" and, consequently, his her share the reward. when the next settlement period starts, the "voting power" restored. additions distribution the amount which participants can see for particular post comment directly dependent the "power" the person who has voted for it. thus, the more votes from people having higher power post/comment has won, the bigger share the total distributed amount due the author. author has won votes from newcomers who not have any positive "power" value all, remuneration accrued. the other hand, there may only one voter "whale" with very high "power" value then, the weight the vote will huge and will payout the author. voting for post that has just been published not profitable only the curator's remuneration will accrued reward. voting minutes later provides the curator's reward while the remainder accrued the author. when voting started minutes more, remuneration accrued full. this rule does not apply comments. votes "for" and "against" have equal force, difference made between "likes" and "dislikes" when voting, and the curator receives the same amount. "dislikes" influence payouts the authors posts: the higher the "power" the participants voting "against" article, the less the author will get. the amount deducted from the author the post then distributed among the authors posts having higher rating. calculation formulas and descriptions the amount gocoins which distributedas reward between miners: where the total amount gocoins produced mining for the -hour settlement period. the amount gocoins distributed reward among the authors posts and comments and curators (during the first months, will and then will increased with possibility further increase later): the amount gocoins which distributed reward for activity among all active authors and curators: the amount gocoins received particular active author curator: where the total number active authors and curators for the -hour settlement period. the amount gocoins for the settlement period which intended distributed for harvesting: the percentage the total distributed amount gocoins intended provided reward for particular post: where the total value the "power" all people who voted during the -hour settlement period; ("voting power") particular curator's "power" value; the number particular curator's votes during the -hour settlement period, for posts and comments separately. other words, when calculating the "power" participant who has voted for post, only his her votes for posts are taken into account, and when estimating that for comment, only votes for comments are considered separately: the curator's sequence number; the sequence number the post. "dislikes" and votes "against" reduce the amount due the author the post. the amount, which the payout the author reduced, redistributed reward for other posts. "likes" and "dislikes" are equated votes for posts. the post rating: where likes power the total value the "power" those who have voted "for" particular post; dislikes power the total value the "power" those who have voted "against" particular post; the sequence number the post. before calculated, posts are ranged the order increasing value: the total amount gocoins which authors and curators particular post will receive: the amount gocoins which distributed among comments: the amount gocoins which distributed among curators the post: the amount gocoins which the author the post will receive: where the amount gocoins redistributed authors posts with higher rating from posts with lower rating; the amount gocoins which the author the post will receive reward for votes the curators who voted within minutes after the publication the post. the amount gocoins the author the post will earn decreases depending the number "dislikes" received the post. "decrease" reward for the author the post taking into account the voting results: k_total the total amount gocoins the author the post will earn: after each calculation, the value increases the difference between and k_total and decreases the amount the remuneration paid the author the post hi): when remuneration for the latest (best) post calculated, the number "likes" and "dislikes" not taken into account, i.e. the payout the author not reduced. the percentage the total amount gocoins distributed among comments the post, i.e. the amount gocoins distributed among comments intended for particular comment the post: where the total value the "power" the curators who have commented the post; the sequence number the comment. the percentage the total amount gocoins distributed among all people who have voted for the post, intended for particular curator: where the sequence number the vote; ("voting power") the amount "power" all people who have voted; particular curator's "power" ("c") calculated advance and divided the number the curator's votes for posts (posts only) for the settlement period. all votes are ranged the reverse order (i.e. the last voter becomes the first one). the percentage reduction the remuneration for vote depending its position the voting: where the sequence number the vote the reverse line; the total number votes for the post. sum_g remuneration accrued for particular vote: recalculated after the calculation particular vote follows: sum_g and sum_g calculated based the new value the voting time immediate after the post creation within minutes: the remainder summed into and accrued the author the post. the voting time minutes: the remainder summed into and accrued the author the post. sum_m the amount accrued for particular comment: the sum_m amount allocated the author the comment, and distributed among curators who voted "for" "against" the comment. "dislikes" reduce the amount received the author the comment. the amount, which the payout the author reduced, redistributed payouts for other comments. "likes" and "dislikes" are equated votes for comments. the comment rating: where likes_powerm the total value the "power" those who have voted "for" particular comment; dislikes_powerm the total value the "power" those who have voted "against" the comment; the sequence number the comment. before calculated, comments are ranged the order increasing value. the amount gocoins the author particular comment will earn: where the amount redistributed authors comments, from comments with lower rating. the remuneration due the author the post reduced depending the number "dislikes". decreasem the percentage payout the author the comment taking into account the voting results: k_totalm the total amount gocoins the author the comment will receive reward: after each calculation, increased minus k_totalm, and decreased the amount paid the author the comment (bm* mi): when calculation made for the latest (best) comment, "likes" and "dislikes" are not taken into account, i.e. the payout due the author not reduced. the percentage the total amount gocoins distributed among those who have voted for the comment, accrued particular curator. particular curator's "voting power" calculated advance and divided the number the curator's votes for comments (comments only) for the settlement period: where the sequence number particular vote; ("voting power") the total amount "power" all curators who have voted. all votes are ranged the reverse order (i.e. the last voter becomes the first one). the percentage reduction the remuneration for vote depending its position the voting: where the total number votes for the comment; the sequence number the comment the reverse line. sum_gm the amount gocoins accrued for particular vote: recalculated after calculation particular vote the following formula: and then, sum_gm calculated based the new value. gopower token economy has been rightfully mentioned above, apart from paying remunerations for harvesting and activity, the total amount received from minting distributed among the gopower token holders. let consider its definition, characteristics and economic potential tokengo more detail. gopower (gpt) gopower token emitted the ethereum blockchain. gpt the fundamental highly liquid unit the platform and used for the tokengo ico. the total amount tokens produced limited million gpt. additional emissions are provided for. gopower token cost growth starting from the first day the ico procedure, the cost gopower tokens will increase day. the final cost gpt will fixed the last day the ico. distributing tokens for ico the general scheme distributing the whole amount emitted gpt follows: total amount emitted gpt amount put for free sales gpt reserve for mutual settlements with strategic partners and early investors gpt reserve for the development team gpt reserve for distribution during the bounty campaign gpt all unused tokens will destroyed. pre-sale, ico investors strategic and early investors team bounties ico dates: february may soft sap: eth. hard sap: eth. finished on: either reaching hard cap upon reaching the end the ico. ico bonus program minimum number gopower tokens purchased gpt. all the bonuses are cumulative. global bonuses for ico the week ico the week ico the week ico the week ico personal referral bonuses for ico when purchasing: purchase gpt purchase gpt purchase gpt purchase gpt the invitee and the inviter. the invitee and the inviter. the invitee and the inviter. the invitee and the inviter. accrual gpt tokens ico stage when amount gopower tokens purchased, their ownership registered the electronic (software) form after acknowledgements using blockchain technology without need for any verification procedures providing any identification documents. all purchased tokens become available the participant's personal cabinet and can withdrawn the participant's own wallet any time. this does not apply tokens accrued participants during the bounty campaign. those gpt can withdrawn only after the tokengo ico procedure completed. gopower token potential the tokengo consensus utilizes the customized modified dpop (delegated proof power) algorithm which based dpos/pow hybrid algorithm. its specific features include the use special gopower token, which the basis for determining the gocoin minting priority. the more gopower delegate/ miner owns, the more gocoins she can receive during distribution. all produced gocoins will distributed among gopower token holders. therefore, the main driver the token cost growth the possibility participating gocoin production. gopower has paramount importance when distributing gocoins (goc) tokengo's in-house cryptocurrency. thus, under otherwise equal conditions, the more gpt participant tokengo has the account when remunerations are accrued, the more coins she will receive the account result distributing the total amount goc produced minting. gopower provides voting power which times higher than that gocoin for earning income from voting. the voting power directly dependent whether participant has gopower and gocoin. thus, the higher the power value, the higher the tokengo voting power this particular participant has when voting. use tokens after the completion the ico procedure after the ico procedure completion, the tokengo cryptocurrency exchange will launched where gopower tokens will freely sold. gopower tokens will also available other cryptocurrency exchanges acting tokengo's partners. gopower token migration after the tokengo blockchain platform launched, anyone interested will able take part the procedure token migration from the ethereum platform the tokengo blockchain platform the rate where holder renewed gpt will have all the specified additional options. monetizing the tokengo platform the principle the tokengo platform monetization simple and clear. the basic platform services will always free charge for unlimited number people including individuals and legal entities. chargeable services will provided one-time basis subscription. the tokengo platform will charge commission fee the amount ico campaigns raising funds goc. the commission fee will transferred the tokengo account after the campaign successfully completed. the money will invested the platform maintenance and development. the platform will charge fee for additional services provided the platform such web-design, creation customized landing pages, development ddos protection and data security solutions, etc. most cases, this will cryptocurrency outsourcing mutually beneficial basis. road map quarter birth tokengo idea quarter team building development the project concept organization group work and prototype development white paper november december starting campaign bounty start pre-sale january february start ico march june end ico tokengo light version exchange start tokens gopower can sold bought the tokengo exchange and other available exchanges iii quarter release the alpha-version the tokengo platform alpha testing quarter release the beta version the tokengo platform beta testing quarter official launch the blockchain network, the web platform and the tokengo harvesting quarter api integration, co-development iii quarter attraction participators and formation tokengo community marketing campaign quarter the full operation the tokengo ecosystem development community enlargement and business expansion conception conclusion develop tokengo not only order create new unique product based proprietary mechanisms developed from scratch but also reconsider and analyze all that has been done before. take the most interesting and promising ideas and revise them provide brand-new and highly sought after features! tokengo blockchain based business tokenization platform will facilitate introducing startups the market means creating in-house tokens which allow investors reduce the time achieving liquidity and profitability contrast currently existing shares. the token acquires price immediately after sold, and the price formed freely the international market. quickly achieveming liquidity and profitability allows reinvesting new tokens which will only boost their growth. the unique smart contract constructor, which can customized the user without much time knowledge required, minimizes the impact human factor when holding ico procedures. the economic incentives embedded into the gopower token economy encourage participants take actions aimed developing the community and achieving the shared goal. the timely and fair reward for participants which proportional their own contribution, embedded, for example, into the harvesting procedure, will make participants take proactive attitude providing high rate the community's development general and generating high-quality media content, particular. the secure blockchain based voting system will demonstrate the complete transparency processes and the possibility their verification any time. owning highly-liquid tokens will enable participation the daily distribution gocoins produced minting and increase the participant's voting power. instantaneous financial payments and transfers, voting widgets, authentication, notarization and certification well many other proprietary and connected options and services are available for all the tokengo platform participants. tokenizing business. earning together!