white paper version november thetoken.io page unique ecosystem for crypto investors, funds and traders. with the development blockchain technology and the rapid growth the crypto-currency market, new opportunities appear consistently the field investment. the traditional economy changes its form, new values arise the digital "world" and significant role these processes played decentralised technologies, which cryptocurrencies and digital tokens play critical role. increasingly, they are described "crypto digital assets". professionals the crypto market (portfolio managers and traders) are also often not sufficiently open potential investors, they are afraid the influence regulators and not have set technical (software) solutions for the most efficient management funds and interaction with their customers. that's why developed the tokenbox platform concept trust management ecosystem that unites investors the one hand, and crypto-currency funds the person professional managers and traders the other. page table contents introduction .................................................................................................................................................. market analysis ............................................................................................................................................ tokenbox overview...................................................................................................................................... team and background ............................................................................................................................... technical and legal description the platform .................................................................................... the system's main modules................................................................................................................................. development platform.......................................................................................................................................... infrastructure ............................................................................................................................................................ legal structure ........................................................................................................................................................ the platform's tokens and economic model ........................................................................................... the purpose tokenization ............................................................................................................................... the functionality and properties tbx tokens........................................................................................... the economic model using tbx tokens ..................................................................................................... the platform's token issue process (token generation event) ................................................................. distribution funds collected during the tge........................................................................................... tokenbox operations ........................................................................................................................................... road map .................................................................................................................................................... comparison tokenbox with competing platforms ............................................................................. limitation liability ............................................................................................................................... page introduction satoshi nakomoto created payment system bitcoin, based the revolutionary technology blockchain, which provided the potential completely rebuild the infrastructure financial services worldwide. blockchain journal ("ledger") with records all the transactions, stored set computers, united peer-to-peer network (pp). all communications within the network use cryptography reliably identify the sender and the recipient well protect the data. the key advantage blockchain technology its resistance falsification records, because the data stored decentralised manner, potential attacker would need huge hardware resources order perpetrate successful attack. the potential applications blockchain technology are diverse: financial services, trade, logistics, certification rights, elements public administration. one the most promising options for blockchain technology the possibility creating new crypto assets. the ethereum platform, which operates decentralised virtual machine was key technological breakthrough this direction. the ethereum platform allows you create and use smart contracts, well release your own tokens (crypto assets). smart contract program deployed detachment that stores and, the basis certain events, ensures the transfer valuables within that blockchain. these contract packages can issued tokens, which can created with the help special software code, giving them the properties you and other users require. own tokens (crypto assets) can offered publicly and can attractive investment opportunity, while performing many functions: settlement, the ownership shares, voting rights, etc. the same time, should noted that blockchain technology necessitates wide range skills from users: the field general computer literacy, information security, basic understanding investment principles. created out the crypto market infrastructure, diverse (exchanges, services for storing crypto assets, media, consultants, etc.), and also fragmented. the knowledge professional cryptology specialists critical order create and develop the infrastructure that potential investors and users can trust. believe that today, instrument that can ensure the effective management private and institutional investors' assets the market and can enable this wider market enter this market, necessity. tokenbox provides this solution. http://www.weforum.org/docs/wef_the_future_of_financial_infrastructure.pdf (..). page market analysis market analysis present, more and more investors and corporations are recognising the true potential blockchain technology, and the crypto-active market growing fast comparison with classical capital markets. the first six months crypto trade specialised exchanges increased more than -fold, and june attained level billion, while the total market capitalisation all cryptoactive assets during this period increased from billion billion (see figure representing growth whilst for the same period, the index grew only (see figure fig. dynamics cryptocurrency market growth during fig. dynamics the s&p the cryptocurrency market (cryptocurrency) and tokens. https://coinmarketcap.com/charts/ (..). https://www.bloomberg.com/quote/spx:ind (..). page market analysis very important characteristic the cryptocurrency market the number its users and the development the corresponding infrastructure. according the payspace magazine portal, the number worldwide users who have bitcoin wallets has reached million. there are nevertheless more modest estimates, and independent study coinbase and ark invest research early suggested that more than million people worldwide are bitcoin owners. despite this assertion, during june the customer base coinbase increased more than important data from the report prepared the cambridge centre for alternative finance (ccaf) the second quarter suggests that the number people actively using cryptocurrencies has grown significantly and approaching the size the population small country: the number active crypto-currency wallets increased from approximately million .-. million "(twenty-six operators crypto-currency wallets, including airbitz, armory, bitgo, blockchain, coinbase, greenaddress, ledger, jaxx myclium, samourai and xapo) least people work permanent basis the crypto-currency industry and likely there are significantly more than people, allowing for the fact that the employees large mining pools and other companies not provide data their employees. wallet providers are based north america and europe, but these regions account for only users europe and north america). users live the asia-pacific region and another latin america. thus, already possible emphasise the development the cryptocurrency market global scale. mid-, worldwide, there were already over stock exchanges which trade cryptocurrencies the rapid growth this market attracts not only private investors, but increasing number professional participants. exchange platforms, brokerage and investment companies and funds seek offer investors access this market. demand for the services professional asset managers the cryptocurrency marketplace also offers positive indicators. one good source information confirming this fact the google trends service. below analysis queries about relevant topics users around the world: fig. "crypto fund" search query dynamic. https://www.jbs.cam.ac.uk/fileadmin/user_upload/research/centres/alternative-finance/ downloads/-global-cryptocurrency-benchmarking-study.pdf https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bitcoin/#markets page market analysis fig. "cryptocurrency fund" search query dynamic. there are various types funds that already invest crypto assets (hedge funds, classic etfs, closed-end funds, venture capital funds). independent and still small segment the market are tokenized funds. the key phenomena here that investors acquire share calculated reference the assets the fund, implemented through tokenized smart contracts. among the first tokenized crypto-currency funds, which have been built according the blockchain technology and smart contracts, the token fund (currently operating), satoshi fund (has recently announced that will close and has stopped accepting further investment), taas (closedend fund). believe that tokenized funds that implement the principles decentralisation and openness their activities and will become the leaders growing market for professional investment management services. what are the advantages tokenized funds? consider the answer this question, listing the main potential features tokenized funds: characteristics description class assets that the fund can invest any tokenized assets (cryptocurrencies, token-shares, tokensbonds, tokenized rights raw materials, precious metals, real estate, objects intellectual property) etc. period operation funds stipulated terms the fund, can evergreen with limited investment period and term types funds (investor access) open, closed, corporate, private http://thetoken.io/ (..). https://satoshi.fund/ (..). http://taas.fund/ (..). page market analysis types funds (investor category) any category investor, regardless the amount investment (the restriction the capacity the crypto-active market itself). the funds can potentially work both with qualified investors and with small private investors (retail). types funds (management strategies) any management strategy (index funds, active management, algorithmic trading, arbitrage strategies) receipt and return investors' funds fiat currencies, cryptocurrencies, tokens the certification the rights shares investors the fund the form fund tokens. the value token equal the total value assets the fund's portfolio divided the total number tokens. the fund's tokens, being crypto-assets, can traded organised markets. the security storing the fund's tokens and the authenticity the transaction history for investors ensured the technology blocking. automation the process for mutual settlements receipt investors' funds, issue tokens (shares) and reverse process payment funds are fully automated: payment processing connected with the fund's smart contract. the fund commission also automated with the help smart contract. automation assets accounting the fund's portfolio the value assets that are stored fund accounts, exchange (trade) accounts, including funds reserved for execution orders, calculated automatically. the balances are read addresses (wallets) the blockchain, the actual market prices from the exchanges are automatically read. automation reporting for customers calculation the actual profitability each individual client, taking into account the history all its transactions with the fund. automatic generation reporting the composition the portfolio, relevant changes, performance indicators related portfolio management. according expert estimates, the beginning the second quarter all funds invested crypto assets were investment funds, and according forecasts, their share the market will continue grow during the next three years. https://seekingalpha.com/article/-cryptocurrency-funds-arrived-bringing-wall-streetmoney/ (..). page tokenbox overview the rapid growth the market, coupled with the emergence cryptocurrency within the legislative framework increasing number countries has naturally accentuated the demand for professional cryptocurrency managers. the above facts reiterate the need for the creation ecosystem depending trust management tokenbox. have watched this market development keenly, have participated its development, and now it's time create something unique. tokenbox overview the ecosystem tokenbox unique ecosystem that brings together crypto-currency funds under the management professional portfolio managers and traders the one hand and investors the other. investors are granted access the best strategies for managing funds the crypto market with high degree safety these processes. portfolio managers and traders, including professional teams, are receive ready-made "box" solution for the creation their own tokenized funds, operating professionally, transparently and within the applicable legal framework. the technical solutions offered tokenbox enable the fund management process and its development efficient and technologically safe way. thus, investors can make their choice between different legal and audited funds, according the inherent ratio risk and return. switzerland, japan, singapore, england, finland, australia, individual countries. page tokenbox overview see section for explanation the planned rollout tokenbox functionality and benefits. not all benefits described below will available immediately upon launch. tokenbox provides the following benefits fund managers and traders: engagement with the tokenbox site within the relevant legislative infrastructure. tokenbox "umbrella" platform hosting funds and traders market place format and providing legal incorporation functionality for the creation funds facilitate the issue their tokens and their trading activities legal structure, providing funds and traders with efficiencies optimise their legal spend. kyc/aml. tokenbox will perform arrange for kyc/aml investors behalf funds and traders, well the deployment and use the requisite data verification systems. management mutual settlements with investors using their own token, the basis smart contracts. trader decides launch fund named "mark robert coin fund". this case, smart-contract created for their fund, issuing the erc- standard the ethereum platform. traders have determined that the token should have the ticker "mrcf". this token analogue the fund unit, and its value depends the profitability and dynamics changes portfolio valuation, not the number investors and the number tokens which have been purchased. investors can purchase the mrcf token, store it, transfer and present maturity. also, tokens can accessed organised markets exchanges. access internal and external liquidity. using internal liquidity facilitates: reduction transaction costs. necessary conduct separate operations for the sale and purchase assets, funds and traders not need pay fees for the deposit withdrawal funds from the platform's internal accounts external trading platforms. also, internal liquidity will provided with smaller commission, compared the commissions charged third-party services. increase the level security. the use internal liquidity minimises the volume crypto assets that are temporarily controlled external services (exchanges). the risks technology crashes and delays the operation lock-nets during the transaction period are reduced. external liquidity provided through access organised markets (exchanges) with the use corporate accounts available consequence the fund incorporation functionality, providing increased transaction limits. page tokenbox overview software for investment management. can confirm the degree effectiveness our software products (they are provided optionally depending the needs the particular fund trader): trading terminal that adapted the needs funds and traders using different strategies (portfolio investment, algorithmic trading, arbitrage operations, active intraday trading, etc.); built-in analytical tools (predictive modules, back-testing and forward-testing parameters trading strategies, sentiment analysis, etc.); customer line and customer analytics (for example, fund reports, information messages for customers, well analysis the dynamics incoming and outgoing investments, the regional affiliation clients, etc.) the technological infrastructure the future tokenbox platform has already been developed and being actively used the token fund. consists several main modules: smart contracts for the tokenization funds; processing receipts investments and the payment funds investors; system for calculation and control the value the fund's tokens; parser that controls the volume crypto assets the balance sheets and follows their market value; individual profitability calculation system for each fund client; purse for storing eth and tokens the erc- standard. access the market ico-campaigns: centralisation and corporate approach enable the purchase the project's tokens beneficial terms (bonuses, discounts and guaranteed purchase). tokenbox plans provide tokens with access the platform and also offers tokenization, processing, escrow, security audit, legalisation services. marketing support within the overall tokenbox strategy well access global investment community with substantial number stakeholders. rating system that entitles investors make balanced decision while choosing particular fund. the rating system allows even small capitalisation fund compete with larger participants, having similar rating. the rating system enables funds avoid situation where investors anticipate particular result from fund which actually contradicts their strategy. for example, the fund's strategy includes the portfolio only cryptocurrencies with total capitalisation exceeding billion. the investor therefore should not expect transactions involving less liquid crypto-assets and, accordingly, riskier investment decisions. page tokenbox overview what types funds can created the tokenbox platform? well crypto-currency funds, the following types funds can also created: investment funds with active portfolio management (analogue mutual fund); index funds, including token traded the exchange (analogue etf); funds which follow active trading strategies, including algotrade, robotised trade. tokenbox provides the following options for private and institutional investors: secure, integrated gateway the banking system for entry into decentralised economy utilising fiat currencies and classical payment systems. inside the platform, investors can exchange fiat currencies for cryptocurrencies and tokens, well conduct reverse operations. multi-currency wallet with the ability safely store digital assets. the client has the opportunity create universal wallet for basic cryptocurrencies and tokens. for the convenience users, there are two types wallets for clients: "lite" wallet: this version the wallet, the keys are stored the platform itself with the user's consent; "professional" wallet: when utilising this type wallet, the keys are stored the user. currently, various development teams are working projects related advanced decentralised services for exchanging cryptocurrencies and tokens. the future such systems will allow the creation different ecosystem trust management which will able manage investors' funds without acquiring the right temporary "possession". the tokenbox team monitors the emergence new technological developments and intends offer users the most advanced tools. fiat currencies: usd, eur, chy, chf, etc. page tokenbox overview multi-level security system all funds and traders, registering the system asset managers, are required undergo due diligence; best practises the field computer security, crypto active storage technologies are applied; regular audit the security system conducted with the involvement industryleading consultants and experts; fund managers and traders not acquire the right "own" the assets fund and can only create "light" wallets access client funds (with the storage access keys the platform) for the purposes settling trades, and all assets managed the traders are owned the incorporated fund entity entities and may held safe custody third party custodian under the direction tokenbox. the "rating system" and the "advisory" service that support the investor's decision selecting the appropriate investment fund tokenbox platform. the main criteria for the rating system: profitability the strategy (retrospective for the selected period, shown different market phases, etc.); risk management (classification assets, share capital for the transaction, maximum drawdown for the selected period, etc.); description the strategy (transparency, credibility, history strategy implementation). the "advisory" service will run iteratively optimised algorithms using investor selected parameters inform the investor the optimum criteria for choosing fund, according the size the investment, investment period, experience, risk appetite etc. the "advisory" service will run iteratively optimised algorithms using investor selected parameters inform the investor the optimum criteria for choosing fund, according the size the investment, investment period, experience, risk appetite etc. additional means protecting the interests investors will built-in risk management system. tokenbox platform independent funds and traders and intended that the built-in risk management system will pre-trade compliance system which verifies proposed trades against limits pre-specified the fund and prevents funds traders from making transactions that contradict the adopted strategy (if such limitations are provided the framework the fund's implementation). thus, the fund's investors can confident that the fund chosen them follows the adopted strategy that clients consider optimal the ratio risks and potential returns. security one the key strategic benefits supported the tokenbox team. page tokenbox overview convenient, modern and intuitive interface. tokenbox provides mobile, desktop and web versions for various operating systems. access ico-campaigns for investors. tokenbox open platform and projects conducting ico/ito/tge post the data about the project order for the platform users participate. investors have the ability invest ico/ito/tge well buy coins/tokens projects, including from reserved volumes (guaranteed acquisition convenient time for the investor). you are interested the details the technical implementation this project, suggest that you refer section "technical description the platform". the next section examine the team's experience and competence implement project the proportions the tokenbox platform. page team and background team and background the tokenbox team has experience successfully launching projects the field investment management crypto assets. the current team activity: the token fund and cryptotrader popular application from zerion. the token fund tokenized investment fund that allows investment cryptocurrencies and tokens decentralised economy. the management the fund, mutual settlements with investors and the system controlling the actions portfolio managers the part investors are managed using the technology blockchain and smart contracts. all processes within the fund are transparent, and can audited through smart contracts the ethereum platform, the source code which publicly available, well the provision special software. participants join the fund purchasing tokens issued smart contract upon receipt investment and shares. the fund itself works analogy with classic mutual fund, investing wide range quality crypto assets. return investment automated and there minimum maximum entry threshold for investors. the token fund was officially launched march and the capitalisation assets under the management the fund now exceeds million, with first quarter dollar yield exceeding majority the fund's clients are from europe, the middle east well other regions the world. currently, the fund does not operate with customers from the united states. zerion (formerly etherionlab) fast growing fintech company specialising the creation applications based blockchain (including dapps). the zerion team has extensive knowledge the field programming and experience developing smart contracts the ethereum platform. the team has successfully provided technical and organisational support the following projects: waves, trueflip, humaniq, po.et. the company entered the ico market assisting with the ico platform waves. while developing the project, also realised that the solution such ambitious tasks requires the involvement leading experts such areas as: legal and licensing; investor relations; information and cyber security; big-data and machine learning; verification customer data (kyc aml). the advisory council the tokenbox platform includes well-known experts with deep understanding these modern technologies. http://thetoken.io/ (..). information taken from the site https://thetoken.io/ july https://zerion.io/ (..). page team and background viktor shpakovsky managing partner vladimir smerkis managing partner co-founder and managing partner the token fund. co-founder the digital web development agency. co-founder and managing partner the token fund. managing partner brandship.me. ex-deputy vice-president for international development mail.ru group. facebook.com/shpakovskycom linkedin.com/in/smerkis igor doganov chief analytics officer alexey bashlykov technical project manager fund manager the token fund. more than years experience the capital markets. began his career the investment company finam, becoming the head the regional training centre. certified appraiser, worked the mortgage division bank otkritie. co-founder zerion. partner the token fund. ethereum developer with extensive experience. facebook.com/abashlykov facebook.com/igor.doganov eugene yuryev head product design dmitry shmakov marketing director co-founder bikelane studio, miami, one the leading firms creating visual identities and app ui's for the largest sports companies and rapidly growing financial start-ups. has deep experience marketing and related industries. chronopay marketing and business development, rambler internet holdings communications director, international media group ceo, goodwin augmented reality ceo. linkedin.com/in/deusdictum linkedin.com/in/dshmakov page team and background sergey rastorguev front-end engineer aleksandr volkov lead backend developer experienced front-end engineer focused single-page web applications powered react. solves uncommon problems and simplifies complex things with the help new methods. worked with leading companies, such art. lebedev studio. full-stack developer and software engineer with more than years experience, including project developments for the energy sector. certified php and cryptography engineer. facebook.com/avolkov linkedin.com/in/sergey-rastorguev chris abel-smith head supervisory board chris skinner advisor (fintech) years experience representing western interests russia. currently provides advisory services private equity groups which have included: resultat ltd., varuna-partners, financial gazette etc. the advisory boards many companies including innovate finance, moven and meniga, and has been voted one the most influential people banking the financial brand, fintech titan (next bank). linkedin.com/in/chris-abel-smith linkedin.com/in/cmskinner wulf kaal advisor (blockchain tech) pavel salas advisor (fintech) leading expert the intersection law, business, and technology. associate professor the university st. thomas school law. director the private investment fund institute (pifi). the head the regional division etorro. gained the extensive international business experience developing operations alpari and gkfx latin america, and held position vice president the otc markets sales and development for alfa bank. facebook.com/wulf.kaal linkedin.com/in/pavel-salas- page team and background elie galam advisor (finance) ilya sachkov advisor (cybersecurity) advisor bancor. mathematician and alternative investments expert, chief investment officer the eastmore group. considered one wall street most influential crypto investors. was portfolio manager for two sigma investments, billion dollars quantitative hedge fund. founder and co-owner one the largest private companies the field computer security group-ib, member the global rating top- companies, affecting the information security. member expert committees council europe and the osce the field cybercrime. linkedin.com/in/elie-galam-b linkedin.com/in/ilyasachkov vadim koleoshkin advisor (product development) elena masolova advisor hi-tech entrepreneur and software engineer. b.s. and m.s. business informatics honours from national research university higher school economics (moscow). co-founder jufy projects (more than successful corporate projects). co-founder the fintech company zerion (powering icos around the globe). founder groupon russia, pixonic, eduson and addventure fund. elena was named among top- internet entrepreneurs forbes. linkedin.com/in/masolova linkedin.com/in/vadim-koleoshkin page team and background technical and legal description the platform key feature the tokenbox platform "transparency", providing api access for other developers. ecosystem partners can trace operations the internal api's and interactions its structural elements and modules. after conducting security audit the client code will available opensource. page team and background the system's main modules investors funds and traders due diligence payment processing api for trading analytics tokenization the repository investor general api for the platform's clients. own clients are built this api and plugged external integrations. app building available using open apis based the tokenbox client base; for investors, kyc/aml procedure being implemented various partners; for investors, there also the opportunity securely backup private keys outside their own account the platform, and then import them into the platform; the registration process will available for mobile and web platforms, well specialised programs for pcs and laptops; third-party integrated sources will able transmit user registration data via encrypted communication channels, according pre-established parameters which match the created user account identity codes. funds and traders funds and traders access the platform provided through the web interface and personalised trading terminal (windows mac os); for all funds and traders, multiple authorisations are created order protect investors' funds; each object interacting within the ecosystem acquires its unique api identifier. this means that the action each user whether investor trader can traced. characteristic feature the system the assignment apis internal contracts regulating the interaction between them. thus, the probability erroneous transactions, illegal actions the part the fund trader reduced. the mutual relations participants the system become strictly regulated, understandable and "transparent" for each the parties. page team and background due diligence developed payment processors for different cryptocurrencies; gateway for pci dss cards being developed; processing the settlement fiat currency transactions not directly related the tokenbox system, and will processed third-party payment processors that comply with international information security standards and regulatory requirements. the platform provides unified api for working with various exchanges; transactions can made the internal exchange with clearing product; trading robots, being active trading tool, also receive their api and interact with traders within the system. analytics and risk management the main instrument for maintaining the "interest" investors and funds and traders well creating favourable trading environment due diligence, checking all documentation received from investors and funds and traders, monitoring their compliance with the declared requirements. the verification process not clearly established, and subject constant review, with the result that requirements may change over time. each change this kind will documented. api for trading information provided partners the due diligence process can treated confidentially and stored outside the platform. only the results such verification will publicly available participants the ecosystem; payment processing due diligence conducted tokenbox and its advisors and service providers order identify and review regulatory issues; the analytical engine for the platform has been created using snowplow; logging all transactions open and periodically recorded the block account; the built-in analytics module will also responsible for rating traders and funds, considering the many different indicators characterising the trader's/fund's success, their experience, success trend according different time intervals, etc.; research develop and implement internal risk management system has commenced. https://snowplowanalytics.com page team and background tokenization for the tokenization (transfer the fiat and cryptographic currencies into tokens), the activities the funds traders use smart contracts based "solidity"; these contracts deduct the commission from operations the "parent" contract the tokenbox platform; set smart contracts open and available for public audit. the repository all private keys are placed separate storage behind the contour the platform, which allows guarantee higher degree their safety; access the storage regulated pci dss standards; investors' funds, excluding daily liquidity, are stored multi-signature purses behind closed loop. development platform the platform based upon set microservices written python/java. separate interfaces allow interaction between each group users and partners the system are utilised. tokenization all funds occur platform ethereum based the erc- token. infrastructure the infrastructure the platform built using amazon web services. the description the infrastructure uses docker containers. the databases and their replications are built using postgresql and elastic search. https://solidity.readthedocs.io page team and background legal structure the tokenbox platform owned and operated web-based marketplace company controlled tokenbox llc. tokenbox will offer traders out-of-the-box solution for incorporating fund entity via pull-down service hosted tokenbox supported third party incorporation service provider, alternative currently being considered, access segregated cells licensed tokenbox company use their fund entity, they are not incorporated before coming the platform. the funds issuing tokens via the tokenbox platform will required compliant with relevant regulations pertaining operating and issuing securities collective investment schemes. some jurisdictions this will require the funds hold the appropriate license have relationship with licensed fund administrator. for example, expect that the funds issuing tokens via the tokenbox platform will regarded alternative investment funds for the purposes the alternative investment funds directive the european union. the funds will responsible for issuing disclosure documentation supporting the issue their own tokens level that complies with the information disclosure requirements for collective investment schemes the relevant jurisdictions. tokenbox will supply compliant template material assist with this process, part its out-of-the-box solution. subject the development road map set out section tokenbox will either contract with third party provider alternative investment fund management, and offering, services, develop its own licensed capability support the offering funds and traders tokens via the platform. tbx, which gives access the platform functionality, will issued tokenbox llc. the currency and fund tokens attributable the reserve pool (as described sections and will held tokenbox llc dedicated wallets. page the platform's tokens and economic model the platform's tokens and economic model the purpose tokenization the experience that our team has accrued through the development the token fund, opens opportunities enhance and streamline the business processes for crypto funds and related investment activities. invite partners and investors join the tokenbox ecosystem participating the token generation event (hereinafter tge). the functionality and properties tbx tokens tbx tokens are utilised the platform, thereby providing funds and traders with access the tokenbox operations described below. this methodology for utilising tbx token can best attributed several "rules": fund trader who wishes operate their own fund the platform and take advantage all the facilities provided, acquires tbx tokens and deposits them the platform. these funds the tbx format, are placed the portfolio managed the fund trader and are valued the portfolio like any other assets; any fund using the platform required maintain all assets its portfolio tbx. for example, fund trader plans invest million assets through the tokenbox platform. this case, the fund must deposit and include least the tbx portfolio, which represents the entire portfolio value; the value all assets the fund (including tbx) for compliance with this ratio calculated dollars; the value assets the fund's portfolio fluctuates over time the value market assets also fluctuates, according the transaction volume incoming and outgoing funds from other investors. the same time, tbx tokens should constantly present all times the portfolio any fund the platform, representing least the fund's portfolio valuation. this principle ensures that all operational assets the platform can used. the event that tbx share portfolio drops below the fund will reject investments until the tbx share again equals exceeds its threshold; funds can acquire tbx tokens stock exchanges order meet the tbx threshold. also possible reduce the tbx share the price tbx increases, raising its value the total portfolio the fund. this model for utilising platform tokens has several useful aspects: funds and traders can accurately determine how many tbx tokens they should purchase order access the tokenbox infrastructure; page the platform's tokens and economic model tbx token demand reflects the level platform development, well the dynamics the number actual ecosystem token users; tbx token manipulations are complex. the one hand, managers and traders are interested lower tbx price, which allows them take advantage the platform's functionality lower price. one the other hand, undervaluation counterproductive, because lower valuation limits the amount assets available for management. tbx token utility-token that provides access the platform's operation. tbx liquidity can also supported the platform's reserve fund. order understand this source, kindly refer the distribution plan for funds that are attracted during tge (see section .). the economic model using tbx tokens order estimate the quantity tbx tokens that can effectively used the tokenbox platform, have created "predictive economic model" based the overall volume the investment cryptomarket. order achieve this, have assessed the crypto-currency market capitalisation. the optimum level achieved september has been adopted the "base indicative level", and believe that this value (=+-$ billion) may well exceeded even the cryptomarket's growth rate according our first year forecast thus calculated according the dynamics previous periods with similar trends, and this indicates average growth rate per annum. have furthermore reduced our annual market capitalisation growth rate believe that this assumption justifiable, because when any market sector "matures" one should not expect historic growth rates prevail. have developed approach test this hypothesis based the comparative analysis the crypto market and the bitcoin price many predictions have been made regarding this, and out approach has this been based upon statistical information. the growth trend the bitcoin price, which has been prevalent for seven years, continues, this leading crypto currency will have revalued =+-$, and the bitcoin market capitalisation will exceed trillion dollars. thus, even when reduce the forecast growth rate bitcoin more, believe that our conclusions are following logical trend. page the platform's tokens and economic model fig. bitcoin average daily value change. market share funds and professional traders critical aspect that also needs careful consideration relation the entire cryptomarket. conservative estimates suggest that that their share will exceed the overall market. currently there crypto-platform available that can provide professional fund managers and traders ready-made solution with which they can create their own tokenized cryptofund. tokenbox actually provides this solution. the tokenbox team possesses the necessary knowhow and experience after successfully launching and operating the token fund, and unlike most competitors, are ready offer technical solutions the traditional investment market. this positioning should ensure that tokenbox platform will maintain realistic market share least the tokenbox project started evolve the stage market formation, and our opinion, this competitive advantage justifies the growth rate that forecast for the tokenbox platform. key market indicators cryptocurrency market cap., usd share tokens cryptocurrencies under management funds, assets (cryptocurrencies) under management funds (aum), usd growth rate cmarket, y-to-y tokenbox highlights https://seekingalpha.com/article/-cryptocurrency-funds-arrived-bringing-wall-streetmoney/ page the platform's tokens and economic model growth rate aum, y-to-y aum tokenbox platform, usd tbx share portfolios tokenbox market share, the platform's token issue process (token generation event) tge conducted company tokenbox llc incorporated the jurisdiction the cayman islands. token generation process (ticker tbx) organised using smart contract the ethereum platform. thus, tbx token the erc- standard and can stored investors using different wallets and services. the tge planned the basis limited release (issue). total, more than tbx will released. the total number issued tokens dependent the amount invested. the total number tokens after the tge cannot increased. page the platform's tokens and economic model the cost tbx for investors all stages the tge usd team bounty token sale the release tbx tokens and their delivery the wallets the tge participants made within days after the completion the tge. representatives the token fund and zerion are monitoring the smart contract and the addresses, which the collection cryptocurrencies are made, using multi-signatures. also planned attract escrow agents. token acquisition possible using crypto-currency: btc and eth. the token tbx will quoted several cryptocurrency exchanges and will have market pricing. each quote will announced our analysts. page the platform's tokens and economic model distribution funds collected during the tge the tge planned total attract more than usd investors' funds. first partners and reserve fund legalisation team and founders development marketing investments connect the first fund managers and the formation the reserve pool development funding usd will sent initial investments the funds selected the tokenbox team. these funds (traders) undergo due diligence. funds are recruited based the characteristics the strategy employed and its associated risks. planned select funds with optimally diversified strategies. these investments should also considered the marketing costs necessary attract professional management partners the tokenbox platform. organisation and launch the first funds the platform contribute the rapid growth and development the user community. back-end, template smart contracts, webinterface for the platform, trading terminal, mobile and desktop applications. marketing attraction investors and funds the site. team and project's founders including the costs research work. thus, the first partners tokenbox (funds and traders) have the opportunity receive significant management funds the start the platform (alpha version). please contact you would like become one the first tokenbox funds. legalisation company registration and appropriate licensing procedure. page the platform's tokens and economic model amount funds managed the selected funds dependent the initial funds raised and made available for investment out the reserve pool indicated above. the revenues and assets these funds, necessary, can used maintain the liquidity tbx tokens, well extend the functionality the tokenbox platform. the reserve pool will own tokens issued the selected funds via the tokenbox platform. trading the initially selected managers anticipated generate revenue for the "reserve pool" during the alpha version the platform. primary purpose the reserve pool the provision commercial support for the creation the tokenbox ecosystem. tokenbox operations fig. operating model funds and traders the tokenbox ecosystem may charge certain commissions: the fee for "entry" (for example, the invested funds charged commission); payment for "withdrawal" (for example, funds withdrawn the investor from the fund are charged commission); management fee (for example, per annum the net asset value the fund's portfolio, collected equal shares during the year); fee for successful management (for example, annualised the profit received after month quarter deducted reward); combinations options part the commission charged the funds utilised the operating income the platform tokenbox. another source tokenbox's revenue will the provision internal liquidity funds and traders regressive rate (for example .%), depending the volume the transaction. external liquidity (exchanges) provided according the retail commission size. upon development tokenbox later stages, see section page road map tge (crowdsale) november listing exchanges december registration and licensing multi-currency wallet trading terminal for fund managers kyc module payment processing for fiat currencies alpha- beta- versions the tokenbox platform: tokenbox platform web-interface tokenization for funds parsing system and back-end built-in analytics tools rating system ico marketplace own licensed capability for funds tokenbox platform launch new partners and investors the platform and traders the platform within the "umbrella fund" (sublicense) investments for selected partners (funds traders) internal risk management system mobile and desktop applications customer analytics module page tokenbox platform will develop according the pace investment. registration and licensing multi-currency wallet trading terminal for fund managers kyc module payment processing for fiat currencies tokenbox platform web-interface tokenization for funds parsing system and back-end for funds built-in analytics tools rating system ico marketplace own licensed capability for funds and traders the platform within the "umbrella fund" (sublicense) full functionality formation the reserve pool internal risk management system mobile and desktop applications customer analytics module page comparison tokenbox with competing platforms currently, there are least two known blockchain projects seeking create ecosystem that unites investors and funds the crypto market: melonport and iconomi. project tokenbox iconomi melonport tokens utility token (access the platform's functionality) token-share (weekly dividends, voting rights) application's token (access the platform's functionality) fund/trader passes mandatory due diligence the decision registration made iconomi (the criteria for which are not disclosed) only melonport owners can create fund acts legally the platform (the platform multi-fund) legally not connected with the platform legally not connected with the platform integrated wallet ico marketplace fund/trader registration fund/trader tokens fund/trader status rating system for funds integrated analytic instruments page limitation liability recommended that you refer your queries your own professional legal and financial advisers. the information set forth above does not imply any contractual relationship and may incomplete. the information subject continual updates and are not obliged give you any notice the fact content any changes. while make every effort ensure that all data submitted the white paper accurate and date the point time that this version has been disseminated, the proposed document alternative consulting independent party opinion. tokenbox llc, its directors, officers, employees and associates not warrant assume any legal liability arising out related the accuracy, reliability, completeness any material contained herein. persons who intend purchase tbx should seek the advice independent experts before committing any action, set out this white paper. you not have the legal right participate tokenbox digital asset public sale you are citizen, resident (tax otherwise), green card holder the united states america (including puerto rico, virgin islands, and any other protectorate the united states), singapore, people's republic china other representatives the united states, singapore, the people's republic china any jurisdiction whether the issue tbx would illegal subject any requirement for registration, licensing lock-up. representative the united states, singapore, people's republic china" means naturalised person resident any those jurisdictions any institution, organised registered accordance with the laws any those jurisdictions. citizens living abroad may also deemed "us representatives" under certain conditions. according the laws the united states citizens the united states living abroad can also considered "us representatives" under certain conditions. the regulatory status tokens and distributed ledger technology unclear unsettled many jurisdictions. difficult predict how whether regulatory agencies may apply existing regulation with respect such technology and its applications, including the tokenbox platform and tbx. likewise difficult predict how whether legislatures regulatory agencies may implement changes law and regulation affecting distributed ledger technology and its applications, including the tokenbox platform and tbx. regulatory actions could negatively impact the tokenbox platform and tbx various ways, including, for purposes illustration only, through determination that the purchase, sale and delivery tbx constitutes unlawful activity that tbx regulated instrument that requires registration tbx itself, the licensing some all the parties involved the purchase, sale and delivery thereof. the tokenbox platform may cease operations jurisdiction the event that regulatory actions, changes law regulation, make illegal operate such jurisdiction, commercially undesirable obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) operate such jurisdiction. because tbx and tokenization all funds (fund tokens) based the ethereum protocol, any malfunction, breakdown abandonment the ethereum protocol may have material adverse effect tbx fund tokens. moreover, advances cryptography, technical advances such the development quantum computing, could present risks tbx, fund tokens and the tokenbox platform, including the utility tbx fund tokens, rendering ineffective the cryptographic consensus mechanism that underpins the ethereum protocol. with other decentralised cryptographic tokens based the ethereum protocol, tbx and fund tokens are susceptible attacks miners the course validating tbx fund token transactions the ethereum blockchain, including, but not limited, double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks, and selfish-mining attacks. any successful attacks present risk the tokenbox platform, tbx and the fund tokens, including, but not limited to, accurate execution and recording transactions involving tbx fund tokens. hackers other malicious groups organisations may attempt interfere with the tokenbox platform, tbx the fund tokens variety ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks, denial service attacks, consensus-based attacks, sybil attacks, smurfing and spoofing. furthermore, because the tokenbox platform based open-source software, there risk that third party member the tokenbox team may intentionally unintentionally introduce weaknesses into the core infrastructure the tokenbox platform, which could negatively affect the tokenbox platform, tbx the fund tokens. page www.tokenbox.io