the world's most secure coin whitepaper updated september derek capo ceo carlos salazar cto joseph pacetti cpa cfo dr. yannis kalfoglou ph.d team@tokenpay.com (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. table contents cover table contents important notice disclaimer liability.................................................................................................... representations and warranties........................................................................ representation and warranties reader............................................................ cautionary note forward-looking statements........................................... market and industry information and consent other persons................ terms used........................................................................................................................ advice.......................................................................................................................... further information update............................................................................ restrictions distribution and dissemination.................................................. risk and uncertainties.................................................................................................. foreword introduction tpay digital coin summary tokenpay vision six key tpay security features that bitcoin does not have multi-signature transactions...................................................................................... ring signatures............................................................................................................... dual-key stealth addresses....................................................................................... zero-knowledge proof................................................................................................. tor network integration............................................................................................... introduction the tokenpay sci............................................................................. the tokenpay project why did tokenpay base its blockchain off bitcoin?...................................... two fundamental differences between tpay and bitcoin............................ proof-of-stake superior the proof-of-work mining system................. complete tor network integration for maximum security.............................. how the tor network works....................................................................................... multi-signature transactions...................................................................................... dual-key stealth address............................................................................................ zero-knowledge proof................................................................................................ ring signatures............................................................................................................... secure communication interface............................................................................. elliptic curve diffie-hellman key exchange messaging.......................... practical uses the tokenpay blockchain technology.................................... (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. tpay bitcoin steroids.......................................................................................... the competitive landscape blockchain technology tokenpay digital wallet users generate tpay coin rewards........................ bitcoin network uses antiquated proof-of-work mining................................. multi-screen digital wallet decentralized and incentivized........................ tpay blockchain based bitcoin....................................................................... tokenpay tech specifications tokenpay secure multi-screen encrypted wallets tokenpay branded paper wallet and key generator licensed international bank integration stable banking jurisdiction...................................................................................... international multi-currency crypto debit card tokenpay bluediamond cardholder benefits...................................................... payment processing services for online merchants tpay functionality within tokenpay banking ecosystem............................... high demand and rapidly growing market opportunity bitcoin substantially dominates the cryptocurrency market......................... licensed and regulated wallet and exchange..................................................... fully linked international bluediamond debit card.......................................... tokenpay asia-pacific (apac) focused............................................................. market data supports strong apac cryptocurrency trends........................ asia-pacific market share financial service industry.................................... tokenpay project roadmap team advisors conclusion acknowledgements contact references (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. important notice please read this section and the following sections entitled "disclaimer liability", "no representations and warranties", "representations and warranties you", "cautionary note forward-looking statements", "market and industry information and consent other persons", "no advice", "no further information update", "restrictions distribution and dissemination", "no offer securities registration" and "risks and uncertainties" carefully. you are any doubt the action you should take, you should consult your legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s). the tpay coins are not intended constitute securities any jurisdiction. this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. this whitepaper does not constitute form part any opinion any advice sell, any solicitation any offer the distributor/vendor the tpay coins (the "distributor") purchase any tpay coins nor shall any part it, nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. privacy person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment relation the sale and purchase the tpay coins and cryptocurrency, other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper. rati regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. there are risks and uncertainties associated with tokenpay and/or the distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the tpay coins, and the tokenpay wallet (each referred this whitepaper). this whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not taken transmitted any country where distribution dissemination this whitepaper prohibited restricted. part this whitepaper reproduced, distributed disseminated without including this section and the following sections entitled "disclaimer liability", "no representations and warranties", "representations and warranties you", "cautionary note forward-looking statements", "market and industry information and consent other persons", "terms used", "no advice", "no further information update", "restrictions distribution and dissemination", "no offer securities registration" and "risks and uncertainties". (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. disclaimer liability the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations, and rules, tokenpay and/or the distributor shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including, but not limited to, loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you. representations and warranties tokenpay and/or the distributor does not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this whitepaper. tokenpay and/or the distributor does not guarantee warrant the site will uninterrupted, without delay, error-free, omission-free, free viruses. therefore, the information provided "as is" without warranties any kind, express implied, including accuracy, timeliness and completeness representation and warranties you accessing and/or accepting possession any information this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be), you represent and warrant tokenpay and/or the distributor follows: (a) you agree and acknowledge that the tpay coins not constitute securities any form any jurisdiction; (b) you agree and acknowledge that this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort, not intended constitute offer securities any jurisdiction solicitation for investment securities, you are not bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment, and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper; (c) you agree and acknowledge that regulatory authority has examined approved the information set out this whitepaper, action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction and the publication and distribution dissemination this whitepaper you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with; (d) you agree and acknowledge that this whitepaper, trading the tpay coins any cryptocurrency exchange, shall not construed, interpreted deemed you indication the merits the tokenpay and/or the distributor, the tpay coins, and the tokenpay wallet (each referred this whitepaper); (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. (e) the distribution dissemination this whitepaper, any part thereof any copy thereof, acceptance the same you, not prohibited restricted the applicable laws, regulations rules your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions relation possession are applicable, you have observed and complied with all such restrictions your own expense and without liability tokenpay and/or the distributor; (f) you agree and acknowledge that the case where you wish purchase any tpay coins, the tpay coins are not construed, interpreted, classified treated as: (i) any kind currency other than cryptocurrency; (ii) debentures, stocks shares issued any person entity (whether tokenpay and/or the distributor) (iii) rights, options derivatives respect such debentures, stocks shares; (iv) rights under contract for differences under any other contract the purpose pretended purpose which secure profit avoid loss; (v) units collective investment scheme; (vi) units business trust; (vii) derivatives units business trust; (viii) any other security class securities. (g) you have basic degree understanding the operation, functionality, usage, storage, transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology; (h) you are fully aware and understand that the case where you wish purchase any tpay coins, there are risks associated with tokenpay and the distributor and their respective business and operations, tpay coins, and the tokenpay wallet (each referred the whitepaper); (i) you are fully aware and understand that cryptocurrencies may have tax implications your jurisdiction, including value added tax and capital gains tax; and you agree and acknowledge that neither tokenpay nor the distributor liable for any consequences arising from tax implications regarding the tpay coins the tokenpay wallet (each referred the whitepaper); (j) you are fully aware and understand that transactions regarding the tpay coins the tokenpay wallet (each referred the whitepaper) may subject regulations your jurisdiction regarding barter exchanges; (k) you agree and acknowledge that neither tokenpay nor the distributor liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you; and (l) all the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and not misleading from the time your access and/or acceptance possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be). cautionary note forward-looking statements all statements contained this whitepaper, statements made press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made tokenpay and/or the distributor their respective directors, executive officers employees acting behalf tokenpay the distributor (as the case may be), that are not statements historical fact, constitute "forward looking statements". some these statements can identified forward-looking terms such "aim", "target", "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "if", "intend", "may", "plan", "possible", "probable", "project", "should", "would", "will" other similar terms. however, these terms are not the exclusive means identifying forward-looking statements. all statements regarding tokenpay's and/or the distributor's financial position, business strategies, plans and prospects and the future prospects the industry, which tokenpay and/or the distributor are mentioned are forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements, including but not limited statements tokenpay's and/or the distributor's revenue and profitability, prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters discussed this whitepaper regarding tokenpay and/or the distributor are matters that are not historical facts, but only predictions. these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements tokenpay and/or the distributor materially different from any future results, performance achievements expected, expressed implied such forward-looking statements. these factors include, amongst others: (a) changes political, social, economic and stock cryptocurrency market conditions, and the regulatory environment the countries which tokenpay and/or the distributor conducts its respective businesses and operations; (b) the risk that tokenpay and/or the distributor may unable execute implement their respective business strategies and future plans; (c) changes interest rates and exchange rates fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies; (d) changes the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth tokenpay and/or the distributor; (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. (e) changes the availability and fees payable tokenpay and/or the distributor connection with their respective businesses and operations; (f) changes the availability and salaries employees who are required tokenpay and/or the distributor operate their respective businesses andoperations; (g) changes preferences customers tokenpay and/or the distributor; (h) changes competitive conditions under which tokenpay and/or the distributor operate, and the ability tokenpay and/or the distributor compete under such conditions; (i) changes the future capital needs tokenpay and/or the distributor and the availability financing and capital fund such needs; (j) war acts international domestic terrorism; (k) occurrences catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts god that affect the businesses and/or operations tokenpay and/or the distributor; (l) other factors beyond the control tokenpay and/or the distributor; and (m) any risk and uncertainties associated with tokenpay and/or the distributor and their businesses and operations, the tpay coins, and the tokenpay wallet (each referred the whitepaper). all forward-looking statements made attributable tokenpay and/or the distributor persons acting behalf tokenpay and/or the distributor are expressly qualified their entirety such factors. given that risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements tokenpay and/or the distributor materially different from that expected, expressed implied the forward-looking statements this whitepaper, undue reliance must not placed these statements. these forward-looking statements are applicable only the date this whitepaper. neither tokenpay, the distributor nor any other person represents, warrants and/or undertakes that the actual future results, performance achievements tokenpay and/or the distributor will discussed those forward-looking statements. the actual results, performance achievements tokenpay and/or the distributor may differ materially from those anticipated forward looking statements. nothing contained this whitepaper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance policies tokenpay and/or the distributor. further, tokenpay and/or the distributor disclaim any responsibility update any forward-looking statements publicly announce any revisions those forward-looking statements reflect future developments, events (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. circumstances, even new information becomes available other events occur the future. market and industry information and consent other persons this whitepaper includes market and industry information, and forecasts that have been obtained from internal surveys, reports and studies, where appropriate, well market research, publicly available information and industry publications. such surveys, reports, studies, market research, publicly available information and publications generally state that the information that they contain has been obtained from sources believed reliable, but there can assurance the accuracy completeness such included information. save for tokenpay, the distributor, respective directors, executive officers and employees, person has provided his her consent the inclusion his her name and/or other information attributed perceived attributed such person connection therewith this whitepaper and representation, warranty undertaking purported provided the accuracy completeness such information such person, and such persons shall not obliged provide any updates the same. while tokenpay and/or the distributor have taken reasonable actions ensure that the information extracted accurately and its proper context, tokenpay and/or the distributor have not conducted any independent review the information extracted from third party sources, verified the accuracy completeness such information ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon therein. consequently, neither tokenpay, the distributor, nor respective directors, executive officers and employees acting behalf makes any representation warranty the accuracy completeness such information and shall not obliged provide any updates the same. terms used facilitate better understanding the tpay coins being offered for purchase the distributor, and the businesses and operations tokenpay and/or the distributor, certain technical terms and abbreviations, well as, certain instances, their descriptions, have been used this whitepaper. these descriptions and assigned meanings should not treated being definitive their meanings and may not correspond standard industry meanings usage. words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice versa and words importing the masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine and neutral genders and vice versa. references persons shall include corporations. advice information this whitepaper should considered business, legal, financial tax advice regarding tokenpay, the distributor, the tpay coins, and (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. the tokenpay wallet (each referred the whitepaper). you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional advisor regarding tokenpay and/or the distributor and respective businesses and operations, tpay coins, and the tokenpay wallet (each referred the whitepaper). you should aware that you may required bear the financial risk any purchase tpay coins for indefinite period time. further information update person has been authorized give any information representation not contained this whitepaper connection with tokenpay and/or the distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the tpay coins, and the tokenpay wallet (each referred the whitepaper) and, given, such information representation must not relied upon having been authorized behalf tokenpay and/or the distributor. restrictions distribution and dissemination the distribution dissemination this whitepaper any part thereof may prohibited restricted the laws, regulatory requirements and rules any jurisdiction. the case where any restriction applies, you are inform yourself about and observe, any restrictions which apply your possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be) your own expense and without liability tokenpay and/or the distributor. persons whom copy this whitepaper has been distributed disseminated, provided access who otherwise have the whitepaper their possession shall not circulate any other persons, reproduce otherwise distribute this whitepaper any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit cause the same occur. risk and uncertainties prospective purchasers tpay coins (as referred this whitepaper) should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with tokenpay, the distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the tpay coins, and the tokenpay wallet (each referred the whitepaper), all information set out this whitepaper and the t&cs prior any purchase tpay coins. any such risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business, financial condition, results operations and prospects tokenpay and/or the distributor could materially and adversely affected. such cases, you may lose all part the value the tpay coins. (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. foreword was introduced group working startup called tokenpay. following presentation the company, signed investor. the mission was clear. tokenpay wanted provide secure and anonymous way for consumer pay merchant credit card. the technology was impressive and unique. transactions occurred directly the merchant's website through client-side api. the platform worked, but there was key missing element. that is, the ability obtain card processing proved insurmountable hurdle for the team. despite active compliance program that included all the usual kyc and aml procedures, bank would agree process for tokenpay. ultimately the business failed because this. but there was shortage demand with wannabe consumer and merchant clients clamoring for account. the public was clearly beginning embrace the idea digital cash. was however too early. fast forward and new emerging payment technology called bitcoin was the news after spiking value from virtual pennies over despite suggestion for potential move blockchain payment platform, was simply too late for tokenpay pivot. the core team had already thrown the towel having been handily defeated the iron curtain the banking industry. this point began deeply study fintech and this new form money known cryptocurrencies. started compulsively writing for various financial media such thestreet and seeking alpha. was the latter site where met fellow writer and former hedge fund analyst named derek capo. our relationship blossomed due mutual obsession over park city headphone company called skullcandy. eventually became real life friends and business partners. created startup our own called efin. this website where ordinary investors could receive hedge fund level research automated fashion. around the same time, stumbled upon online stock trading community called investfeed. the nascent social media startup happened the midst its seed round. after speaking length with the operators, decided make investment. outside the two founders, remain the largest shareholder this company. during this time, derek and managed build impressive financial research platform. through this process met tony weeresinghe. former executive the london stock exchange and the founder ustocktrade. tony was impressed with the type research that efin was producing and invited present the mit fintech conference early while the conference, efin launched official partnership with ustocktrade. the driven stock scoring system developed was fully integrated into the ustocktrade platform. this was great and all for and sure seemed like efin was off the races. however, noticed something very different. the fintech conference was being dominated not stock discussion, but blockchain. (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. early after realizing the challenge that investfeed was facing terms traffic generation, suggested the founders that they should immediately focus cryptocurrencies rather than stocks. while there were other investors that remained naturally apprehensive the abrupt change strategy, investfeed embraced the new concept. the blueprint was written and ico was quickly launched. investfeed sold approximately million ethereum based token matter weeks. the investfeed platform now flourishing. traffic surging and the future looks extremely bright. could not happier for the team and how early seed investment has begun sprout. with roadmap that includes grandiose but realistic plans all the way out till the end next year, i'm excited see this all play out. the shift cryptocurrencies was timely and doubt the right move. have not even seen the tip the iceberg yet when comes blockchain technology, particularly when comes cryptocurrency applications. and know this, because the same time derek was working hard something very special. had get it. after constantly hearing about countless hacks causing chaotic volatility the cryptocurrency markets, derek came with novel idea. partnered with group obsessively privacy driven cryptographic coders top secret project. over the course nearly year intense programming the blockchain team created new secure coin technology that can only described bitcoin steroids. with encryption and anonymity dominating the headlines, this appeared winning concept. but game changer, was clear that what needed more than just coin. simply put, the missing link all these crypto platforms the ability turn digital assets into cold hard cash that can realistically spent whatever quantity without hassle. through international financial contacts managed locate the ideal bank for sale. moved quickly sign the necessary paperwork begin the intense due diligence procedure. firm plans are place for the buildout next generation blockchain banking and payments platform driven amazing team top industry professionals and advisors. this has been long road for everybody involved the tokenpay project since inception. however, finally feel that all the pieces are now firmly place. freud eloquently said, "one day, retrospect, the years struggle will strike you the most beautiful." charles moscoe, director huntingdon investment corp wickhams cay road town, tortola british virgin islands www.huntingdon.vg (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. introduction digital currencies are often called cryptocurrencies due the intricate technical details related cryptography, but did not start here. when looking back human history, from the cowry shells the asian region the first coinage ancient kingdoms, mankind first saw printed money medieval times. this breakthrough was followed modern-day electronic versions money. today, there international banking ecosystem, which consists banknotes, credit/debit cards, derivatives, stocks, bonds and much more. was combination human ingenuity and societal commitments that drove the need come with innovative solutions tackle the most intricate concept human interaction handling the exchange value. cryptocurrencies represent the next level the evolution money. the technology behind this new form money called blockchain. entirely driven math and completely decentralized. most notably, unlike all previous forms money, cryptocurrencies are not able manipulated. essentially money blockchain experiencing period exponential growth and adoption, not unlike the collective transition towards internet use the 's. established bitcoin cryptocurrency based blockchain. just matter years, has become legitimate and tradable commodity global scale. has massive liquidity with billions dollars bitcoin traded and used daily. this exceeds the gdp many sovereign nations. fact, the market capitalization bitcoin now exceeds that goldman sachs. there are million bitcoins circulation among thousands holders. bitcoin only one the more than cryptocurrencies available for people buy, use and trade. these other coins are known altcoins. many are based the bitcoin platform, others highly liquid ethereum and litecoin. the features the coin vary widely from practical practically useless depending the underlying technology. however, there exists dramatic misalignment the metamorphic shift digital currencies. the major underlying problem that traditional financial institutions and the related governing and operating regulations are not well aligned with cryptocurrencies. the concept behind public banks was designed and conceived hundreds years ago. this the early stage transition towards the decentralization the financial world. but there resistance. the powerful and entrenched institutions are not keen transact cryptocurrency. and the influence powerful special interest groups ensures that traditional banks everything possible reject this new form capital. however, blockchain technology makes the adoption cryptocurrencies possible. mathematically fluid and moves much faster than central bank, regulatory body international fiscal treaties. currently, there exists intermediate "limbo" state whereby many cryptocurrency holders are unable benefit from the corresponding economic value. there must solution this critical problem that affecting rapid increasing amount people. (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. tokenpay's platform has been designed combine the strengths established banking institution with the flexibility and future-forward potential cryptocurrency. the network enables the exchange bitcoin, ethereum and other major cryptocurrencies bridging the transition gap fiat. also enables unfettered user access cryptocurrency funds merchant point sale locations and atms worldwide. pending conclusion bank transition, users will have the ability store bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies secure and insured wallet similarly how customers typical bank account are provided for via fiat accounts. result, counterparty risk naturally minimized with licensed and bonded bank. the acquisition weg bank germany enables tokenpay operate manner that will cater and understand the unique needs global cryptocurrency holders. tur lti any keys unlock rin digital token summary user authority zero-knowledge proof about keyb key led key tor network integration zero-know authority interface shared wallet blockchain application ses stealth add (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. tokenpay vision tokenpay's goal afford clients the ability facilitate ordinary cryptocurrency hard asset transactions with ease. tokenpay bank full liquidity support for crypto and multi-currency assets blockchain technology corporate merchant payment platform, white label card services and secure high transaction volume accounts owned and licensed bank handles all types transactions private exchange secure digital token technology drives banking and payments platform personal crypto and fiat transfers, insured wallet, physical and virtual international debit card tokenpay has acquired equity stakes both weg bank and tokensuisse attractive, privacy-driven jurisdictions. addition cryptocurrency holder consumer benefits, tokenpay offers complete suite merchant services through the robust tokenpay banking platform. all billing and fees collected are denominated the tpay digital coin, which has already been thoroughly tested and developed. tpay ultra-privacy coin that functionally superior bitcoin many ways. contains several unique features such multi-signatures, ring signatures, dual-key stealth addresses, proofs (zero-knowledge), along with fully encrypted and decentralized tor network integration. tpay the backbone tokenpay's fundamentally core cryptocurrency-friendly banking integration. (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. six key security features that bitcoin does not have multi-signature transactions standard transactions the tokenpay network could called "single-signature transactions," because transfers require only one signature from the owner the private key associated with the tpay address. however, the tokenpay network supports much more complicated transactions that require the signatures multiple people before the funds can transferred. these are often referred m-of-n transactions. the idea that tpay coins become "encumbered" providing addresses multiple parties, thus requiring the cooperation those parties. any keys unlock user shared wallet ring signatures cryptography, ring signature type digital signature that can performed any member group users that each have keys. therefore, message signed with ring signature endorsed someone particular group people. one the security properties ring signature that should computationally infeasible determine which the group members' keys were used produce the signature. (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. dual-key stealth addresses these addresses are different from the standard addresses commonly used cryptocurrencies and allow for better privacy. dual-key stealth address can shared publicly the recipient yet any transaction made out this address cannot linked back it. when the stealth address has been revealed the payer(s), will enable the payee receive infinite unlinkable payments. meaning that each payment stealth address computes new unused normal address which the funds ought received, any eavesdropper will unable link the two addresses. tpay combines these features make the user experience private and secure one. zero-knowledge proof cryptography, zero-knowledge proof zero-knowledge protocol method which one party (the prover) can prove another party (the verifier) that given statement true, without conveying any information apart from the fact that the statement indeed true. proving the statement requires knowledge some secret information the part the prover, the definition implies that the verifier will not able prove the statement turn anyone else, since the verifier does not possess the secret information. authority authority zero-knowledge proof about keyb key key blockchain application (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. tor network integration tor distributed overlay network designed anonymize low-latency tcp-based applications such web browsing, secure shell, and instant messaging. clients choose path through the network and build "circuit'', which each node (or onion router) the path knows its predecessor and successor, but other nodes the circuit. traffic flowing down the circuit sent fixed-size "cells," which are unwrapped symmetric key each node (like the layers onion) and relayed downstream. tokenpay sci secure communication interface tokenpay has incorporated peer-to-peer encrypted instant messaging system using algorithms maintain private conversations when using the tokenpay wallets. all the messages sent and received are encrypted the proven aes--cbc algorithm and distributed between nodes such way prevent the recipient's messages from being hacked viewed anyone that was not intended to, even the hacker can view the entire network and/or run nodes the network. reduce significantly the risk and inconvenience sharing passwords, implemented the proven and trusted method elliptic curve diffie-hellman also known ecdh key exchange. this level encryption the same level what governments use for top secret files. (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. the tokenpay project tokenpay blockchain project that incorporates bitcoin cryptographic technology with advanced security and privacy features. additionally, the tokenpay platform combines banking and closed-end private exchange. this enables wider adoption the coin via consumer and merchant services. developing tokenpay coin and the infrastructure support its everyday seamless use crucial step. why did tokenpay base its blockchain off bitcoin? satoshi nakamoto released the whitepaper and source code the bitcoin blockchain. nakamoto's goal was create digital currency. one which was not centralized government federal reserve. open source and allows other cryptographers improve upon the code. various developers have produced many different cryptocurrencies. all claim have superior technology. however, bitcoin still dominates the market. nevertheless, the risk newer blockchains are prone security and privacy risks. this risk tokenpay not willing assume given the critical nature the application. tokenpay has combined the most secure privacy and security features ever released leveraging its unique blockchain with combination the core bitcoin source coupled with legacy proven, secure and privacy-focused features. two fundamental differences between tpay and bitcoin tokenpay proof-of-stake system, whereas the bitcoin network powered inefficient proof-of-work mining. tokenpay incorporates additional security and privacy features that are not included the original bitcoin blockchain source code. proof-of-stake superior the proof-of-work mining system proof-of-work pow capital-intensive process earn bitcoin. any entity with the right equipment and knowledge blockchain can "mine" earn bitcoins. the process mine bitcoin consists acquiring expensive computers "mining equipment" that uses the processing power graphics chips and electricity solve advanced mathematical puzzles. when puzzles are solved, the computers confirm transactions that allow earn bitcoin its reward. the cost mining single bitcoin reached over usd fewer bitcoins are being made available rewards the costs will only escalate mining competition intensifies. (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. proof-of-stake pos newer form mining that referred forging. coins are earned function and virtue being held continuously digital wallet. pos energy efficient way earn coins because specialty mining equipment needed. all that required for the user have desktop, laptop mobile device. the network processors creates decentralized mining system. this allows extension the blockchain the user that stakes holds coins wallet. order earn additional coins, the user must simply keep the corresponding wallet open. for instance, person has tokenpay wallet running desktop, the wallet allocating percentage the available processing power enable the decentralized network complete blockchain. the person then rewarded additional tpay coins for allocating processing power the system. tokenpay will only have total million coins ever produced. this unlike centralized fiat currency system where money supply can increased human decision. tokenpay fostering strong user driven community allocating the total coins produced for proof-of-stake rewards. the tpay rewards are given distribution rate per year. rewards are pro-rated and distributed daily basis. typical user with tpay tokenpay branded wallet will receive coins per year tpay per day. receive rewards for powering the decentralized network (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. proof-of-work the probability mining block dependent how much work done the miner vs. proof-of-stake person can "mine depending how many coins they hold payouts becomes smaller and smaller for bitcoin miners, there less incentive avoid attack the pos systems makes any attack more expensive pow systems have powerful mining communities but tend become centralized over time pos systems are more decenteralized but must work hard build communities around their coins (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. complete tor network integration for maximum security the tokenpay project features complete client-side implementation the tor network. this was implemented order provide absolute anonymity when conducting secure tpay network transactions. according tor community developers "tor distributed overlay network designed anonymize low-latency tcp-based applications such web browsing, secure shell, and instant messaging. clients choose path through the network and build circuit, which each node (a.k.a., onion router) the path knows its predecessor and successor, but other nodes the circuit. traffic flowing down the circuit sent fixed-size cells, which are unwrapped symmetric key each node (like the layers onion) and relayed downstream". essentially, tor provides transport layer anonymity for tpay transactions. for instance, take amy for example. typical cryptocurrency transaction amy wants make real life product purchase with bitcoin. so, amy would have broadcast her transaction few bitcoin supernodes. the tor developers explain: those nodes then propagate the transaction further the rest the bitcoin network until becomes recognized. alice did not use tor conduct her transaction, those initial supernodes trivially learn the address alice. furthermore, since the bitcoin blockchain public log transactions, analysts could match her newest transaction with her previous transactions and just follow the money trail. these are commonly used techniques borrowed from the internet surveillance realm, known traffic analysis. traffic analysis can used infer who talking whom over public network. clearly knowing the source and destination internet traffic allows others track user behavior and interests. similarly, enterprising organizations have been data mining social analytics the bitcoin blockchain since inception. therefore, should surprise that most bitcoin clients provide user options like conducting secure transactions via the tor network. developers tor say that "by routing traffic over tor, one learns the origin address alice when she performs the bitcoin transaction." some bitcoin wallets support and use tor, such electrum and armory. powered security and anonymity (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. how the tor network works tor node unencrypted link encrypted link alice step alice's tor client obtains list tor nodes from directory server. dave jane bob alice step alice's tor client picks random path the destination server. green links are encrypted. red links are the clear. dave jane bob alice step later time, the user visits another site, alice's tor client selects second random path. again, green links are encrypted. red links are the clear. dave jane bob university cambridge judge business school global cryptocurrency benchmarking study (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. multi-signature transactions custom built -of- multi-signature address substantially fuels the robust tokenpay multi-signature transaction engine (mte). this advanced digital protocol protects tpay users. this works because each party must approve the transaction before the corresponding data published the tpay blockchain. unlike traditional payment service that uses numerous intermediaries, there centralized handling user funds with multi-signature platform. participants generate pairs private keys and public addresses. while the private keys are kept secret, users freely distribute the public addresses. wallet sample supporting the listed technical features hierarchically deterministic (hd) key generation mnemonic word sequence multi-signature support watch-only university cambridge judge business school global cryptocurrency benchmarking study accordingly, wallets have evolved from simple software programs handling only key management. tokenpay wallets are sophisticated applications that offer variety features. significant innovation both the protocol level and amongst wallet providers has led the emergence several breakthrough technical standards like multi-signature which forms critical element the tokenpay wallet security ecosystem. multi-signature, general, refers requiring more than one key authorize transaction. used divide responsibility for possession coins. accordingly, standard transactions the coin network could called "single-signature transactions," because transfers require only one signature. this provided the holder the private key associated with the coin address. however, order maintain optimal network integrity the wallet and its assets, tokenpay naturally has implemented the most advanced security features. because private keys can stolen, this would typically result unauthorized access digital assets. tokenpay's mte system will prevent this theft from occurring. this technique multi-signature transactions adds significant layer security. multiple signatures are needed release funds. this protects all parties conducting transactions with tpay. this can referred m-of-n transactions. the idea that the tpay coins become "encumbered" (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. providing addresses multiple parties. the cooperation all parties required fully execute the transaction. there can several types multi-signature applications but the most common one called -of-. this typical buyer-seller escrow. the escrow agent not able misappropriate funds assets because buyer commits money into transaction with the seller and third-party arbitrator. for instance, tpay transaction goes smoothly, then both buyer and seller sign the transaction order forward the money the seller. something goes wrong however, the parties can sign transaction refund the buyer. but the parties cannot agree, appeal made the third-party who will arbitrate and provide second signature the party that deems deserves it. further protect all users, tokenpay has enabled system where one private key user's computer and the other can mobile for example. accordingly, funds cannot spent without signature from both devices. therefore, for attacker steal funds, access must gained both devices. clearly this much more difficult than gaining access single device. for this reason the tokenpay mte considered extremely advanced security protocol. but some multi-signature applications and wallets that support them are not infallible. there have been reports traditional multi-signature wallets being compromised the past. this has happened mainly due weak underlying infrastructure not being properly maintained. this has exposed key security flaws. attackers have been able obtain access two the three keys needed for entry and employ social engineering designed compel the final holder release the key. tokenpay not subject these security flaws because has infallible system which incorporates the most advanced and unbreakable hacker-proof countermeasures. any keys unlock user multi-signature transactions shared wallet (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. dual-key stealth addresses stealth addressing when sender takes public address from recipient and transforms one-time address. this publicly unlinkable the original public address and any other one-time address. only the recipient can link all the payments together. furthermore, only the recipient can derive the secret key associated with the one-time address. using the stealth addressing protocol, recipient can publish one address and receive unlimited publicly unlinkable payments. dual-key stealth addresses add another layer security. the tokenpay platform incorporates dual-key stealth addresses. this refers the pairs spend/view keys. allows "decoding" (or removing the unlinkability) stealth addresses without simultaneously allowing them spent. this the ultimate settlement security and anonymity and standard when transacting tpay. transaction public key output sender's random data amount destination key hs(ra)g (a,b) receiver's public key source: cryptonote whitepaper october simply put, the tpay dual-key stealth address can shared publicly the recipient but any transaction made out this address can not linked back it. completely anonymous. when the stealth address has been ultimately revealed the payer, will enable the payee receive infinite unlinkable payments tpay. that means that each payment stealth address computes new unused normal address which the funds are received. for instance, potential hacker eavesdropper will unable link the two addresses involved the transactions. the figure above hs(ra)g depicted. this image. the final stealth address (one-time output key, the destination where funds will actually sent), the hashing algorithm that returns scalar, the new random scalar chose for this transaction, the receiver's public view key, the standard base point (the eddsa signature scheme), and the receiver's public spend key. (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. zero-knowledge proof when tpay blockchain transaction initialized, all parties sign with the corresponding private key. this signature acts the analogous action for particular public address. the transaction becomes fully executed because all parties the blockchain can then verify these signatures using the public addresses. there need for tokenpay user reveal their private key anybody. result, tpay transactions are conducted with complete security, anonymity and without any counterparty risk typical conventional payment platform. cryptography, zero-knowledge proof zero-knowledge protocol method which one party (the prover) can prove another party (the verifier) that given statement true, without conveying any information apart from the fact that the statement indeed true. zero-knowledge proof one which demonstrates the truth certain statement. that is, without revealing any additional information beyond what it's trying prove. zero-knowledge proofs blockchains apply similar principle: aims prove the statement "this transfer assets valid," without revealing anything. registration authority obtain keya after enrollment registration authority zero-knowledge proof about keyb key obtain keyb after enrollment key blockchain application (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. proving that one party knows certain information trivial the user allowed reveal that information. becomes challenge prove that one has this knowledge without revealing what the secret information is. for the tokenpay zero-knowledge proofs knowledge, the protocol requires interactive input from the verifier. accordingly, challenge occurs whereby the responses from the prover are used convince the verifier the statement actually true. that the prover does indeed have this claimed knowledge. not, the verifier could record the execution the protocol and repay another party. the new party accepted this proof that the paying party knows the secret information, then the new party's acceptance justified. that is,the re-payer does know the secret information. this means that the protocol leaks knowledge and not zero-knowledge, spurious. the result leads party accepting someone's proof knowledge which does not possess it. some forms non-interactive zero-knowledge proofs knowledge exist, but the validity the proof relies computational assumptions. this typically the assumptions ideal cryptographic hash function, such that which tokenpay has integrated into the tpay blockchain. ring signatures ring signatures enable tokenpay user sign message that ring possible signers (of which the user member) identified. this done without revealing exactly which member that ring generated the signature. type digital signature that can performed any member group users that each have keys. message signed with ring signature endorsed someone group people. one the security properties ring signature that should computationally infeasible determine which the group members' keys were used produce the signature. contrast the common standard group signatures, the tpay ring signatures are completely decentralized and not require any central authority coordination among the various users. indeed, those who transact tpay not even need beaware each other. furthermore, ring signatures grant tokenpay platform users granular control over the level anonymity associated with any particular signature. sign verify alice private key alice private key ordinary signature (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. main feature ordinary digital signatures typical most cryptocurrencies that the signer needs singlesecret key, but verifier cannot establish the exact identity the signer. for example, one encounters ring signature with the public keys alice, bob, and carol, the user can only claim that one these individuals was the signer. however would impossible identify whom exactly. however, digital transactions sent the tokenpay network are untraceable virtue using the public keys other members the ring signature. course one which will apply the transaction. this way can proven that the creator the tpay transaction eligible spend the amount specified the transaction. furthermore, the identity the creator will indistinguishable from the users whose public keys were used the creation the ring signatures. should noted that foreign transactions not restrict people from spending their own money. public key may appear dozens other ring signatures. but this only done muddling factor even person has already used the corresponding secret key for signing the transaction. moreover, two users create ring signatures with the same set public keys, the signatures will different unless they use the same private key. this assures maximum security and anonymity for all tpay network transactions. ring signature (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. tokenpay sci secure communication interface tokenpay has incorporated peer-to-peer aes- encrypted instant messaging system using algorithms maintain private conversations when using the tokenpay wallets. the system works the desktop wallets and the absolute pinnacle secure communication. elliptic curve diffie-hellman key exchange messaging all the messages sent and received are encrypted the proven aes--cbc algorithm and distributed between nodes such way prevent the recipient's messages from being hacked viewed anyone that was not intended to, even the hacker can view the entire network and run nodes the network. reduce the risk and inconvenience sharing passwords, tokenpay has implemented the proven and trusted method elliptic curve diffie-hellman also known ecdh key exchange. this level encryption the same level that which government security agency would use protect top secret files and documents. the elliptic curve digital signature algorithm ecdsa used provide confidence that the messages being transmitted arrive the intended destination. messages are distributed over the existing tokenpay peer-to-peer network, and copy each encrypted message stored each node for hours. following this period, the messages are permanently deleted with chance retrieval any party. (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. practical uses the blockchain technology tokenpay's blockchain and integrated technology allow users the ultimate private, secure method conducting transactions and communication. below real-life example how the tpay coin technology can used. jane amy tpay bob tpay (minus network fees) fully anonymous and non-clickable zero-knowledge transaction amy wants send bob tpay coins anonymously without any potential hacker onlooker. amy first sends encrypted message bob saying "bob, going send you tpay coins". then amy begins the process sending tpay coins bob. with tokenpay's integration zero-knowledge proof, dual-key stealth address and ring signatures are able make this transaction anonymous and secure possible. amy tpay temp temp temp tpay) temp temp bob (stealth address) amy will use the option send tpay via the private function tokenpay's desktop wallet send bob's dual-key stealth address. the network will destroy the tpay coins and convert temporary coin that still equivalent the same value tpay coins. these temporary coins can not replicated copied anyone they are encrypted solely create tpay coins the intended recipient. (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. amy tpay (destroyed) temp temp temp temp temp tpay) bob (stealth address) after this process initiated the tpay coins will longer tpay but temporary coin which will carry value until has been received used the intended recipient. then, the amount tpay coins gets split random amounts that are never the same. so, you send tpay coins could then split into transactions more with each one having different amounts that will still add the tpay coins. amy tpay (destroyed) temp temp temp temp temp bob (stealth address) then incorporates the members the ring signature. zero-knowledge proofs are used when sending tpay coins each address that the coin sent to, represents the coin itself. (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. amy tpay (destroyed) temp temp temp temp link removed bob (stealth address) temp the tpay coins are sent the dual-key stealth addresses which removes the link between the parties. not possible determine which coins have been spent, all tokens remain the blockchain spendable. temp temp temp amy tpay (destroyed) link removed temp temp bob (stealth address) bob now wishes convert these temporary tpay coins into real tpay the network signs the transaction with ring signature which removes the traceability. (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. amy tpay (destroyed) temp temp temp temp temp link removed bob tpay (stealth address) (minus network fees) the network now converts the temporary tpay coins the tpay coins that amy had originally sent (minus any network fees). remember, tpay coins are only spendable providing traceable ring signature prove ownership the coin via the stealth address. ownership the address proves the rights the coins. since are using zero-knowledge proof our ring signature will not reveal any information anyone. amy tpay (destroyed) temp temp temp temp temp bob tpay (stealth address) (minus network fees) ever increasing pool outputs (tokens) are available the ring signature nevertheless, what makes this unique that when the coins are temporary coin mode not all the coins have converted bob. bob could choose convert some today some weeks from now which essentially makes virtually impossible for anyone able link which transaction happened and what date and for how much from the original transaction amy sent. (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. the onlooker jane can not establish link between the two parties and thus has zero-knowledge the transaction jane amy tpay bob (destroyed) tpay (minus network fees) the original tpay was destroyed leaving connection the new temp coin. the new tpay bob has received has link traceable connection the temp the original tpay that was destroyed. conclusion, the original tpay coins that were sent from alice are longer her possession. jane unable know how many coins were sent bob while bob was able receive those coins. tpay bitcoin steroids transacting tpay infinitely more secure and anonymous than with bitcoin. uniquely privacy feature packed with multi and ring signatures, dual-key stealth addresses, zero-knowledge proofs, unbreakable tor network integration and its own closed-end secure communication interface. tpay users enjoy full anonymity when exchanging tokens and trading with other platform users. for this reason, tpay has been colloquially referred the "bitcoin steroids." powered (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. the competitive landscape blockchain technology tokenpay digital wallet users generate tpay coin rewards the tokenpay secure sha- encrypted wallets deploy next generation technology that fully integrated with the tpay proprietary blockchain. tpay proof-of-stake coin. distributes rewards network holders that use the wallet. the decentralized network expands virally leveraging the processing power provided tpay holders' graphics cards. this amplification powered the tokenpay desktop wallet holders. network architecture proof-of-stake proof-of-work bitcoin based yearly reward interest bitcoin network uses antiquated proof-of-work mining antiquated systems, like those employed bitcoin itself, use traditional network mining called proof-of-work. whereby the rewards are only distributed the first find solution for the mathematical problem that concerns the subject candidate block. this mathematical problem that cannot solved any way other than through brute force. when miner finally finds the right solution, announced the whole network the same time. only this miner receives the digital token prize provided the protocol. accordingly, mining requires huge number attempts and wholly inherently inefficient design. multi-screen digital wallet decentralized and incentivized tokenpay features multi-screen densely encrypted wallet that fundamentally driven the most secure core blockchain technology ever introduced. tpay tokens can held and transacted within the wallet itself. platform users engage secure communications way the embedded live engagement platform. the actual tpay token proof-of-stake driven. this means that tpay holders earn prorated daily per year bonus tpay coins for simply leaving one the licensed wallets open. the open wallet acts generator engine leveraging the immense processing power the graphics card across the network all tpay holders. this set actions allows tpay expand its decentralized network and rewards its holders kind for providing valuable processing power. (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. blockchain based bitcoin since its launch bitcoin was developed and designed operate transaction settlement network. is, therefore, the logical platform destination for payment processing based coins. bitcoin also viewed haven asset similar gold. bitcoin deflationary and scarce. rival network ethereum, the other hand, inflationary and abundant. its network infrastructure driven almost entirely with the purpose facilitating the growth decentralized applications (dapps). its native eth token was never designed operate digital currency, only used fund dapps running the ethereum protocol. anonymity features stealth addresses ring signatures zero knowledge proofs untraceable unlinkable end end anonymity secure chat tor network integration tpay the only coin provide the ultimate privacy confidential ring transactions the protocol level coupled with zero-knowledge proofs, stealth addresses, encrypted chat and full tor network integration. other coins have combined some these features, but only tpay has unified all them single unbreakable platform. monero features the most impressive privacy profile absent tpay, but lacks tor network integration and the embedded secure communications interface where tpay users enjoy the real-time encrypted chat. interesting note that bitcoin itself, along with the supposedly secure dash token, have advanced security features. zcash widely considered highly secure and anonymous coin, but linkable and falls short not having true end end anonymity. (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. tokenpay tech specifications specification value explanation protocol posv pos means proof-of-stake which the method tokenpay has used block time seconds block time the amount time takes complete block the blockchain. difficulty re-target minutes difficulty retarget when the chain decides alter its difficulty depending how many people are staking mining. nominal stake interest annually nominal stake interest the amount tpay coins. minimum stake age hours (no max age) minimum stake age means the minimum amount hours desktop wallet has running claim any rewards. keep mind that mobile wallet exchange that holds tpay coins will not eligible for staking rewards. port tokenpay's peer peer port allows connections between peers. rpc port tokenpay's remote procedure call port allow connections our server. blockchain explorer website http://explorer.tpay.ai allows anyone view public ledger transactions the transactions specification value explanation minimum fee tpay this the fee that will charged for every transaction made the blockchain but not fee that tokenpay would receive essentially burned confirmations blocks this how many times the network transaction has confirmed before transaction can approved. maturity blocks this the number transactions would take complete block the blockchain. (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. tokenpay secure multi-screen encrypted wallets tokenpay's secure encrypted wallets employ breakthrough proof-of-stake automation technology that powered the fully decentralized tpay blockchain. desktop wallet users receive rewards for simply leaving the wallet open. the processing power the computer graphics card drives the tpay settlement engine. this decentralized network, powered entirely its users. download download tokenpay android wallet tokenpay ios wallet download download tokenpay windows wallet tokenpay mac wallet download download tokenpay linux wallet tokenpay paper wallet order for tokenpay coin holders take advantage all these security features they must download the tokenpay wallet. (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. tokenpay branded paper wallet and key generator while the various tpay digital wallets define the pinnacle advanced security protocol, many still consider the paper wallet's cold storage system the most heavily guarded digital token cache. literal sense, the tokenpay paper wallet physical document that contains all the necessary data that required generate the essential tpay private key. this can the most secure way storing tpay because the wallet not exposed malware. can stored private safe. the private key generated the user the highly secure tokenpay server. recommended that users disconnect from the internet when the process generating private key. this way the paper wallet generator considered truly self-contained and the keys are not being transmitted online. tokenpay regularly audits and verifies the integrity the client-side private key generator that offers its website. (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. licensed international bank integration although the tpay core defined the blockchain, there also exists uniquely critical banking element. tokenpay has acquired equity stake germany-based weg bank ag. this banking relationship allows tokenpay warm banking regulators the crypto space. tokenpay wants cater cryptocurrency customers tailoring the compliance department around this theme, this crucial first step. the creation bank that fully committed customers with cryptocurrencies utopian. tokenpay intends offer traditional banking services with regulatory oversight and fiduciary status. aml and kyc procedures will apply the same, with customers who use fiat currencies. tokenpay plans operate the hong kong dollar which pegged the usd. most desirable the partnership acquisition bank that has many the existing correspondent banking relationships that are necessary transact major currencies. benefits acquiring bank international wire capabilities widely accepted debit card privacy focused jurisdiction multi currency transactions (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. stable banking jurisdiction germany the gold standard european banking and financial services. originally, tokenpay planned acquire bank vanuatu. however, tokenpay was approached weg bank ag, because they were interested offering fintech solutions that would align themselves with this new digital economy. because this, tokenpay immediately sought form deeper partnership with the idea eventual acquisition the bank following the necessary regulatory approval. may tokenpay officially closed deal with weg bank, acquiring equity interest, with the option acquire additional upon customary regulatory approval. this deal allows tokenpay position itself the crypto-market leader merchant settlement services, particular for those merchants that are not satisfied with traditional high processing fees and stringent compliance issues. merchants can accept cryptocurrencies payment, and through integration with weg bank, receive fiat settlements directly their bank account. furthermore, through this alliance with weg bank, tokenpay will able issue private label debit cards. crypto communities, such litecoin and verge, can offer litecoin verge debit card, where you can actually use for everyday purchases, and have access global atm network. the above image tokenpay bank for illustration purposes only. (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. international multi-currency crypto debit card the concept behind the fully integrated bluediamond debit card that will easy load given its direct connection the tokenpay digital wallets. therefore, spending can done virtually any point-of-sale merchant either online person. additionally, the international debit card allows instant access multi-currency funds network automated teller machines. transparent pricing and low fees make the bluediamond debit card very attractive mechanism for cashing out digital coins enable hard asset purchases. user's digital coins like tpay bitcoin can accessed whenever needed thanks the closed-end real-time private exchange that will part the tokenpay banking platform. accordingly, there need for the user have convert exact quantities digital coins conduct fiat transaction. this will allow tokenpay clients the ability maintain unfettered access cash thousands automated teller machines worldwide and millions physical and online merchants. important note that the mastercard logo the bluediamond card rendering the intellectual property mastercard international. furthermore, tokenpay does not have any deal currently place with mastercard any other credit debit card provider. the intention that tokenpay will enter into card services relationship with either mastercard visa. tokenpay intends aggressively pursue opportunities directly engage business relationship with major debit card provider. (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. tokenpay bluediamond cardholder benefits tokenpay blue diamond card usd physical card issuing fee virtual card issuing and annual fee free physical card annual fee free less yearly spend) domestic and foreign exchange fee free atm withdrawal domestic currency atm withdrawal other currency shipping physical card atm withdrawal other currency weeks expedited shipping low cardholder fees: tokenpay will provide some the lowest fees the industry make sure owning and using the bluediamond card competitive. global atm access: with the bluediamond card you will allowed access atm's all over the world. tokenpay understand that crypto holders are the most well-travelled the world. real-time conversion: when transactions are made via the bluediamond card will automatically convert the currency the merchant. multi-currency support: tokenpay will allow transactions cryptocurrency and fiat linked the bluediamond card. users will able setup default currency blue diamond card purchase rewards: all transactions paid with tpay will receive "crypto-back" reward. (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. payment processing services for online merchants tokenpay's merchant services division offers businesses around the world the opportunity transact with tpay well other cryptocurrencies. all this possible with the integration our planned bank and exchange provide liquidity. businesses will have the flexibility convert crypto fiat. also, fees for merchants will low .%. merchants accepting tpay will save more than from traditional merchant service options. industry low transactions: merchants today pay sale receive payments via debit credit card. tokenpay's merchant services will allow merchants accept tpay coins for free for the first year and then industry low per transaction with monthly fees. daily cash settlements: cash king and businesses that sign with tokenpay will able receive daily cash settlements. customizable branded checkout: tokenpay will make easy and simple not only integrate your existing shipping cart given the api's plugins will have available for you select. point click integration: once the api has been integrated with your business consumers will simply see checkout button ready make the transaction seamless possible. advanced security protocols: tokenpay will using the highest ecc encryption available assure your business that will protect your wallet from hacking. (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. functionality within tokenpay banking ecosystem merchant services account services aggressive merchant onboarding and promotion driven special zero-fee offer transaction processing designed drive increased tpay denominated payment activity e-commerce stores. zero-fee bank account linked international debit card can used all atms worldwide with real-time currency exchange capabilities along with the ability earn cash back rewards tpay. high demand and rapidly growing market opportunity estimated number unique active uers cryptocurrency wallets consider the core tenants the tokenpay proposition. that is, there has been significant growth the number unique active users cryptocurrency wallets. estimated that currently there are between million and million unique users actively using cryptocurrency wallet. this figure has significantly increased since however, the cambridge university study quotes that the estimation the total number active wallets does not include users whose exchange accounts serve their facto wallet store cryptocurrency, nor users from payment service providers other platforms that enable the storage cryptocurrency. other words, the total number active cryptocurrency users likely considerably higher than the estimate unique active wallet users. lower bound mid point ytd upper bound university cambridge judge business school global cryptocurrency benchmarking study (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. bitcoin substantially dominates the cryptocurrency market tpay entirely based the omnipresent bitcoin. large, global survey the university cambridge, all exchanges surveyed listed bitcoin. the second most popular, ether, far behind being listed only all exchanges. well, bitcoin the most widely used payment rail for cross-border transactions. exchanges supporting the listed cryptocurrencies bitcoin (btc) ether (eth) litecoin (eih) ripple (xrp) ether classic (etc) monero (xmr) dash dogecoin (doge) other ripple traditional payment network other bitcoin university cambridge judge business school global cryptocurrency benchmarking study (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. licensed and regulated wallet and exchange tokenpay intends offer private exchange services under the custody regulated and licensed bank. each cryptocurrency has reference implementation that includes basic wallet functionality (e.g., bitcoin core for bitcoin, mist browser for ethereum). however, multitude wallet providers have emerged recent years facilitate the storage cryptocurrencies and make wallets easier use. market data show that most wallets small exchanges are licensed. however, most the wallets large exchanges are not licensed. license small exchanges license large exchanges university cambridge judge business school global cryptocurrency benchmarking study bitcoin the most supported crypto currency wallets, followed litecoin, ether and dogecoin. wallets continue support more and more different crypto currencies: wallets that currently only support storing single cryptocurrency indicate that the current roadmap includes offering support for more cryptocurrencies. multi-currency wallets plan also add more cryptocurrencies current offerings. wallet sample supporting the listed cryptocurrencies bitcoin (btc) ether (eth) litecoin (eih) ripple (xrp) ether classic (etc) monero (xmr) dash dogecoin (doge) other university cambridge judge business school global cryptocurrency benchmarking study (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. fully linked international bluediamond debit card tokenpay will offer debit card linked the wallet. this feature found only one out five wallets. furthermore, tokenpay will have bank backed infrastructure for the issuance, management and custody the debit cards. wallet providers supporting the listed cryptocurrencies integrated currency exchange linked credit card key recovery service o-fee off-chain transactions send via e-mail linked debit card insurance o-fee on-chain transactions send via sms integrated mixing service university cambridge judge business school global cryptocurrency benchmarking study (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. tokenpay asia-pacific (apac) focused the apac region embracing cryptocurrencies rapid pace. exchanges domiciled this part the world account for the market. this second only european domicile exchanges. the number apac based exchanges exceeds the north american count wide margin. cryptocurrency exchange locations africa middle east north america latin america asia-pacific europe university cambridge judge business school global cryptocurrency benchmarking study market data supports strong apac cryptocurrency trends market data also provides reliable insight into the strength the apac region the logical choice for the first crypto-friendly bank. users are segmented type payment activities, the data indicates that money transfer services are most popular the apac region. well, payment platforms are mostly used customers based apac and latin america. findings also suggest that companies engaged cryptocurrency focused activities maintain more international customer base. for example, the majority general purpose cryptocurrency platform activity concentrated apac. that consists all user activity. money transfer services are predominantly apac based, accounting for all user activity. (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. asia-pacific market share financial service industry money transfer services payments merchant services asia-pacific north america general-purpose cryptocurrency platform europe latin america africa middle east university cambridge judge business school global cryptocurrency benchmarking study (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. tokenpay project roadmap efin.com beta version platform launched fall owing overwhelming user demand for blockchain assets, founders shifted focus cryptocurrency technology established corporate headquarters the privacy-focused jurisdiction the british virgin island launched multi-signature transaction engine released linux, windows, macos and paper wallets release whitepaper tokenpay token sale partnership with ustocktrade and london stock exchange's tony weersinghe feature presentation mit fintech conference onboard world-class dev team build more secure and untraceable version bitcoin proprietary tor network coin technology integration created stealth address and encrypted messaging system agreed acquire established bank added ring signature feature tpay blockchain zero-knowledge proof advanced automation added tokenpay website launched for commercial use. complete acquisition partnership bank. multi-screen payment platform. global merchant services application available. add tpay notable exchanges tpay apple ios mobile wallet complete due diligence bank integration bluediamond debit card ships account holders tokenpay bank expand new regions within apac (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. team derek capo ceo derek former hedge fund analyst who most recently served international roboterra. has finance degree from fiu and has completed advanced chinese studies. joseph pacetti, cpa cfo joseph compliance expert with significant mergers and acquisitions experience. certified public account who holds masters degree accounting from fiu. carlos salazar cto carlos cyber security expert with experience managing for large international gaming clients. studied chemical engineering ucr. john singh, mba cmo john has developed marketing campaigns for several global automotive brands with the objective building social engagement. has international mba from fiu. (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. senen garcia, mba general counsel senen corporate lawyer with years experience specializing forensic tax issues. holds and mba from st. thomas university. laurance gerges senior ux/ui designer laurance top tier graphic designer and web developer with nearly decade experience ux/ui/front-end development and print design. aaron tian application developer aaron fullstack commercial software developer buidling internal applications for companies like rakuten, veeva and app annie. vlad turtoi automation developer vlad end-to-end product developer with full stack engineering capabilities. specializes developing complex enterprise solutions. (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. advisors sunerok verge currency (xvg) blockchain audit carlos arraya legal advisor sunerok the lead developer the verge cryptocurrency. secure, anonymous and heavily traded privacy coin that has been widely adopted crypto enthusiasts. carlos compliance specialist experienced aml, international banking, trusts and global acquisitions. licensed attorney and bar association committee director. charles moscoe strategy advisor elizabeth vrettos audit advisor charles technology investor with over years experience internet commerce. has funded several fintech startups including investfeed, popular crypto social network. elizabeth manager and expert forensics with pricewaterhousecoopers. she specializes investigations bribery, corruption, fraud and due diligence procedures throughout latam. (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. subir lohani apac commerce advisor subir the chief growth officer for paypro indonesia, leading e-wallet company. former barclays investment banker and holds degree economics from boston university. joseph ricard ecommerce advisor bachelors information technology. ran publicly traded incubator. launched advised tech startups, countries. background apis, big data, and blockchain. (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. conclusion while the use cryptocurrency sharply rising there clearly exists critical problem with mass adoption. victim its success. while cryptocurrency essentially designed the catalyst for democratizing money, the production, supply, and use highly fragmented. there central government bank control. therefore, the currency cannot inflated deflated. typical fiat money supply can largely manipulated without any consultation. there seemingly unlimited proliferation digital coins. well, relatively lax regulations and the obscure nature some digital coin issuers driving extreme pricing unpredictability. the greed early-stage investors has also contributed this volatility. for instance, since the inception cryptocurrency exchanges coin values have been erratic. these sudden price spikes and drops can cause havoc regular money services. all this affects the ability coin properly utilized for remittance, currency conversion and atms. when cryptocurrency holder requires fiat fund meaningful financial activity, they are faced with exorbitant fees. additionally, hostile bank client onboarding and compliance process remains challenging. despite what the promoters say, there reliable way use cryptocurrency. for example, bitcoin atms can charge just convert fiat currency. this defeats the original purpose cryptocurrencies, which was offer cheaper and more flexible alternative other payment methods. with advantage over government-printed money, why would ordinary person use it? reversing the paradigm, banks must operate compliant and consumer protective mode that driven massive regulatory oversight and fiduciary status. customer not able simply show with cryptocurrency wallet and convert the holdings widely usable country issued currency. and the idea conducting hard asset transaction for instance with cryptocurrency simply not one that any bank the world equipped process. the problem that any size transaction with cryptocurrency immediately flagged fraudulent. nearly impossible make larger purchases such car, house even school tuition. issuesrelated aml, kyc and general regulatory compliance are only few consider when accepting and accommodating such scenario. there systemic and reputation risk that must mitigated. banks have been known close the accounts without warning those transacting cryptocurrencies. seems like every time new token coin being issued into the market there this flawed assumption that full convertibility and liquidity guaranteed. this not only false, but completely the opposite what the case. today's crypto system beginning replicate the pre-crisis financial system. that is, banks being able receive any amount official liquidity will. long the institution had acceptable assets pledge the central bank course. for everything else, such self-created assets, there was the wholesale funding market. many these assets were self-valued entirely fantastical rates. when the wholesale market froze up, only the central bank had the capacity support it. but there central bank bail out cryptocurrencies. so, consumerism and utility cryptocurrencies must (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. live the standards fiat currency. that is, not only easy obtain, but also able create, store, share, use, trade, exchange, transfer and convert seamlessly fiat. only then does the cryptocurrency have real-life utility driven the ability purchase actual things. the major question remains. there way around this? can the cryptocurrency world meet the fiat world? there are bitcoin debit cards, like wirex, xapo, bitwala and more. but this only half the battle. there still exists critical banking obstacles that prevent the exchange cryptocurrency fiat. so, why not reverse the journey, and have the banking world meet the crypto world half way? nutshell this the central premise tokenpay. the goal create the world's first bank that truly understands and embraces cryptocurrency activity. this bank will allow customers the ability convert cryptocurrencies fiat enable the purchase hard assets. this bank that will inevitably cater the crypto community vertically integrated fashion; from consumer accounts merchant processing. all starts with banking relationship. this why tokenpay's first step was acquire bank. customers can store cryptocurrency insured wallets will fully backed licensed and bonded banking institution. the ability convert fiat currency real-time conducted the bank's private closed-end exchange. current market data indicates that the majority transactions are national cryptocurrencies and vice versa. traditional banking services are top. these include debit card that fiat currency tied the bank. all these are ways proliferate use and adoption the banking services. undoubtedly, debit cards are heavily used the fiat world. debit card tied bank account based fiat currency. the debit cards issued the cryptocurrency driven bank will tied wallet and virtual card. the private exchange enables seamless and fluid conversions and transactions. the merchant services appeal that businesses can accept cryptocurrencies. the objective the creation complete end-to-end solution for decentralized payments and banking. the tpay digital token intended fully integrated into the tor encrypted banking platform and used secure and unbreakable form exchange for products and services. ultimately, the expectation that tokenpay will become the global platform for simplifying and rapidly executing cryptocurrency intrinsic value capital transactions. (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. acknowledgements tokenpay would like first and foremost thank satoshi nakamoto for creating bitcoin. the tpay digital token substantially tor-based ultra secure version bitcoin that based proven and reliable infrastructure. core fundamental tpay code heavily influenced the work privacy coins such shadowcash, verge, blackcoin and peercoin. backbone cryptographic coding was driven verge's lead developer, sunerok. furthermore, the project itself was made possible huntingdon investment corp. critical partner the tokenpay platform, huntingdon has been amazingly supportive backer. this whitepaper greatly benefited from the dedicated research conducted artificial intelligence expert dr. yannis kalfoglou. his work the conceptualization the financial automation platform has proved insurmountable and literally everlasting. finally, thanks goes out the bitcoin community for its proactive development and unbridled passion for leading the disruption the existing primitive and fragmented centralized method factitious monetary policy. tokenpay proud lifetime member the bitcoin foundation and optimistic that thetpay digital token will quickly become integral component the global banking system. contact wickhams cay road town, tortola british virgin islands www.tokenpay.com team@tokenpay.com (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment. references framework for unique ring signatures m.franklin, h.zhang, mar' anonymous crypto currency: stealth address, ring singatures, monero comparison zero cash n.courtois, dec' ring signatures: stronger definitions, and constructions without random oracles a.bender, j.katz, r.morselli, central bankdigital currency and the future monetary policy m.bordo, a.levin, may' zero knowledge protocols" e.biham, primer zero knowledge protocols g.simari, jun' laws and regulations vanuatu financial services commission, understanding monero cryptography stealth addresses the trend towards blockchain privacy: zero knowledge proofs coindesk, g.samman, sept' understanding zero knowledge blockchains multichain, g.greenspan, non' tor the heart: cryptocurrencies dec' research survey ring signature scheme and implementation issues f.a.alahmari, t.a.alqarni, j.kar, ijsia, nov' what the bitfinex hack means for bitcoin multisig security coindesk, a.hertig, aug' what's keeping cryptocurrencies from mass adoption? techcrunch, n.haran, apr' addressing crypto-assets' liquidity tn.lee, kyber network, jul' global cryptocurrency benchmark study g.hileman, m.rauch, cambridge university, feb' how leak secret r.rivest, a.shamir, y.tauman. advances cryptology asiacrypt pages springer, university cambridge judge business school global cryptocurrency benchmarking study (c) tokenpay.com its affiliates tpay utility coin used the tokenpay platform. purchase does not constitute investment.