tokencard/token platform whitepaper v.. david hoggard, mel gelderman and peter vessenes april copyright monolith studio. contact mel@monolith.ventures contents tokencard executive summary the debit card the tkn token cash and burn tkn creation event use funds prudence: reserve tokens the future motivation user scenarios remittance mom e-sports gamer and trader indonesian worker san francisco transplant token platform detailed overview smart contract wallet token app spending options spending limits security functionality card loading functionality other items the roadmap charts and dashboards top tier ui/ux fees credit card/debit card purchase agent network deposits tokencard glance control community general public synergy standard wallet gateway token agnostic innovative spending options market ethereum community platform specific markets ditching banks altogether chinese market marketing/product strategy ethereum token market broader market tkn depth contents contents contact tokencard new alchemy token ecosystem services dgx purchase example cash and burn definitions cash and burn example cash and burn example economic consequences the tkn tkn fee reduction portfolio spending example model technology roadmap contract wallet contract wallet access allowance additional security features card spending modes multi-user management token app (ios/android) set-up wizard wireframes, usability studies tokencard transaction walkthrough server specifications scale performance backups and failover release schedule: minimum viable product release days days finances rough tkn projections good better great token creation details tkn creation ratios token bonus additional tkn monolith studio, and advisors capital reserve example funding breakdown core development operational marketing partnerships and ecosystem integration direct sales and marketing legal and compliance copyright monolith studio. contact mel@monolith.ventures tokencard executive summary tokencard executive summary the debit card tokencard debit card usable payment terminals around the world, including atms. tokencard customers back/fund their own card with allowances from erc compatible contract wallets. launch, tokencard will allow users fund their card with eth, tkn and five the following tokens that will elected for inclusion the community: rep, mkr, dgd, icn, mln, gnt, and sngls. the tkn token tokencard creating the tkn tokens for limited time. fixed number will created during the presale, and more will created thereafter. the tkn token provides tkn holder with the right use the tokencard for transaction using tkn without having pay additional licensing fees (transaction fees charged third party card issuers and payment system providers remain applicable). payments made with tokencard using tokens other than tkn is, however- addition the transaction fee charged the card issuing partner subject the payment license fee remuneration for the use the software protocol developed part the tokencard project. the tkn asset contract, accrues this licensing fee debit card transactions using tokens other than tkn. tkn holders can burn their tkn return for pro-rata share accumulated licensing fees through unique mechanism licensed from new alchemy called "cash and burn". fees from card swipes will assessed the token being used fund the swipe. these fees will sent directly the tkn asset contract. over time, this contract will fully automated way and without any management required- accrue tokens proportion the tokens used tokencard customers around the world. for full description the tkn token, see section cash and burn any time, holder tkn can "cash and burn" the tkn. thereby, holder tkn burns and return receives pro-rata share licensing fees held the tkn asset contract. the holder will irrevocably destroy the tkn, and exchange, the tkn asset contract will transfer the respective tokens the holder. tkn creation event tokencard aims create $.mm tkn for sale exchange for eth and other tokens from our initial token partners. believe strongly the future the token economy that not only are the first company offer create our tokens exchange for other tokens, will give contributions certain tokens discount. for full details the tkn creation event, see section brief, the tokens will sold discount early buyers rate sliding from tkn eth down tkn: eth the $.mm mark. the cap reached, will continue sell and create tkn for hours this will protect those who wish participate the event all tokens sell out quickly. those who purchase with other tokens from our approved list will receive tkn bonus, depending the token. funds are raised the cap and eth priced about million tokens will created. copyright monolith studio. contact mel@monolith.ventures use funds motivation use funds the proceeds from the funds will finance development, partnership programs, float (both fiat and token), operations, regulatory and most importantly, marketing and customer acquisition. most these costs are somewhat fixed. for more details read our use funds section because this, any money receive from pre-sales over our minimum will largely marketing and customer acquisition. this creates value multiplier for the project: have more money will able spend higher percentage customer acquisition and boost spending commensurately. believe issuing tokencard china will critical building the transactional volume for the card. entering the chinese market from the outside can difficult and expensive; the more successful our tkn creation event, the more quickly will able capture this market. prudence: reserve tokens have some concerns about other project's capitalization these early days the token economy. particular, most projects dilute out their token holdings this dilution isn't equity dilution, but worse often giving away gross revenues. this may imprudent. lessons from modern markets show that both debt and equity are useful tools for raising capital. therefore are minting amomunt all tkn but not offering them for sale during this presale. these tkn will not issued sold during the initial pre-sale and are locked smart contract. some point seems advisable for the tokencard project sell more tokens, some all these may offered auction format some other format that suits the capital needs the project. the interim, these tkn will not used any way. they will not considered issued for cash and burn calculations. they will not grant anyone other usage benefits the tokencard system. possible these tkn will never issued, however, feel prudent have some backup needed. any event, tokencard will engage directly with tkn holders seek guidance and market reaction before any the reserve tokens are offered. the future have big plans. our mobile app will allow customers number features that they cannot easily access with other digital currency and token wallet apps. read more section aim over time bring about world which makes access tokens far easier than today, far more intuitive, with far less friction. motivation years after the creation bitcoin, one the greatest experiments date, have witnessed the emergence new industry. ethereum has added turing-complete layer into the mix, and broadened the horizon what possible order magnitude. this turn has facilitated the creation new synergistic ecosystem, one that promises overturn the status-quo. copyright monolith studio. contact mel@monolith.ventures user scenarios over the years numerous attempts have been made bring cryptocurrency the masses yet adoption still slow and cumbersome. these companies and projects have failed identify and address the main issues present making mass adoption digital assets possible. the core issues remain: security, storing assets cumbersome and inevitably people choose store their assets under third party's control, like exchange. this defeats one the greatest properties cryptocurrency, and exposes them risks that have consistently proven catastrophic. system needed that can securely store assets without compromise usability. usability, numerous steps are often involved seeing real use one's digital assets. user needs wallets, exchanges and accounts various services. they are required withdraw, deposit, kyc and even become amateur traders. system needed that eliminates these steps, and offers seamless plug-and-play experience for the uninitiated that can integrated across platforms. volatility, forcing people use volatile asset like bitcoin no-go. the people have spoken, and deters more than attracts leaving only risk-taking fringe. stable, more diverse asset class needed. through the game-changing power ethereum now have the tools hand create distributed banking replacement for the post-bank era that promises solve these problems and the process outperform traditional banking counterparts flexibility, efficiency and transparency. the token and tokencard platform proposed this document strategically targets and solves these issues and will position itself the heart the effort facilitate the mainstream adoption the compelling ethereum ecosystem and dominate this next phase financial history. user scenarios remittance mom mac lives florida, and his mother lives the philippines. every month, mac sends home money for her. used use western union (expensive), tried paypal (froze funds for reason) and then wired directly from his bank (slow and expensive). mac doesn't have any interest speculation, but does want able help his mom out and make sure she stays safe and doesn't have trouble because she has too much cash one time. also wants able get her money instantly when she needs it. every month purchases enough money few different stable tokens, including dollarcoins and dai kept his own token wallet. went ahead and signed his mom for tokencard. she uses atms and merchants across the philippines. she's running low, mac transfers her more funds. because the transfers happen directly the ethereum blockchain, can get his mom money less than seconds. and mac feels happy because the fees are extraordinarily reasonable. this problem goes away completely, and mac doesn't worry about his mom anymore. e-sports gamer and trader sonja european e-sports gamer and market prediction savant. she earns her entire living beating plebes counterstrike using firstblood's e-sports betting network, and beating plebes pretending experts the augur and gnosis prediction markets. copyright monolith studio. contact mel@monolith.ventures indonesian worker token platform detailed overview sonja tired moving money around between rep, and her bank account. her bankers are confused where she gets her money. she decides close her bank account altogether and get tokencard. she starting learn more about the decentralized economy and glad she has tokencard; any earnings are directly available used the real world. action required. she recently uploaded popular video singulardtv and can see her sngls balance grow steadily the token app. she won't look back. indonesian worker amir lives indonesia. works hard and saves money for his family. the past his savings have lost lot their value concequence national currency fluctuations. this doesn't sit right with him, has been looking for solutions. disapointingly local banks only support indonesian rupiah and other services are hard apply for. amir was able apply and kyc directly from within the token app minutes. astounded the possibilities, amir has now decided hold his savings comfortable mix gold, dollar and euro tokens. has never heard about blockchain, bitcoin ethereum. but the token app gives him curated and comfortable enviroment for him use this technology in. amir convinced has made the right choice. san francisco transplant james year old englishman living san francisco, and has bank account. doesn't trust banks. instead uses tokencard for most purchases. every time wants buy something, pulls out his tokencard, swipes his card, and the merchant paid. james also really worried about the currency and its ability hold value, doesn't like have dollars his investment portfolio. instead has combination digital currencies eth and dai, and also precious metals like digix gold stored his own contract wallet. when james swipes his tokencard, the tokencard system sells little bit each his tokens, keeping james' asset allocation his desired rates, and uses the proceeds fund his purchase. with tokencard and the ethereum blockchain, james stays control his investments all times the funds only leave his wallet when swipes, and then only the transaction meets pre-specified requirements. token platform detailed overview smart contract wallet upon user joining the platform they launch their own token contract wallet, grant allowances their existing wallets. this contract wallet acts the equivalent bank account that holds funds and enforces security parameters, but, crucially, controlled only the user. users run through setup wizard and are prompted customize settings fit their preference, including: copyright monolith studio. contact mel@monolith.ventures token app token platform detailed overview setting daily limits safeguard assets setting base currency for example eth (any fiat deposited into this will automatically convert upon load). typically digital currency security tradeoff between usability and functionality. users must trade security their funds for convenience when they decide whether hold tokens themselves leave them exchange. think can better. shifting control user assets back into their own hands and giving them easy manage fine-grained control their digital assets safeguarded the security smart contracts, users can have better security and substantially improved usability. token app the token app the main way user interacts with his token contract wallet and tokencard. the token app operates the token contract wallet and gives customers simple way access their token portfolio and manage their debit card and security profiles. our roadmap for the app includes the following (mvp/alpha features bold) spending options single (single asset spend) multi asset (splits transaction between multiple assets) portfolio spending (maintains desired portfolio allocation) spending limits token denominated fiat denominated (calculated using oracle) percentage based time based (approve transactions for specified period time) security functionality ability temporarily freeze tokencard limit token contract wallet withdrawals "stop-the-world" drain secure address card loading functionality credit/debit card fiat token exchange copyright monolith studio. contact mel@monolith.ventures fees token platform detailed overview other items the roadmap simple integrated token-to-token asset exchange functionality automated token portfolio rebalancing charts and dashboards loading history how much, source spending how much (fiat token) and where (starbucks) map (api) integration possible blockchain transaction info (who how much) platform earnings asset income (dividends accumulated from tokens) estimated cost basis for acquired tokens top tier ui/ux accessible for non-ethereum users (simple intuitive) in-app kyc financial management tools basic graphs and charts budgeting tools payment categorization push notifications whenever transaction made fees will working with payments network partner, also are subject their fee schedule. fees are set the partner and are revenue-shared with tokencard. this expected the main source operating revenue for the company. full fee schedule available the end user agreement delivery the card. also charge licensing fee that accrues tkn holders. this fee billed the underlying token being sold and smart contract enforced, these fees will sent the tkn asset contract. tkn holders have the possibility burn tkn and return collect pro-rata share the tkn asset contract, i.e. 'cash and burn' rather than merely hold tkn. tkn tokens themselves are not subject the licensing fee. tkn described greater detail the 'tkn' section copyright monolith studio. contact mel@monolith.ventures credit card/debit card purchase tokencard glance credit card/debit card purchase sending tokens directly the token contract wallet works for people who are already familiar with ethereum. however, our objective allow non-ethereum users access the platform, need other solutions. the first simple debit card credit card purchase tokens through our app. for certain assets with enough liquidity, can provide simple fiat crypto exchange service. this relatively simple financial service offer, however may require regulatory approval and adequate fraud mitigation, and such will feature not available the mvp release, but most likely later release instead. agent network deposits the vision for token enable users cancel their bank account, and provide solution users without one. loading your token wallet using credit/debit card only sufficient for those who already are served some level banking. reach larger audience, may integrate with agent networks such western union and paypoint, which allow for cash check deposits with their agents. these agent deposits would remit tokencard, which would convert tokens and allows credit the user's token wallet, without the need for credit/debit card. tokencard glance control tokencard users are able store and transfer tokenized assets securely, without introducing third party. retaining control, users never subject themselves centralized risks, whilst benefiting from the efficiency and cost reduction that comes with eliminating third party. community the project will focus initially providing solution for the ethereum community, with smart contract powered debit card that can spend ether and other erc compliant tokens and allows for various spending modes that support the lifestyles those who wish transact primarily tokens. general public moving forward, the project will shift focus the general public. using our debit card introduction this transformative technology, aim provide familiar user interface plastic card and app) where users retain all the benefits ethereum without having master them. synergy tokencard directly benefits from the powerful products currently being developed ethereum like asset-backed tokens, stable coins and other tokenized assets and strongly supplements their value proposition. providing way for these projects become useful people outside the community through tokencard, they can expand their market dramatically. copyright monolith studio. contact mel@monolith.ventures standard wallet market tokencard makes every token better standard wallet tokencard capable working directly with the standard erc contract wallets (ethereum foundation/consensys/parity). these token wallets are relatively secure, but not widely used hoped. believe the improved usability and focus real-world transactional security needs will make the token contract wallet desirable first-class wallet solution for most token holders. gateway tokencard allows for mass adoption consumer-facing ethereum platforms like singular and firstblood that greatly benefit from the streamlining the user experience. with tokencard integration users can seamlessly start reaping the benefits ethereum dapps without needing perform complicated actions. token agnostic the platform token agnostic users are given freedom chose how hold value and transact. with tokencard, regular users will have expanding pool assets their fingertips within the token app. innovative spending options users will able pay multiple assets the same time while keeping their portfolio balanced. this world first; customers will able keep all their assets fully invested all times, and not worry about manual reallocation when they wish spend. market our current roadmap focuses several distinct markets and user-bases where tokencard best positioned excel. general, have the underlying ethereum community, platform specific markets and general public banking replacement. ethereum community providing payment solution for the underlying ethereum community the most basic use-case for this market. however, should not underestimated. with rapidly growing market cap among ether and erc tokens, there accompanying need for payment utility assets the network. the market cap for ether alone currently sits close $,,, dollars. expect spearhead and capture the bulk the payments market ethereum tokencard offers solutions systematic problems the space and native ethereum. expect substantial transactional volume with tokencard and this will scale with the ethereum/token economy. coinmarketcap.com copyright monolith studio. contact mel@monolith.ventures platform specific markets market platform specific markets the most exciting use-cases for tokencard are within the many different markets that are being tapped into other projects the space. are actively integrating tokencard with these native ethereum platforms, giving tkn holders direct access diversified markets while providing connections major payment rail for the platform's underlying user-base. believe that this where tokencard's true role the ecosystem lies, with integration benefitting: tokencard, the integrated platform, and most importantly, the end users themselves. this also suggests strong growth prospects for tkn; the success integrated platforms translates directly across tkn holders. tokencard makes every partnered project with token far, far better. believe there will rapid uptake token holders worldwide. ditching banks altogether sentiment and expectation towards what 'banking' and what should be, rapidly changing. consumers under years old are active users online banking, and another would consider branchless digital bank. millennials believe they won't need bank five years, and are also open switching banks the next days. final would rather the dentist than listen what banks say. with growing distrust and detachment between banks and consumers, fair say that there tech savvy market open innovation. tokencard more than qualifies candidate for regular users looking get rid their bank altogether, offering not only top-tier ui/ux experience, but also providing genuine innovation through ethereum. low-cost immediate network transfer assets, access the token economy, complete control ones assets and exposure ecosystem innovators will more than appeal current and forthcoming generations. chinese market will able issue tokencards into the chinese market launch. believe this massive opportunity. tokens are popular china already, and experience shows there will rapid innovation the chinese market some will filter the west quickly, and some may not. either way, tkn holders will get access this innovation the same time chinese customers get the benefits the card. marketing/product strategy ethereum token market our initial target market will token holders other projects and the ethereum community general. this not numerically large group, but extraordinarily wealthy, and strongly demands this product. first data copyright monolith studio. contact mel@monolith.ventures tkn depth because tokencard makes every other token project better, will grow rapidly whenever any one the other token projects sees growth. forecast massive growth the token ecosystem over the next two years, and will there provide real value each token issuer. will granting the top pre-purchasers tkn with complementary special edition tokencard and access the beta/mvp. broader market our strategy capture the general public will start with social media, and likely extend partnerships and traditional media. we'll working closely with dedicated marketing team construct campaigns and strategies attract broader user the platform. strategies that tap into network effects, for example, recommending friends and family the platform exchange for free card, will key growing the platform. tokencard's role within the ethereum ecosystem offers sufficient innovation capture interest from larger media outlets, which will complement our marketing effort. believe will able capture significant roi customer lifetime value vs. acquisition cost many markets, and plan spend significant portion the token sale proceeds growing this customer base, while remaining judicious and careful. tkn depth tkn special kind ethereum token. the base currency the tokencard and provides advantageous usage rights and benefits its holder with regard the tokencard whereas transactions other tokens using the debit card pay smart contract enforced licensing fee, such licensing fee does not apply transactions tkn. tkn holders can addition burn their tkn return collect pro-rata share licensing fees accumulated the tkn asset contract through unique mechanism called "cash and burn". dgx purchase example tokencard customer holds dgx gold-backed token) and prefers conduct her affairs gold. she has dinner her local bistro, and the cost totals this equates roughly dgx. she swipes her tokencard. tokencard's servers immediately withdraw .dgx plus the licensing fee from her token contract wallet. the licensing fee she pays total .dgx. .dgx exchanged tokencard for usd. these usd will swept into tokencard's debit card account float for the next card swipe. the remaining .dgx sent directly the tkn asset contract. since fees are paid the token transacted in, the most popular tokens used for transacting will accumulate respective licensing fees the tkn asset contract. copyright monolith studio. contact mel@monolith.ventures cash and burn tkn depth cash and burn tkn holder can burn his tkn and return collect current pro-rata share licensing fees accumulated the tkn asset contract calling tkn's burn function. doing will permanently destroy the tkn. definitions there are tknt tkn issued. there are tknh units tkn held certain holder tkn. there are distinct tokens held the tkn asset contract. the tkn asset contract holds tokens for the mth token contract. then the holder tkn, decides trigger the "cash and burn" function and thereby relinquish its tkn, will receive the following pro-rata share licensing fees accumulated the tkn asset contract: received: tknh tknt cash and burn example tkn holder has tkn, the current tkn supply tkn. the tkn asset contract holds dai, eth, dgx and rep. his pro-rata share licensing fees accumulated the tkn asset contract equals: [dai, dgx, rep burns his tkn, will receive the held tokens, giving him: [.dai, dgx, .rep after 'burning' his tkn, the remaining supply tkn will now equal: this means that remaining tkn holders, they decide trigger the 'cash and burn' function, will recieve higher pro-rata share the licensing fees per tkn than before the burn. separate tkn holder who also held tkn would now have pro-rata share equal to: copyright monolith studio. contact mel@monolith.ventures economic consequences the tkn model technology roadmap cash and burn example the tkn supply and certain user has tkn, and the asset contract holds dgx, dgd, rep and sngls the following ratios, then the user's pro-rata share the licensing fees would follows: token number held dgx dgd rep sngls tkn's share user's share the user with tkn wants burn tkn and collect his pro-rata share the licensing fees accumulated the tkn asset contract. burns the tkn, and receives dgx and dgd, rep and sngls. all the other tkn are still backed dgx, dgd and etc. per tkn. economic consequences the tkn model the tokencard platform will over time grow support tokens from most, not all projects. this likely grow staggering number unique tokens. specific token becomes valuable popular its proportional use with tokencard will and such will accrue the asset contract. burning reduces the total pool tkn circulation and proporionally increases the stake future licensing fees remaining tkn holders. expect tkn burning rare, but the extent occurs, tkn holders who nothing will gain proportional increase the share future fees. tkn fee reduction the base currency tokencard, transactions using tkn pay licensing fee for the tkn amount the fee. user transacts purely tkn, pays licensing fee. transaction involves multiple currencies the fee for the portion paid tkn voided. portfolio spending example let's back our first example where user paying for meal restaurant. let's say now she decides pay for the meal half dgx and the other half tkn. essentially this would two transactions: each dgx and tkn. the licensing fee paid will only the dgx transaction, and would equate half the original fee dgx, total .dgx for the same transaction. technology roadmap have spent the bulk our time product planning. there too much encapsulate this whitepaper, but encourage interested participants engage with over email mel@monolith. ventures) our slack channel copyright monolith studio. contact mel@monolith.ventures contract wallet technology roadmap contract wallet the token contract wallet smart contract that governs user's tokens and secures them within its code. the token contract wallet's main function host the users digital assets secure manner and allows for various functionality integrated directly into the system. serves the foundation for the rest the platform's features. users will not need contract wallet try out the system, instead they can grant allowance. however, the token contract wallet will allow fine-grained security features, and anticipate users will either migrate the wallet, "wrap" their preferred wallet with the token contract wallet general. contract wallet access access the systems can achieved by: the token app provides refined and user friendly experience with setup wizard, and simple ability integrate with user's existing token wallet. blockchain browser third party ethereum browser tools like mist, parity and metamask can give access tokencard systems. tokencard smart contracts will created with web support mind, and web support will considered for all frontend tokencard applications. allowance tokencard has access withdraw funds from the user's token contract wallet and constrained these user set options. plan array awesome features over time, and will start with basic security features the mvp. options are not mutually exclusive; more than one could active any time. daily fiat limits uses oracle calculate fiat amount and sets cap based that. will initially use tokencard-maintained oracle until reliable third party options become available the community. example: equivalent tokens can spent per day. daily token limits fixed number tokens per day are allowed withdrawn. example: eth per day. percentage limits fixed percentage tokens per given time period allowed withdrawn. example: each spendable tokens per day are allowed withdrawn. time based limits opening withdrawals for specified amount time. example: long allow large spends this would triggered button the app marked something like "go big". additional security features there are number security scenarios are workshopping now. some will likely supported the final app. copyright monolith studio. contact mel@monolith.ventures card spending modes technology roadmap user set limits user could set daily contract withdrawal limits their own side prevent losses the event third party gains access their private key and password. alternatively the user could limit the specific addresses the contract could withdraw to. this could combined with emergency contract migration, defined below, and would significantly mitigate the risk catastrophic loss tokens. emergency contract migration user could preemptively allow tokencard send all tokens pre-specified 'safe' destination case emergency. could called either party case ongoing attack. example: user with poor personal security has lost access his token contract wallet, but did grant tokencard the right emergency sweep something bad happens. limits his own side prevent third party attacker from withdrawing more than per day. one day the token app gives him push notificaiton withdrawal did not authorize. contacts tokencard support initiate emergency contract migration predefined safe sweep address that controls. tokencard remains functional throughout the process, and the user has minimized losses. temporary card freeze pauses card use the case misplacement. can re-enabled any time. card spending modes with tokencard are able pioneer number flexible and unique ways manage spending. the main spending modes planned are: single asset spending single asset selected made available spent with tokencard. other assets can added the queue give order priority. example: swipe payed for eth. multi asset spending user can pay with multiple assets time. can select different assets, giving each percentage and distributing the payment between them. this allows unprecedented control personal portfolio allocation. example: user has set his tokencard pay with eth, rep and dgx. when she pays for utility bill, the equivalent eth, rep and dgx are withdrawn simultaneously from her token contract wallet. dynamic portfolio spending spending based fiat weighting assets. users give target portfolio weightings and withdrawals are optimized maintain the user given weightings. example: user targets portfolio value dgx and eth. recently the value dgx has gone and now represents larger percentage the portfolio. this means card swipe will now withdraw proportionally more dgx bring the percentage closer the set target. other spending modes tax efficient, illiquid proxy asset and other spending modes are being explored aid users specific scenarios. multi-user management wallet holders may attach specific allowances other rules multiple cards. these could have many features: from family budget management expense account reimbursement rules. watch-only accounts may set monitor expenses. copyright monolith studio. contact mel@monolith.ventures token app (ios/android) technology roadmap token app (ios/android) the token app (android ios) the primary interface customers will use interact with the platform. the token app designed give best-in-class functionality with top-tier design. set-up wizard upon first launch the users run through setup wizard and are prompted customize settings fit their preference. the process includes the following steps: user downloads the app user can create new contract/key import key. puts password and prompted make backup key. contract launches/loads (tokencard pays for gas) choose express advanced setup wizard. user chooses his base currency from ranked/curated list likely list 'stable' currencies and other assets, like dgx dai. the base token what the token contract wallet loaded with fiat sent fund the wallet. example: user sets his base currency dgx. sends money tokencard through bank transfer. tokencard credits his account the transfer equivalent dgx. finally, puts his name complete his account and profile picture. now has token contract wallet, can send and receive from others and make use various services like the token-to-token exchange. once users get acquainted with the system they can apply for the tokencard itself. this launches tokencard application setup wizard: pay for tokencard (if sufficient balance token contract wallet) next fill out standard form with kyc/aml details that get forwarded tokencard. all required kcy/aml can done inside the app the span few minutes. tokencard gets delivered their home address. wireframes, usability studies have over page states and hundreds transitions diagrammed and designed. these are sample our current thinking, and not final. copyright monolith studio. contact mel@monolith.ventures wireframes, usability studies technology roadmap copyright monolith studio. contact mel@monolith.ventures wireframes, usability studies technology roadmap copyright monolith studio. contact mel@monolith.ventures wireframes, usability studies technology roadmap copyright monolith studio. contact mel@monolith.ventures wireframes, usability studies technology roadmap copyright monolith studio. contact mel@monolith.ventures tokencard transaction walkthrough technology roadmap tokencard transaction walkthrough with tokencard, balances are stored the user's contract wallet, therefore implement unique model where cards are effectively "empty" until the moment they are used, known -balance method. the process goes follows: user attempts transaction. spend request api call from payments network comes in. lists type, amount, cardid etc. database lookup cardid see what token contract wallet address associated with it. load ethereum state and read token contract wallet for settings: available balance, spending modes, allowance etc. generate transaction specific payment profile. ($: %eth %dgx) evaluate order book and calculate amount(s) used. perform sell initiate withdrawal from token contract wallet api call load specific card with amount needed. confirm request. user completes transaction and receives live push notification. copyright monolith studio. contact mel@monolith.ventures server specifications technology roadmap server specifications scale the tokencard system will support launch transactions per minute with maximum lag second load, and "four nines" reliability worldwide. performance the backend servers for tokencard will able to: accept request from the debit network access smart contract's functions the ethereum blockchain post transaction the ethereum blockchain respond the debit network all these must accomplished within order get sub-one-second full latency from card swipe approval. ethereum scales, this will become easier without risk. the beginning, tokencard will take some risk from double spending functions the necessary speeds. backups and failover the tokencard systems will architected achieve "four reliability: minutes per month less downtime. backups: tokencard systems will able relaunch from backup under minute. failover: the tokencard systems will able failover successfully between regional datacenters. release schedule: expect tokencard will take years mature into our full vision. get there, the team has committed -day major release cadence. our first release will mvp limited release. minimum viable product days this mvp aimed users with some basic technical knowledge ethereum and gives access the core features: token contract wallet, pos/atm payments debit card and payment support for tokens like eth, dgx, rep, st, sngls and mkr. this phase will consist limited card run and will give priority access early contributors. will release the mvp product and cards launch party exclusive purchasers tkn the token creation event. copyright monolith studio. contact mel@monolith.ventures rough tkn projections finances release days the release the tokencard platform consists delivering the technology detailed this document primarily the token app, instant in-app token exchange, advanced security options and the initial asset management suite. finances plan out the tokencard future, have put some time into projecting out business and tkn values. these projections are necessarily flawed don't know what will happen. despite the highly speculative nature these projections, are offering them help those participating the token creation event understand different levers and possible outcomes for the project. since january ethereum and the token market have grown value-weighted average about annually (or per three months). not believe this growth rate will continue over the next two years. have therefore taken range growth from per six month period our range for projections. rough tkn projections below are some rough projections tkn performance under different conditions semi-annually over four periods. have made several assumptions described below and hypothetical context for the scenarios given. expect good start user growth with our platform, and expect capture substantial portion the ethereum community and see success from launching china. also expect see several successful ethereum platforms and tokens drive users tokencard. have based our average user spend debit card reports that give average spend per year the u.s. general, there will average higher user spend earlier periods adoption will primarily consist the underlying ethereum community who hold substantial wealth. average user transaction spend declines expand other markets. licensing fees are calculated simply transaction volume and have also taken into account growth users transacting tkn. good good scenario, see quick adoption from the ethereum community and expansion other markets happens successfully. enter the chinese market months after launch, and some ethereum platforms and tokens see success outside the community. year tokencard users average user spend transaction volume transactions tkn licensing fees accrued (usd) ,,, ,,, debit issuer study pulse netwo copyright monolith studio. contact mel@monolith.ventures token creation details finances better better scenario, have very good initial uptake from the underlying ethereum community. expand china successfully before the end the first year with the help marketing and customer acquisition campaigns. see success remittance solution, and certain ethereum platforms and tokens begin see adoption the general public, which also boosts our user-base. year tokencard users average user spend transaction volume transactions tkn licensing fees accrued (usd) $,, $,, $,, $,,, $,, $,,, $,, great the "great" scenario, marketing and customer acquisition strategies see very strong uptake initially. are able expand china quickly and secure several synergetic partnerships that help reach other markets. integration with successful innovative ethereum platforms and tokens help expand our user base even further. customers spend less tkn because value rising quickly. customer acquisition strategies remain successful and adoption fast. year tokencard users average user spend transaction volume transactions tkn licensing fees accrued (usd) $,, ,,, $,, ,,, $,, $,,, $,, token creation details token creation will commence may ether, fiat and tokens can contributed and turned into tkn the creation will capped upon receipt $.mm. the token creation period will last seven days. the cap reached before the end seven days, additional contributions will accepted for hours case users missed very short window for tkn creation. more tkn will created after this period. tkn creation ratios early contributers will create more tkn than later ones, per eth. copyright monolith studio. contact mel@monolith.ventures additional tkn cumulative amount committed usd tkn per eth rate ,-,, ,,-,, ,,-,, ,,-,, ,,-,, (possible period) finances token bonus contributors can contribute certain tokens instead eth. instructions and supported tokens will appear our website before the tkn token creation. tokens will have per-token cap based the trading volumes and value the token. tokens that are partnered with tokencard will receive .%-% bonus tkn; all details will appear our site before the token creation. additional tkn additional tkn will created for the capital reserve, monolith studio, advisors and early investors follows. monolith studio, and advisors tkn created during the creation event will created for monolith studio, locked smart contract for months. wish benefit only the project operationally successful. tkn created during the creation event will created for and granted advisors. capital reserve the tkn supply will credited the reserve, but not issued. these tkn will available additional fundraising mechanism for the tokencard project, but may never issued, depending circumstances the future. for more, read our section "prudence". example during the token creation event, imagine exactly million tkn are created response incoming payments. after the token creation event ends, the following tkn are created: tkn for monolith studio tkn for advisors tkn for the reserve copyright monolith studio. contact mel@monolith.ventures funding breakdown finances total, tkn are 'issued' and tkn are held reserve. some point, $.mm worth tokens are held the token asset contract, and tkn have been burned. each tkn would receive worth tokens burned. funding breakdown funds raised during the tkn creation event will used solely for the development and benefit the token platform. the level funding received dictates the distribution funds, however, our tkn reserve structure allows reduce the variability what can achieved. funding breakdown $.mm funding scenario discussed below. core development core development will involve the building the technology described this document. this includes: the token app, smart contract systems, payments network integration, server-side code and exchange integration. operational this covers the necessary costs incurred for functional platform. this includes: sufficient individual erc token exchange balances, sufficient fiat counterpart balances covering day transactional volume, separate payments network costs, staffing, management and other related expenses. marketing marketing spend will split into partnership spend and direct consumer marketing. partnerships and ecosystem integration ecosystem integration important component our long-term plan for tokencard. this long term plan involves integrating projects and platforms with tokencard, and exploring synergies that return success for both parties. part this budget will also allocated jointly with digixglobal, through partnership access broader user base. direct sales and marketing sales and marketing will drive this business, and the value tkn. intend put much money and time into these possibly can order maximize the value tokencard and tkn and dominate this post-bank era. extra money contributed during token creation will largely allocated here well. copyright monolith studio. contact mel@monolith.ventures legal and compliance contact legal and compliance there are legal costs that along with setting international financial services operation. certain services planned for the tokencard platform, such 'fiat token' exchange, may require proper regulatory approval and licenses some jurisdictions. although these licenses are not typically difficult acquire, they incur costs: bonding, capital and operational. contact tokencard reach us, please email mel gelderman mel@monolith.ventures. new alchemy token ecosystem services new alchemy provided wide range services critical the success tokencard, from technology strategy writing and marketing. contact paige freeman hello@newalchemy.io learn more about new alchemy helps companies interested the token ecosystem. copyright monolith studio. contact mel@monolith.ventures