tokenomy global token platform global token platform tokenomy global token platform tokenomy white paper last updated: january th, tokenomy global token platform table contents disclaimer................................................................................................ company background............................................................................ brief history tokenomy................................................................. what are ten tokens........................................................................... vision................................................................................................. former experience.............................................................................. asian market...................................................................................... challenges.............................................................................................. the challenges undergoing token pre-sales for token issuers............ the challenges undergoing token pre-sales for investors................... the team................................................................................................... advisors................................................................................................... technology advisors............................................................................ international advisors.......................................................................... public relation advisors....................................................................... strategy advisors................................................................................ product advisors................................................................................. media coverage........................................................................................... product acknowledgment................................................................... crowdfunding: proposal and tokenisation.............................................. loyalty points mileage plan............................................................... customized token............................................................................... secondary market............................................................................... friendly, easy-to-use mobile application............................................... tokenomy: initial token sale................................................................. what its?................................................................................... its tranche .................................................................................... its tranche .................................................................................... tokenomy global token platform its tranche .................................................................................... ten tokens reserved company....................................................... ten token usage................................................................................ token distribution ratio....................................................................... affiliate marketing program.................................................................. bounty program.................................................................................. roadmap................................................................................................... aftermath................................................................................................ conclusion.......................................................................................... acknowledgments................................................................................ references............................................................................................... disclaimer................................................................................................ preamble............................................................................................ disclaimer liability........................................................................... representations and warranties....................................................... representations and warranties you................................................. cautionary note forward-looking statements................................... third party information and consent other persons................... terms used........................................................................................ advice/recommendation/guidance.................................................. further information update.......................................................... restrictions distribution and dissemination....................................... offer investment registration.............................................. risks and uncertainties....................................................................... tokenomy global token platform disclaimer tokenomy global token platform important notice important: you must read the following disclaimer full before continuing the sale the ten tokens ("ten tokens"), the exchange medium pay fees between users and other participants the tokenomy platform detailed this white paper, only intended for, made directed at, only persons outside the united states america, the republic singapore, and/or the people's republic china (which shall exclude [the hong kong special administrative region the people's republic china, the macau special administrative region the people's republic china, and taiwan]) ("prc"), and may acted upon only persons outside the united states america, the republic singapore, and/or the prc. further, this white paper not prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment, considered solicitation for any form investment any jurisdiction. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this white paper. this white paper has not been registered with any regulatory authority any jurisdiction. accessing and/or accepting possession any information this white paper such part thereof (as the case may be), you represent and warrant tokenomy ltd. (company number ("issuer") that: (a) you are not citizen, resident, person domiciled in, green card holder the united states america; (b) you are not citizen, person domiciled in, resident the republic singapore the prc; tokenomy global token platform (c) you are not citizen, person domiciled in, resident country the laws which prohibit conflict with the initial ten token sale ("its") your participation the its (as referred hereto the white paper); (d) you agree bound the limitations and restrictions described herein; and (e) you acknowledge that this white paper has been prepared for delivery you assist you making decision whether purchase the ten tokens. tokenomy global token platform company background tokenomy global token platform brief history tokenomy tokenomy your one-stop solution when comes purchasing ten tokens, well issuing your own cryptographic tokens. our goal become global token platform ("tokenomy platform") with hundreds tokens listed our exchange, alongside additional features that can help anyone, from small entrepreneurs, merchants, and retailers large enterprise businesses and developers, issue their own tokens conduct fair and reliable crowdfunding. intended that these individuals and businesses will able raise the funds they need from trusted investors, and provided with platform tokenize various products like loyalty points. people can easily trade loyalty points issued business for products and services they need, not only from said business, but from other businesses which have their loyalty points listed the tokenomy platform well. tokens are intended interchangeable with hundreds merchants and service providers. provide support facilitate your business generating your own tokens, from handling all technical aspects, maintaining security, providing free publication and marketing, assisting you the listing your tokens our exchange, and other exchanges. collaborating with bitcoin.co.id (the biggest cryptocurrency exchange southeast asia with more than million users), will help you list your tokens their trading platforms and get expose you the investors you need. for people interested trading, major cryptocurrencies and new promising tokens will tradable the exchange the tokenomy platform. what the ten token? the ten token new form utility digital asset token that built top the tokenomy platform, more popularly known tokenomy. has been created support better, fairer and more reliant crowdfunding platform that can used anyone around the world. tokenomy global token platform with the ten token, small businesses can compete global scale and fundraise run their businesses through the issuance their own tokens the tokenomy platform. anyone can become investors support the projects which they are interested. additionally, also intended that large companies, merchants, and startups can trade their loyalty points alike the tokenomy platform the form their own tokens. intended that ten tokens are tradable assets, well payment method make payments easier, faster, and frictionless new futuristic world and cashless society. vision tokenomy, plan build platform where anyone can help and offer small merchants, entrepreneurs, even -year-old kid with big ideas, helping hand. carefully select participants, analyse what they have, what they don't, and look ahead their prospects the future. people with limited knowledge have had difficulty distinguishing between companies that are truly valuable and worthy support from those which are not, think necessary build platform that truly secure. the tokenomy platform was born from the desire combat fraud, and prevent scams and unreliable organisations from trading with and taking advantage legitimate companies. our goal not just become global token platform for crowdfunding purposes, but become the biggest platform for tokenisation. with the tokenomy platform, participants will able make investments and trade, business will able get funding, and variety products and services can tokenised and become interchangeable across borders. tokenomy global token platform former experience the founders tokenomy are not newcomers the cryptocurrency world. two our founders were the inventors bitcoin.co.id, formally known bit coin indonesia, which the biggest digital asset marketplace southeast asia. bitcoin.co.id was first established february and has maintained steady and ongoing growth since the beginning. its monthly trading volume reached high us$ million november with more than million active users. just like bitcoin.co.id, the tokenomy platform was built create crypto-ecosystem that solely relys blockchain technology, the secure and highly effective peer-to-peer distributed ledger system. with that mind, completely understand the challenges businesses that deal with cryptocurrency transactions. believe that the world becoming more and more digitised, and that time take step forward. tokenomy global token platform asian market are choosing target the asian market based the following considerations: asia market with huge and ongoing growth potential asia the largest and most populous earth's continents and its located both the northern and eastern hemispheres. asia comprises full the world's land area with the world's current population. also has the highest growth rate today; its population almost quadrupled during the century. the estimated population for asia billion and has already reached ,,, southeast asia alone, the total population has multiplied climbing approximately ,,. the median age asia just years, young and relatively open-minded demographic with regard technology. taken from worldometers.info, the following table will provide additional insight into the sub regions asia. region population yearly change med. age world share southern asia ... eastern asia ... southeastern asia western asia central asia data was taken from world population review, http://worldpopulationreview.com/continents/asia-population/, accessed november data was taken from http://www.worldometers.info/world-population/south-eastern-asia-population/ data was derived from the following website http://www.worldometers.info/world-population/population-by-asia-subregion/ (accessed november tokenomy global token platform according the world bank group, the population still underbanked southeast asia, china and india two billion people worldwide not have bank account access financial institution via mobile phone, other device. this beginning change. between and million adults became first time account holders, and the unbanked population fell down from billion according the world bank's global financial inclusion database and based information from more than countries. even with such improvement, billion adults across the globe remain unbanked. south asia and east asia and the pacific together account for more than half the world's unbanked adults. south asia, home about million adults without account, has about percent the global total. the following map from center for financial inclusion shows how most asian countries have little access open account formal financial institution. the lighter the shade, the more people they have that don't have access bank accounts. camilla hodgson, "the world's billion unbanked, charts", taken from the website business insider uk, accessed november from the following website: http://uk.businessinsider.com/the-worlds-unbanked-population-in--charts--/?ir=t the information derived from the website the world bank group http://documents.worldbank.org/curated/en/ /pdf/wps.pdf#page=, accessed october tokenomy global token platform two countries asia are major and globally recognized financial hubs hong kong and singapore are competing for the title asia's most important financial hub. considered the gateway southeast asia and seen wealth management hub, singapore was ranked the most competitive financial center the world. according the latest iteration the global financial centers index (gfci) that was published the think tanks z/yen and china development institute, singapore was also ranked pricewaterhousecooper's city opportunity index and ranked the largest wealth management center the world deliotte. hong kong also strong financial center, has long served the gateway mainland china and has the necessary expertise, information and facilities tap into the chinese marketplace. this proximity and history has helped make hong kong the largest trading partner mainland china. economic growth asia according the international monetary fund's latest regional assessment, the asia and pacific region continues deliver strong growth, even the face widespread concerns about growing protectionism, rapidly aging society, and slow productivity growth. quick look southeast asia region reveals that its combined gross domestic product ("gdp") (if considered single economy) placed the largest the world and the largest asia, us$. trillion, which more than times the asean gdp the following table shows the percentage gdp change asian countries: rohini samtani, "hong kong vs. singapore: weighing asia's financial hubs", article was seen the following website: https:// www.cnbc.com////hong-kong-vs-singapore-weighing-asias-financial-hubs.html (accessed november dennis brandes al., "deloitte global wealth management centre ranking (zurich, switzerland: deloitte consulting ag, mark yeandle, "global financial centres index (london, u.k.: z/yen group and china development institute, september imf, "asia dynamic economies continue lead global growth", taken from the following website: https://www.imf.org/en/news/ articles////na-asia-dynamic-economies-continue-to-lead-global-growth november th, the information derived from the website aseanstats http://www.aseanstats.org/wp-content/uploads/// asean_master_publication.pdf, accessed october tokenomy global token platform tokenomy global token platform digital growth asia-pacific taken from simon kemp's article wearesocial.com, titled "digital global overview", the asia-pacific region accounted for the total growth global internet users, the growth social media users, and the growth mobile social media users. tokenomy global token platform challenges tokenomy global token platform the challenges undergoing token pre-sales for token issuers tokenomy are trying combat the challenges undergoing token sale that more people, even those with minimal technical skills, will able participate token sale. some the most common issues people deal with when they are trying generate their own tokens and undertaking token sale include: legality regulations, most countries, are not yet clear regarding the sale digital coins and/or cryptographic tokens. though the fact still debatable, undertaking token sale can contain huge risks the future. legal support this regard, especially from the relevant government(s), costly, tiring, and time-consuming. large and financially endowed entrepreneurs may unable pursue variety legal options, but small companies are not likely stand chance. technology generating your own tokens for token sale complex process and learning the technology involved could barrier entry. the process simply but not intuitive, and not easy learning simple programmes. highly technical, very new, and there are not many programmers out there that have the expertise take such work; hence hiring skilled workers could challenge. security because the potential vulnerabilities, hackers have been known exploit and attack token sale projects, especially those that are not securely guarded. less experienced programmers are the easiest targets, their risk even higher they not implement cold storage protocols. marketing most new entrepreneurs not have strong business connections wellestablished networks. advertising and marketing may substantial drain their financial resources. tokenomy global token platform looking get listed exchanges you are getting positive reviews from news websites, being covered the press and financial crypto-media, and/or have large fan base, the path listing exchange clear. for those who are just starting out, getting listed cryptocurrency exchanges challenge. you're just getting started, may take your best effort just remain the competition and set the minimum business networks you'll need eventually listed. the road getting listed exchange, particularly one with only few customers, will long and painful for startup new group without solid connections. sustainability our opinion, token sale project has many investors, its tokens will likely demand. token sale project has few investors but the support substantial community, its tokens will likely survive for few months. however, token sale projects that have only investors, and the support small community, its tokens are not likely demand even known. the challenges undergoing token pre-sales for investors designed for token issuers but flexible and accessible for all, the tokenomy platform provides the best solution for investors looking for new tokens invest. you might think easy participate token sale, but risky challenges lie ahead for naive investors. taken from article called "open source: token best practice", written simon taylor october the following (non-exhaustive) list challenges investors often face during token sale: lack standardized information invest, need know what kind project we're going deal with and accurate, concise, clear information vital for price discovery well understand the investment risk involved. the tokenomy platform will provide new, easy-to- tokenomy global token platform understand platform for potential investor learn everything needs know about particular token sale which interested. such information directly intended directly provided token issuers. perception risk some cases, white papers can misleading and may not contain details the risk involved. investors are reliant white papers fully understand token token sale project. such papers however often reveal only the positive parts the project, and gloss over the negative aspects risks involved. when paper misleading, investors can easily convinced invest things they not truly understand. without clear understanding the offering, these investors may choose participate trivial factors, including but not limited the token sale project being well-marketed. with any new technological development, there significant risk asset bubbles investors overlook crucial details project the search for yield. balancing this with appropriate data and transparency will tokenomy global token platform crucial going forward, tokenomy uses built-in proprietary methods ensure all information provided accurate and significant information omitted. provide transparency for investors and are clear about the positive and negative aspects token, making easier for them make fair decisions when deciding invest. potential market manipulation investors are often reliant alternative sources information such discussion forums which are open potential market manipulation. tokenomy intended address this only publishing accurate, factual, and clear information. access secondary markets secondary markets are another vital tool for price discovery. some tokens are issued with limited 'lock-up' periods where they cannot exchanged secondary market and others are not. this confusing for investors and the transferability tokens needs addressed. tokenomy, provide direct platforms where tokens can traded directly major cryptocurrencies (such btc, eth, and waves) that are familiar and easy enough for investors deal with. collaborating with bitcoin.co.id the biggest cryptocurrency platform southeast asia with million users this trading process can done instantly and seamlessly, the preferred time tokenholder. tokenomy global token platform the team tokenomy global token platform oscar darmawan chief executive officer oscar darmawan, co-founded bitcoin.co.id, the biggest bitcoin and blockchain startup indonesia which facilitates cryptocurrency trading for more than million registered users. soon became the chief executive officer for the company, which has become the largest cryptocurrency platform south east asia. the past years, oscar has been focusing building the blockchain ecosystem indonesia. graduated from monash university, majoring information technology and system. william sutanto chief technology officer along with oscar darmawan, william founded bitcoin.co.id back professional head engineer who responsible behind all the technology bitcoin.co.id. william has strong internet technology and project development background based his years' experience working the field. william currently residing bali fully support the exchange while working upcoming projects. jack chief marketing officer after career private banking, jack joined navis capital partners ("navis") where responsible for the sourcing and negotiation proprietary investment opportunities. established navis specialised midcap buyout firm with over us$. billion investments. before coming navis, spent years american investment banks boston, hong kong, and singapore. was vice president the ultra high net worth division responsible for the development jpmorgan's financial sponsors business southeast asia. tokenomy global token platform ville oehman fund manager ville m.sc. (technology management), mba, certified islamic finance executive and certified dgcx trader. has invested several cryptocurrency companies asia, europe and middle east. ville also the co-founder and fund manager fully regulated cryptocurrency fund domiciled cayman islands, and managed from singapore under the full capital markets services license helvetic investments. ville frequent speaker cryptocurrencies universities, media and financial technology events, including the leading islamic finance conferences singapore and indonesia. suasti atmastuti business dev. manager graduated magna cum laude from parahyangan university, suasti had experience working assistant researcher and co-wrote book titled "asia pacific: konflik, kerjasama dan relasi antarkawasan." she worked for banking strategic learning, financial solution provider company, for years before she joined the cryptocurrency field. she became the business development director for the bitislands project and did marketing for bitbayar.com --a bitcoin payment gateway enable merchants accept payments bitcoin. vincentia olga communication manager graduate from university birmingham with bachelor science international business with upper second-class honors, vicentia enthusiastic self-starter with strong leadership and communication skills. assisted developing private company for increasing their awareness. tokenomy global token platform advisors tokenomy global token platform technology advisors toto sugiri toto sugiri veteran the indonesia technology scene. the founder and self-funder indonesia's first tier four data center, dci, mentor founder institute jakarta, and the founder the man sigma group that was acquired telkom indonesia toto completed his masters computer engineering germany and returned indonesia toto currently takes advisory role the projects that involved. izak jenie izak jenie technology entrepreneur. izak made his name through the creation one the first indonesian e-wallets. has also recently successfully listed one his digital businesses, cash integrasi tbk (mcas ij), the indonesia stock exchange,. izak also the chief technology officer one the most successful digital business integrators, kresna graha investama tbk (kren ij). also sits the boards some digital startups and has been active coaching enterpreneurs and professionals who focus the digital space indonesia. tokenomy global token platform international advisors anson zeall anson the co-founder chief executive officer coinpip, business payout service leveraging blockchain technologies. backed startups, coinpip one the most prominent venture capital firms silicon valley and has been cooperating with bitcoin.co.id for few years now. anson alumnus university new south wales and columbia business school. prior coinpip, ran private family office singapore managing various asset classes, equities, derivatives and real estate. roberto capodieci roberto discovered passion for information technology the tender age the time has had developed and sold his first video game. roberto, specialises lawful interception systems and big data analysis, also consultant law enforcement agencies, associate the nxt issuer and the first apply blockchain technology supply chain and trade finance. founder the blockchain zoo association, roberto often speaks conferences blockchain. sasha ivanov sasha ivanov has been involved internet payment systems software development and neural network prediction solutions. after the emergence blockchain technology launched the first instant cryptocurrency exchange, coinomat.com, the first fiat blockchain token, coinousd, and the first tradable cryptocurrency index, coinoindex.com. leads the waves platform, which has current market cap over us$ million and built custom scala-based blockchain focused tokenisation. tokenomy global token platform willson cuaca willson cuaca co-founder and managing partner east ventures, one the most active early stage venture fund that focus south east asia. willson brings experience ecosystem building, product market fit and strategic advice with his investment into hundreds early stage startups the region. east ventures was involved indonesia startup scene since very beginning when one believed the market potential. east ventures well positioned experience directly all the major milestones indonesia startup scene, working together with founders and stakeholders develop the industry from nascent ecosystem. kenneth kenneth practising lawyer and senior partner with dentons rodyk davidson llp's corporate practice, and china indonesia practices. legal practice for close two decades, specialises corporate finance well mergers acquisitions. legal directory asia pacific legal has listed kenneth being "...admired for his quickness mind and his ability come with creative solutions..." and "equity capital markets specialist". kenneth also cofounder monetary authority singapore-licensed asset management firm ferrell financial and boutique venture capital firm omnibridge, and serves independent director several companies listed the stock exchange hong kong limited singapore exchange (securities trading) limited and chairs certain their corporate governance committees. tokenomy global token platform public relations advisor yos adiguna ginting the founder and chairman the board directors the indonesia services dialogue council, yos seeks accelerate the development the blockchain-based services sector indonesia through the establishment coalition stakeholders. yos active encouraging the formulation regulations that encourage the growth the business world indonesia through its position chairman the permanent committee international trade kadin indonesia and apindo. yos holds phd computational and theoretical chemistry from the university tasmania australia and independent director one indonesia's largest public companies with over years' experience the field advocacy for the establishment regulations, business management and international trade. tokenomy global token platform strategy advisors carlos parada carlos business developer who has specialises blockchain technology since early his multidisciplinary background includes programming and industrial prototyping. since carlos has been based indonesia, where has collaborated with the ministry transportation lay the issuers for joint venture between private company and angkasa pura (indonesian airport authorities). has also worked with well-known companies such kompas gramedia and bank negara indonesia (bni). shinji kimura shinji kimura active entrepreneur and investor. aside from being the ceo and founder accomplished companies such gunosy and anypay, active investor new technology through his ceo and partner post das capital. visionary who wishes see universally decentralized and deregulated economic world. mickey milojko spajic mickey milojko spajic das capital's partner and crypto-currency entrepreneur. strongly believes technologies and business models that enhance the inter-human trust, such crypto-currencies and other implementations blockchain tech, shared economy etc. was previously part distressedcredit team goldman sachs, and fixed income desk citi bank. tokenomy global token platform product advisors benson kawengian with background finance, the founder and president beka asia group, indonesian business group construction, technology, and services. one his companies, pt. datra internusa leading construction firm that builds inspiring venues like stadia, arenas, and halls; involved renovation projects for asian games technology, partner rmkb ventures, ceo urbanhire, and was included tech asia's top indonesian startup founders list. also active member the ted community, young entrepreneurs indonesia and board member entrepreneurs' organization indonesia chapter. former executive bloomberg lp, benson earned his mba with high distinction the university queensland (st. lucia). edy sulistyo edy sulistyo serial techology entrepreneur who has founded and exited several startups such eevent, ow.com, and kamus.net. currently the founder and chief executive officer loket (acquired go-jek), technology company that focused creating the best experience for events and entertainments. the past, founded and architected number companies and web products including katolik.com, filesupload, dnorganizer, iconvert, parking-hub, circlemail, and openstub. lawrence samantha lawrence old-timer the cryptocurrency mining and trading world, dating back his computer science expertise had led him multiple companies such nationwide financial billion managed asset) bittorrent, inc (decentralized peer-to-peer network). cryptoworld still its infancy, and his drive make impact the right thing the reason why created several crypto-solutions such bitharga for instant cryptocurrency pricing analysis and honestmining, whose mission create trustworthy crypto-mining service that accessible everyone. tokenomy global token platform our team has been recognized various media outlets from all around the world tokenomy global token platform product acknowledgment tokenomy global token platform product acknowledgment utility token, the ten token offers several features that can applied various sectors, such as: crowdfunding: proposal and tokenization anyone the world can submit proposal explain more about their projects and has fair chance earn fundraising. with the ten token and the tokenomy platform, this can done within minutes. individuals, groups, merchants and companies that wish fundraise can invent their own tokens very easily with the help tokenomy. future, intended that these tokens may traded with other cryptocurrencies, and applied payment method--if there are merchants that are willing accept them. alternatively, these tokens may exchanged with products and services from the issuer. there are many options; the actual approach depends the wants the creator. proposal should include the details the tokens that intended generated before they can listed the tokenomy platform (following issuance). submitting proposal requires specific amount ten tokens. proposals that are paid and sent the tokenomy platform will carefully audited our legal team and specialists specific areas before being published for public sale provided that the proposal proven legitimate. the tokenomy team will provide full support and facilities needed the applicants during the process issuing their tokens. with tokenomy, applicants will not have worry about technical aspects implementing tokens. every process will guided our team. within week proposal approval, possible that your tokens could generated and traded the tokenomy platform. tokenomy global token platform the support and facilities provide for our applicants include: proposal overview and auditing process the tokenomy team collaborates with experienced and highly qualified legal officers from southeast asia countries. through our careful assessment and risk management process, analyse the prospects the proposal you submit. generating tokens creating your own tokens and going through token sale can long, exhausting process. here tokenomy, the process generating tokens intended fast, easy, and error free. handle all the technical aspects from the beginning until the end. you will not have generate your own wallet worry about cold storage, and the smart contract codes created for you are the best our knowledge safe and secure. using the tokenomy platform, you can automatically generate your own tokens, and can simply choose whether you wish use ethereum waves your underlying technology. tokenomy global token platform publication what makes your token better than others? why should people support your project? most importantly, why should investors spend their money buy your tokens? you will have let have the answers these questions detail you expect people invest. with us, you will not have create your own website. the website creation process easy for big companies, but for startups and small businesses, money needed for hiring web developers, paying site domain, hosting, security, auditing and regular maintenance; the amount funding needed can easily drain your available resources. with tokenomy, have will have pre-set profile page catered you run token sales. this page can filled and edited users promote their tokens, and also shows the tokenomy rating the proposal you submitted. you will receive your own profile page that accessible with subdomain from tokenomy. for example, your site could named and located "mycoin.tokenomy.com" and your token sale could and running minutes. you can even attach your white paper for public consumption you would able your own, personal website. marketing every token sale project will announced through email and mobile notifications all users daily weekly basis depends the individual subscriber preference. all projects will listed our website and social media ensure maximum audience exposure. primary market (tokens sale) fundraisers will not have have worry about searching for potential investors invest your tokens. you will not even have educate people how buy your tokens! you might have heard how hard buy token; when processes are overly complicated; new users can easily get confused. more straightforward, streamlined process allows investors install ethereum wallet and properly make transfer smart contracts. simply installing wallet and making transfers can allow most users participate, but can also increase risk, particularly for those who are not crypto savvy who are inexperienced. with the help tokenomy, tokenomy global token platform investors will able easily purchase issuer's tokens with major cryptocurrencies, such btc, eth, waves, and ten tokens. sum the process and services provide, you can see the following flowchart. tokenomy global token platform loyalty points mileage plan ten tokens are intended traded not only with digital assets but also loyalty points various companies. there are many cases where company awards its customers loyalty points when goods and services are purchased. however, loyalty points are usually only redeemable within issuer's pre-set limits. for example, alice has small handbag store that popular enough issue its own loyalty points, complete with exclusive membership card. order attract more customers, she gives out generous amount loyalty points for people that become regular shoppers her store. these points can redeemed and exchanged for various bags and purses. bob, one alice's loyal customers, has managed earn substantial number loyalty points. bob wants redeem his points, but doesn't need any more merchandise from alice's store. needs new pair shoes, but alice doesn't sell tokenomy global token platform them. bob however unable exchange the loyalty points issued alice's store another store which has shoes its merchandise, the said loyalty points may only redeemed alice's store. tokenomy, envisage the introduction system which loyalty points different issuers may interchangeable through loyalty points issuers' participation the tokenomy platform token issuers. the tokens they generated would represent the loyalty points that issuers would issuer their customers. the aforementioned example, instead receiving loyalty points that can only redeemed alice's store, bob receives alc tokens issued alice's store. these alc tokens can exchanged for other digital assets for investment and trading purposes, traded for other tokens that also represent loyalty points from other companies. hence, bob wishes purchase new pair shoes from james' shoe store (which issues jms tokens via the tokenomy platform and also listed thereto for trading its loyalty points programme), can trade the alc tokens received from alice for jms tokens. the same holds true for the reverse situation: holders jms tokens will also able trade jms tokens for alc tokens for the exchange goods from alice's stores. this can happen automatically, with just simple few clicks! the above applicable various schemes various sectors, for example, airlines' mileage plans, which are essential loyalty programs for customers who fly frequently with specific airline. mileage points earned from such programmes were tradable tokens the tokenomy platform, such mileage points could traded for the mileage points another airline for consumption. tokenomy global token platform tokenomy global token platform customized token you have business idea and wish issue your own customised tokens, are able this providing you with the facilities and support you need order so. the possibilities are limitless. cite example: budding musician beginning garner fame and significant fan base. the said musician intends release album, and wishes its own without being contractually bound record label. order fundraise for the preparation the album, the musician may consider generating and issuing its own tokens via the tokenomy platform the public which will accord tokenholders certain privileges, which could include access the musician's latest album, gifts free tickets the musician's live shows, exclusive backstage passes. the musician will able fundraise for album, and simultaneously give back fans (and tokenholders) for their support. this your dream. tokenomy turns into reality. tokenomy global token platform tokenomy global token platform secondary market (trading platform) you move through the tokenomy process and your primary market stage completed, your project will upgraded automatically the secondary market stage. tokens are intended available for sale the tokenomy platform. this exchange live and open for business all year long. users wish collect specific tokens will able purchase them with ten tokens. this will continue until the volume trading for such tokens reaches certain threshold; the threshold exceeded, new trading platforms will launched with new trading pairs consist major cryptocurrencies, for example: token btc and token eth. tokenomy will cooperate with bitcoin.co.id which already has more than million users their exchange. will login sharing that users bitcoin.co.id can immediately become investors tokenomy. with the large combined pool investors, may not difficult imagine and attain successful token sale. tokenomy global token platform cite example, bob, who owner new electronic store called sierra, wishes fundraise expand his business. creates token called the sierra token (sra), which offers sra-holders significant discounts when buying cellphones and computers his store. bob submits proposal tokenomy for review, and pays the requisite amount ten tokens review fee. bob's proposal reviewed and approved approximately week. bob will able list sra the tokenomy platform with its very own profile page that accessible with the subdomain sra.tokenomy.com, well the relevant material any way likes, and get free marketing asssiatance with his projects. sra would also available purchased with btc, eth, waves, and ten tokens. will listed sra/ten our platform. monthly trading volume reaches ten tokens, sra will also listed paired with bitcoin (sra btc). assuming that demand for sra and the corresponding sra price increases, investors that bought sra the early days when its price was relatively lower will have the options sell their sra for quick profit hold onto for later use. together with bitcoin.co.id, the biggest cryptocurrency exchange southeast asia, tokenomy aims provide platform which users would able sell their tokens anytime they want. compared traditional investment options wherein investors significant waiting period before they are able cash out their investment for profit, the tokenomy approach easier, faster, and more efficient for profit-taking. buyers can also become traders market makers that actively trade for daily profit, taking advantage sra's price changes. bob receives the funds requires, able build bigger store, and attract more customers who wish they want trade their sra for special discounts when purchasing electronic goods from bob's store. the following illustration summarises the above example. tokenomy global token platform tokenomy global token platform friendly, easy-to-use mobile application tokenomy also intending come with mobile application for both android and ios users which will available for google play store and the apple app store. the mobile application will make easier for user keep track new tokens that are being listed tokenomy, and allow you trade tokens online. you will required login after you install the application your device, using the same login combination you use tokenomy. the process simple but highly secure. users have option setting -digit pin number (or touchid for iphone users) afterwards speed your login process. with user-friendly interface, you can trade anytime and anywhere you want only with few quick taps and swipes. tokenomy global token platform tokenomy: initial token sale tokenomy global token platform what initial token sale (its)? its event which new cryptocurrency project sells all part its cryptographic tokens early adopters and enthusiasts exchange for funding. this has recently become well-documented way raise funds upscale existing product service. quick way bypass traditional funding routes gain access funds order speed development, which are much slower. its tranche its tranche starts january singapore time (utc +). its tranche open the public with special price for week only. the details are follows: with btc, you get tens there are only tens available for sale its tranche the minimum purchase for ten btc there maximum purchase for ten long the ten tokens are still available for sale its tranche starts january singapore time (utc its tranche ends january singapore time (utc ten tokens will distributed about january ten tokens can purchased with btc the following website: token.tokenomy.com tokenomy global token platform special condition for those who wish buy ten tokens with eth: the applicable exchange rate (as the time conversion eth btc) derived from coinmarketcap will applicable the conversion eth btc for the purposes determining ten tokens entitlement. every unsold ten token during its tranche will burned automatically the end this period. its tranche its tranche starts january singapore time (utc +). the details are follows: with btc, you get tens there are only tens available for sale the minimum purchase for ten btc there maximum purchase for ten long the ten tokens are still available for sale its tranche starts from january singapore time (utc its tranche ends february singapore time (utc token will distributed about february ten tokens may purchased with btc the following website: token.tokenomy.com special condition for those who wish buy ten tokens with eth: the applicable exchange rate (as the time conversion eth btc) derived from tokenomy global token platform coinmarketcap will applicable the conversion eth btc for the purposes determining ten tokens entitlement. every unsold ten token during its tranche will burned automatically the end this period. its tranche its tranche starts february singapore time (utc and runs for another week after its tranche the details are follows: with btc, you get tens there are only tens available for sale the minimum purchase for ten btc there maximum purchase for ten long the ten tokens are still available for sale its tranche starts from february singapore time (utc its tranche ends february singapore time (utc token will distributed about march ten tokens may purchased with btc the following website: token.tokenomy.com special condition for those who wish buy ten tokens with eth: the applicable exchange rate (as the time conversion eth btc) derived from coinmarketcap will applicable the conversion eth btc for the purposes determining ten tokens entitlement. tokenomy global token platform every unsold ten token during its tranche will burned automatically the end this period. ten tokens reserved company total ten tokens allocated million ten tokens purpose: held reserve tokenomy order fund future transactions and expand liquidity; partnerships required for future growth and expansion commision for affiliate program founders and advisors reward for the development the tokenomy and their continued long term involvement with the project used for bounty programs and community initiatives reward developers, entrepreneurs, strategists and community members availability: million ten tokens will released immediately for affiliate commission million ten tokens will locked for months tokenomy global token platform token usage there are main utilities ten tokens. these are all intertwined with the services provided tokenomy, meaning that ten serves critical part the whole ecosystem: discounts trading fees user will receive discount trading fees, both bitcoin.co.id--the biggest cryptocurrency exchange southeast asia with more than million users--and tokenomy's exchange, he/she holds certain amount ten trading tokens ten will the main trading pair for all tokens and cryptocurrencies tokenomy's exchange platform token purchase ten can used for token sales held tokenomy token proposal application submit application, the payment must made ten affiliate programs all affiliate programs will paid ten token listings external tokens can listed tokenomy's exchange paying for the fees ten tokenomy global token platform token distribution ratio percentage ten tokens for its tranche percentage ten tokens for its tranche percentage ten tokens for its tranche percentage ten tokens for community initiatives, affiliate commission, etc percentage ten tokens for long-term alignment interests affiliate marketing program tokenomy has affiliate marketing program for its its that commences january singapore time (utc +). user refers another person (the "new purchaser") purchase ten tokens using the aforementioned user's referral code, the said user will receive commission the form the ten tokens purchased the new purchaser. ten tokens received commission hereto will accorded the same rights other ten token. bounty program additionally, tokenomy also has bounty program that open publicly order promote our community and token sale. users who apply for this program will receive ten tokens for free exchange their effort running our campaigns, such as: twitter campaign, written contest, and bitcoin talk signature campaign. tokenomy global token platform the tokenomy token crowdsale runs between january until february and the bounty program will run throughout the crowdsale. for completing each activity, users will receive certain ten tokens. the number all ten tokens given out will calculated after the token sale ends. million ten tokens will distributed the approved participants according the stakes accumulated against the total amount after march further details about this program, can seen here: goo.gl/hwf tokenomy global token platform roadmap tokenomy global token platform quarter tokenomy will launch erc tokens named "ten" top ethereum chain. ten tokens will launched and are available purchase three different periods: its tranche its tranche and its tranche during the first quarter. quarter tokenomy will launch exchange platform facilitate various kinds token trading where any tokens can listed tokenomy token exchange and people can trade them crypto very easily. tokenomy will launch creating token services for public. people will able issue their own erc tokens using the help tokenomy, all the way from the technical aspects marketing. primary market for these erc tokens will available during this quarter. quarter tokenomy will begin accept clients that want token sales using tokenomy's platform. tokenomy global token platform aftermath tokenomy global token platform conclusion blockchain technology and cryptocurrency payments are growing incredible rate, and believe this will the way pay for goods and services the future. there are many ways grow your business the cryptocurrency world, and one the most popular examples participating token sale. make easy possible for all consumers, tokenomy, aim offer our users one-stop token sale solution that facilitates the generation customised tokens, and provide new opportunities investors and traders participate the cryptocurrency market. blockchain and the token sale system has grown become new standalone ecosystem that completely separated from the traditional economic system that depends fiat currency. with this innovative new platform, plan build new economic system that more equitable. with token sales, wide range individuals will have the opportunity nurture their businesses, get requisite funding from trusted investors, and receive payments cryptocurrency. aim help small entrepreneurs obtain funding through token sales without interference from other parties promote small business growth and create level playing field. participate our long-term growth and success story fundamentally change the world payments, crowdfunding and banking. get your feet wet joining the tokenomy its. look forward welcoming you board. tokenomy global token platform acknowledgments would like thank anyone not directly mentioned this white paper for supporting and assisting make our dreams reality. wish thank the entire blockchain community for supporting the tokenomy team over the past years. special thank you also goes out every user that has been loyal and patience using our services, work our way towards innovative and high-tech platform for the future. tokenomy global token platform references "asia population (demographics, maps, graphs)", data was taken from world population review, http://worldpopulationreview.com/continents/asia-population/, last accessed november "south eastern asia population", data was taken from http://www.worldometers.info/ world-population/south-eastern-asia-population/, last accessed november "population asia subregion", data was derived from the following website http:// www.worldometers.info/world-population/population-by-asia-subregion/, last accessed november camilla hodgson, "the world's billion unbanked, charts", taken from the website business insider uk, accessed november from the following website: http://uk.businessinsider.com/the-worlds-unbanked-population-in--charts--/? ir=t simon kemp, "digital global overview", taken from the website are social, accessed november from the following website: https:// wearesocial.com/special-reports/digital-in--global-overview world bank group, "the global findex database measuring financial inclusion around the world", the information derived from the following website: http:// documents.worldbank.org/curated/en/ /pdf/ wps.pdf#page=, accessed october rohini samtani, "hong kong vs. singapore: weighing asia's financial hubs", article was seen the following website: https:// www.cnbc.com////hong-kong-vssingapore-weighing-asias-financial-hubs.html (accessed november dennis brandes al., "deloitte global wealth management centre ranking (zurich, switzerland: deloitte consulting ag, mark yeandle, "global financial centres index (london, u.k.: z/yen group and china development institute, september imf, "asia dynamic economies continue lead global growth", taken from the following website: https://www.imf.org/en/news/ articles////na-asiadynamic-economies-continue-to-lead-global-growth november th, the information derived from the website aseanstats http:// www.aseanstats.org/wp-content/uploads/// asean_master_publication.pdf, accessed october tokenomy global token platform disclaimer tokenomy global token platform important notice preamble this white paper current form being circulated the issuer for general information and invite investor feedback only the tokenomy platform (the "tokenomy platform") presently conceived, and subject review and revision the directors the issuer, the advisers, and/or legal advisers the issuer. please not replicate distribute any part this white paper without this note accompaniment. part this white paper intended create legal relations between recipient this white paper, legally binding enforceable such recipient, against the issuer. updated version this white paper may published date determined and announced the issuer due course. please read this section and the following sections entitled "preamble", "disclaimer liability", "no representations and tat "cautionary note forward-looking statements", "third party information and consent other persons", "terms used", "no advice", "no further information update", "restrictions distribution and dissemination", "no offer investment registration", and "risks and uncertainties" carefully. you are any doubt the action you should take, you should consult your legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s). while make every effort ensure that the material this white paper accurate and date, such material way constitutes the provision professional advice. the issuer does not guarantee, and accepts legal liability whatsoever arising from tokenomy global token platform connected to, the accuracy, reliability, currency, completeness any material contained this white paper. investors and potential ten token holders should seek appropriate independent professional advice prior relying on, entering into any commitment transaction based on, material published this white paper, which material purely published for reference purposes alone. the ten tokens are proprietary erc token standard cryptographic tokens developed and issued the issuer function the native utility token used the tokenomy platform network the means value exchange, power the tokenomy platform and incentivise the keeper nodes the tokenomy platform network. "erc token standard" means the set criteria, (including criteria relation functions and events) developed the ethereum community, which has met smart contract blockchain order enable inter-operability across multiple interfaces and distributed applications. the ten tokens are not intended constitute securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment any jurisdiction. this white paper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment, solicitation for any form investment any jurisdiction. this white paper does not constitute form part any opinion any advice acquire, sell, any solicitation any offer the issuer acquire any ten tokens nor shall any part nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. the issuer will deploy all proceeds from the sale the ten tokens support ongoing development and growth the tokenomy platform, marketing, human resources, sales, and other operational activities. tokenomy global token platform person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment relation the acquisition ten tokens and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this white paper. any agreement between the issuer and you participant the sale the ten tokens the issuer (the "its"), and relation any purchase ten tokens governed only separate document setting out the terms and conditions (the "its terms") such agreement. the event any inconsistencies between the its terms and this white paper, the former shall prevail. the its (as referred this white paper) intended for, made directed only persons outside the united states america, the republic singapore, and/or the prc and may acted upon only persons outside the united states america, the republic singapore, and the prc. accordingly, you are not eligible and you are not purchase any ten tokens the its you are located the united states america, the republic singapore, the prc the time your intended purchase purchase ten tokens the its. you are also not eligible and you are not purchase any ten tokens the its you are citizen, resident, domiciled in, green card holder the united states america citizen, domiciled in, resident the republic singapore the prc. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this white paper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this white paper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. tokenomy global token platform the issuer this white paper does not constitute form part any opinion any advice purchase, sell otherwise transact with ten tokens and the fact presentation this white paper shall not form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. there are risks and uncertainties associated with the issuer and its business and operations, the ten tokens, the its, and the tokenomy platform. please refer the section entitled "risks and disclosures" set out the end this white paper. this white paper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not taken transmitted any country where distribution dissemination this white paper prohibited restricted. part this white paper reproduced, distributed disseminated without including this section and the following sections entitled "disclaimer liability", "no representations and warranties", "representations and warranties you", "cautionary note forward-looking statements", "third party information and consent other persons", "terms used", "no advice", "no further information update", "restrictions distribution and dissemination", "no offer investment registration" and "risks and uncertainties". disclaimer liability the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations and rules, the issuer shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this white paper any part thereof you. tokenomy global token platform representations and warranties the issuer does not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this white paper. representations and warranties you accessing and/or accepting possession any information this white paper such part thereof (as the case may be), you represent and warrant the issuer follows: (a) you agree and acknowledge that the ten tokens not constitute securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment any jurisdiction; (b) you are not citizen, person domiciled in, resident country the laws which prohibit conflict with the its your participation the its; (c) you agree and acknowledge that this white paper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment any jurisdiction, solicitation for any form investment, and you are not bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this white paper; (d) you acknowledge and understand that ten token should construed, interpreted, classified treated enabling, according any opportunity to, tokenomy global token platform tokenholders participate receive profits, income, other payments returns arising from connection with the ten tokens the proceeds the its, receive sums paid out such profits, income, other payments returns; (e) you agree and acknowledge that regulatory authority has examined approved the information set out this white paper, action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution dissemination this white paper you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with; (f) you agree and acknowledge that this white paper, the undertaking and/or the completion the its, future trading ten tokens any cryptocurrency exchange, shall not construed, interpreted deemed you indication the merits the issuer, the ten tokens, the its, and the tokenomy platform; (g) the distribution dissemination this white paper, any part thereof any copy thereof, acceptance the same you, not prohibited restricted the applicable laws, regulations rules your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions relation possession are applicable, you have observed and complied with all such restrictions your own expense and without liability the issuer; (h) you agree and acknowledge that the case where you wish acquire any ten tokens, ten tokens are not construed, interpreted, classified treated as: (i) any kind currency other than cryptocurrency; (ii) debentures, stocks shares issued any person entity; (iii) rights, options derivatives respect such debentures, stocks shares; tokenomy global token platform (iv) rights under contract for differences under any other contract the purpose pretended purpose which secure profit avoid loss; (i) (v) units collective investment scheme; (vi) units business trust; (vii) derivatives units business trust; (viii) any form investment; you are fully aware and understand that you are not eligible acquire any ten tokens you are (i) citizen, resident, person domiciled in, green card holder the united states america; (ii) citizen, person domiciled in, resident the republic singapore; (iii) citizen, person domiciled in, resident the prc; (iv) person who located the united states america, the republic singapore, the prc the time your intended purchase purchase ten tokens the its; (j) you are legally permitted participate the its and all actions contemplated associated with such participation, including the holding and use ten tokens; (k) the amounts that you use acquire the ten tokens were not and are not directly indirectly derived from any activities that contravene the laws and regulations any jurisdiction, including anti-money laundering laws and regulations; tokenomy global token platform (l) you are natural person, you are sufficient age and capacity under the applicable laws the jurisdiction which you reside and the jurisdiction which you are citizen participate the its; (m) you are not obtaining using ten tokens for any illegal purpose; (n) you have basic degree understanding the operation, functionality, usage, storage, transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology, and smart contract technology; (o) you are fully aware and understand that the case where you wish purchase any ten tokens, there are risks associated with the issuer and its respective businesses and operations, ten tokens, the its, and the tokenomy platform; (p) you bear the sole responsibility determine what tax implications purchase ten tokens may have for you and agree not hold the issuer any other person involved the its liable for any tax liability associated with arising therefrom; (q) you agree and acknowledge that the issuer not liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this white paper any part thereof you; (r) you waive the right participate class action lawsuit class wide arbitration against the issuer and/or any person involved the its and/or with the creation and distribution ten tokens; and tokenomy global token platform (s) all the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and non-misleading from the time your access and/or acceptance possession this white paper such part thereof (as the case may be). cautionary note forward-looking statements all statements contained this white paper, statements made press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made the issuer its directors, executive officers employees acting behalf the issuer (as the case may be), that are not statements historical fact, constitute "forward-looking statements". some these statements can identified forward-looking terms such "aim", "target", "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "if", "intend", "may", "plan", "possible", "probable", "project", "should", "would", "will" other similar terms. however, these terms are not the exclusive means identifying forward-looking statements. all statements regarding the issuer's business strategies, plans and prospects and the future prospects the industry which the issuer are forwardlooking statements. these forward-looking statements, including but not limited statements the issuer's prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters discussed this white paper regarding the issuer are matters that are not historic facts, but only predictions. these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements the issuer materially different from any future results, performance achievements expected, expressed implied such forward-looking statements. these factors include, amongst others: tokenomy global token platform (a) changes political, social, economic and stock cryptocurrency market conditions, and the regulatory environment the countries which the issuer conducts its business and operations, including singapore; (b) the risk that the issuer may unable execute implement its business strategies and future plans; (c) changes interest rates and exchange rates fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies; (d) changes the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth the issuer and the tokenomy platform; (e) changes the availability and fees payable the issuer connection with its businesses and operations the tokenomy platform; (f) changes the availability and salaries employees who are required the issuer operate their respective businesses and operations; (g) changes preferences users the tokenomy platform; (h) changes competitive conditions under which the issuer operates, and the ability the issuer compete under such conditions; (i) changes the future capital needs the issuer and the availability financing and capital fund such needs; (j) war acts international domestic terrorism; (k) occurrences catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts god that affect the businesses and/or operations the issuer; (l) other factors beyond the control the issuer; and tokenomy global token platform (m) any risk and uncertainties associated with the issuer and its business and operations, the ten tokens, the its, and the tokenomy platform. all forward-looking statements made attributable the issuer persons acting behalf the issuer are expressly qualified their entirety such factors. given that risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements the issuer materially different from that expected, expressed implied the forward-looking statements this white paper, undue reliance must not placed these statements. these forward-looking statements are applicable only the date this white paper. neither the issuer nor any other person represents, warrants, and/or undertakes that the actual future results, performance achievements the issuer will discussed those forward-looking statements. the actual results, performance achievements the issuer may differ materially from those anticipated these forward-looking statements. nothing contained this white paper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance policies the issuer. further, the issuer disclaims any responsibility update any those forward-looking statements publicly announce any revisions those forward-looking statements reflect future developments, events circumstances, even new information becomes available other events occur the future. tokenomy global token platform third party information and consent other persons this white paper includes information obtained from various third party sources ("third party information"). none the publishers third party information has consented the inclusion third party information this white paper and therefore not liable for third party information. while the issuer has taken reasonable action ensure that third party information have been included their proper form and context, neither the issuer, nor its directors, executive officers, and employees acting its behalf, has independently verified the accuracy, reliability, completeness the contents, ascertained any applicable underlying assumption, the relevant third party information. consequently, neither the issuer nor its directors, executive officers and employees acting their behalf makes any representation warranty the accuracy, reliability completeness such information and shall not obliged provide any updates the same. terms used facilitate better understanding the ten tokens being the subject the sale conducted the issuer, and the businesses and operations the issuer, certain technical terms and abbreviations, well as, certain instances, their descriptions, have been used this white paper. these descriptions and assigned meanings should not treated being definitive their meanings and may not correspond standard industry meanings usage. words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice versa and words importing the masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine and neuter genders and vice versa. references persons shall include corporations. tokenomy global token platform advice recommendation guidance information this white paper should considered business, legal, financial tax advice regarding the issuer, the ten tokens, the its, the tokenomy platform. you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional adviser regarding the issuer and its business and operations, the ten tokens, the its, and the tokenomy platform. you should aware that you may required bear the financial risk any purchase ten tokens for indefinite period time. further information update person has been authorised give any information representation not contained this white paper connection with the issuer and its business and operations, the ten tokens, the its, the tokenomy platform, given, such information representation must not relied upon having been authorised behalf the issuer. the its shall not, under any circumstances, constitute continuing representation create any suggestion implication that there has been change, development reasonably likely involve material change the affairs, conditions and prospects the issuer any statement fact information contained this white paper since the date hereof. restrictions distribution and dissemination the distribution dissemination this white paper any part thereof may prohibited restricted the laws, regulatory requirements, and rules any jurisdiction. the case where any restriction applies, you are inform yourself about, and observe, any restrictions which are applicable your possession this white tokenomy global token platform paper such part thereof (as the case may be) your own expense and without liability the issuer. persons whom copy this white paper has been distributed disseminated, provided access who otherwise have the white paper their possession shall not circulate any other persons, reproduce otherwise distribute this white paper any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit cause the same occur. offer investment registration this white paper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment, solicitation for any form investment any jurisdiction. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this white paper. the its (as referred this white paper) intended for, made directed only persons outside the united states america, the republic singapore, and the prc and may acted upon only persons outside the united states america, the republic singapore, and/or the prc. accordingly, you are not eligible and you are not purchase any ten tokens the its you are located the united states america, the republic singapore, the prc the time your intended purchase purchase ten tokens the its. you are also not eligible and you are not purchase any ten tokens the its you are citizen, resident, domiciled in, green card holder the united states america tokenomy global token platform citizen, domiciled in, resident the republic singapore the prc. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this white paper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this white paper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. risks and uncertainties prospective purchasers ten tokens should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with the issuer and its business and operations, the ten tokens, the its, and the tokenomy platform, all information set out this white paper and the its terms prior any purchase the ten tokens. any such risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business, financial condition, results operations and prospects the issuer could materially and adversely affected. such cases, you may lose all part the value the ten tokens. please read the following risks and warnings before deciding purchase ten tokens. should noted the following list risks and warnings not exhaustive. accordingly, prospective purchasers should not place undue reliance these statements. risks relating participation the its there prior market for ten tokens and the its may not result active liquid market for the ten tokens prior the its, there has been public market for the ten tokens. the event that the ten tokens are traded cryptocurrency exchange, there assurance that active liquid trading market for the ten tokens will develop tokenomy global token platform developed, sustained after the ten tokens have been made available for trading such cryptocurrency exchange. there also assurance that the market price the ten tokens will not decline below the purchase price the ten tokens (the "purchase price"). the purchase price may not indicative the market price the ten tokens after they have been made available for trading cryptocurrency exchange. ten token not currency issued any central bank national, supranational quasi-national organisation, nor backed any hard assets other credit. the issuer not responsible for nor does pursue the circulation and trading ten tokens the market. trading ten tokens merely depends the consensus its value between the relevant market participants, and one obliged purchase any ten token from any holder the ten token, including the purchasers, nor does anyone guarantee the liquidity market price ten tokens any extent any time. accordingly, the issuer cannot ensure that there will any demand market for ten tokens, that the purchase price indicative the market price ten tokens after they have been made available for trading cryptocurrency exchange. future sales the ten tokens could materially and adversely affect the market price ten tokens any future sale the ten tokens (which were not available for sale the its) would increase the supply ten tokens the market and this may result downward price pressure the token. the sale distribution significant number ten tokens outside the its, the perception that such further sales issuance may occur, could adversely affect the trading price the ten tokens. negative publicity may materially and adversely affect the price the ten tokens tokenomy global token platform negative publicity involving the issuer, the tokenomy platform, the ten tokens any the key personnel the issuer may materially and adversely affect the market perception market price the ten tokens, whether not such negative publicity justified. there assurance any success the tokenomy platform the value of, and demand for, the ten tokens hinges heavily the performance the tokenomy platform. there assurance that the tokenomy platform will gain traction after its launch and achieve any commercial success. the tokenomy platform has not been fully developed, finalised and integrated and subject further changes, updates and adjustments prior its launch. such changes may result unexpected and unforeseen effects its projected appeal users, and hence impact its success. while the issuer has made every effort provide realistic estimate, there also assurance that the cryptocurrencies raised the its will sufficient for the development and integration the tokenomy platform. for the foregoing any other reason, the development and integration the tokenomy platform may not completed and there assurance that will launched all. such, distributed ten tokens may hold little worth value, and this would impact its trading price. and when the tokenomy platform fully developed, there assurance will widely adopted utilised its target users. the trading price the ten tokens may fluctuate following the its the prices cryptographic tokens general tend relatively volatile, and can fluctuate significantly over short periods time. the demand for, and correspondingly the market price of, the ten tokens may fluctuate significantly tokenomy global token platform and rapidly response to, among others, the following factors, some which are beyond the control the issuer: (a) new technical innovations; (b) analysts' speculations, recommendations, perceptions estimates the ten token's market price the issuer's financial and business performance; (c) changes market valuations and token prices entities with operations similar that the issuer that may made available for sale and purchase the same cryptocurrency exchanges the ten tokens; (d) announcements the issuer significant events, for example partnerships, sponsorships, new product developments; (e) fluctuations market prices and trading volume cryptocurrencies cryptocurrency exchanges; (f) additions departures key personnel the issuer; (g) success failure the issuer's management implementing business and growth strategies; and (h) changes conditions affecting the blockchain financial technology industry, the general economic conditions market sentiments, other events factors. the funds raised the its are exposed risks theft the issuer will make every effort ensure that the funds received from the its will securely held such address directed the issuer ("receiving address"). further, upon receipt the funds, the issuer will make every effort ensure that the funds received will securely held through the implementation tokenomy global token platform security measures. notwithstanding such security measures, there assurance that there will theft the cryptocurrencies result hacks, mining attacks (including but not limited double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks and "selfish-mining" attacks), sophisticated cyber-attacks, distributed denials service errors, vulnerabilities defects the receiving address, the bitcoin blockchain, the ethereum blockchain, any other blockchain, otherwise. such events may include, for example, flaws programming source code leading exploitation abuse thereof. such event, even the its completed, the issuer may not able receive the cryptocurrencies raised and the issuer may not able utilise such funds for the development the tokenomy platform, and the launch the tokenomy platform might temporarily permanently curtailed. such, the issued ten tokens may hold little worth value, and this would impact its trading price. the ten tokens are uninsured, unless you specifically obtain private insurance insure them. the event any loss loss value, you may have recourse. risks relating the receiving address and wallets the receiving address may compromised and the cryptocurrencies may not able disbursed the receiving address designed secure. however, the event that the receiving address is, for any reason compromised (including but not limited scenarios the loss keys such receiving address), the funds held the receiving address may not able retrieved and disbursed, and may permanently unrecoverable. such event, even the its successful, the issuer will not able receive the funds raised and the issuer will not able utilise aftermath tokenomy global token platform such funds for the development the tokenomy platform, and the implementation the tokenomy platform might temporarily permanently curtailed. such, distributed ten tokens may hold little worth value, and this would impact its trading price. the loss compromise information relating your wallet may affect your access and possession the ten tokens your access the ten tokens cryptocurrency wallet ("wallet") depends on, among other things, the safeguards the information such wallet, including but not limited the user account information, address, private key, and password. the event that any the foregoing lost compromised, your access the wallet may curtailed and thereby adversely affecting your access and possession the ten tokens, including such ten tokens being unrecoverable and permanently lost. the wallet wallet service provider may not technically compatible with the ten tokens the wallet wallet service provider may not technically compatible with the ten tokens which may result the delivery ten tokens being unsuccessful affect your access such ten tokens. risks relating the issuer the tokenomy platform operated and maintained the issuer. any events circumstances which adversely affect the issuer may have corresponding adverse effect the tokenomy platform such events circumstances affect the issuer's ability maintain the tokenomy platform. this would correspondingly have impact the trading price the ten tokens. tokenomy global token platform the issuer may materially and adversely affected fails effectively manage its operations its business develops and evolves, which would have direct impact its ability maintain the tokenomy platform and consequently the trading price the ten tokens. the financial technology and cryptocurrency industries and the markets which the issuer competes have grown rapidly and continue grow rapidly and evolve response new technological advances, changing business models and other factors. result this constantly changing environment, the issuer may face operational difficulties adjusting the changes, and the sustainability the issuer will depend its ability manage its operations, adapt technological advances and market trends and ensure that hires qualified and competent employees, and provide proper training for its personnel. its business evolves, the issuer must also expand and adapt its operational infrastructure. the issuer's business relies its blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology, and manage technical support infrastructure for the tokenomy platform effectively, the issuer will need continue upgrade and improve its data systems and other operational systems, procedures and controls. these upgrades and improvements will require dedication resources, are likely complex and increasingly rely hosted computer services from third parties that the issuer does not control. the issuer unable adapt its systems and organisation timely, efficient and costeffective manner accommodate changing circumstances, its business, financial condition and results operations may adversely affected. the third parties whom the issuer relies are subject security breach otherwise suffer disruptions that impact the services the issuer utilises, the integrity and availability its internal information could compromised, which may consequently cause the loss confidential proprietary information, and economic loss. tokenomy global token platform the loss financial, labour other resources, and any other adverse effect the issuer's business, financial condition and operations, would have direct adverse effect the issuer's ability maintain the tokenomy platform. the tokenomy platform the main product which the ten tokens relate, this may adversely impact the trading price the ten tokens. there may weaknesses, vulnerabilities bugs the tokenomy smart contract the issuer will make reasonable efforts ensure that the smart contracts underlying the ten tokens are audited, tested and approved technical experts. however, smart contract technology still its early stage development and its application experimental nature carries significant operation, technological, financial, regulatory and reputational risks, there are inherent risks that such smart contracts could contain weaknesses, vulnerabilities bugs. purchasers ten tokens should understand and accept that there are warranties that ten tokens are fit for particular purpose not contain any weaknesses, vulnerabilities bugs which would cause loss their worth value. the event that any the aforementioned risks materialises, the issuer's business strategies, results operations and prospects may also adversely affected. the issuer may experience system failures, unplanned interruptions its network services, hardware software defects, security breaches other causes that could adversely affect the issuer's infrastructure network, and/or the tokenomy platform the issuer unable anticipate when there would occurrences hacks, cyber-attacks, mining attacks (including but not limited double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks and "selfish-mining" attacks), distributed denials service errors, vulnerabilities defects the tokenomy platform, the ten tokenomy global token platform tokens, the receiving address, the wallet any technology (including but not limited smart contract technology) which the issuer, the tokenomy platform, the ten tokens, the receiving address, and the wallet relies the bitcoin blockchain, the ethereum blockchain any other blockchain. such events may include, for example, flaws programming source code leading exploitation abuse thereof. the issuer may not able detect such hacks, mining attacks (including but not limited double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks and "selfish-mining" attacks), cyber-attacks, distributed denials service errors vulnerabilities defects timely manner, and may not have sufficient resources efficiently cope with multiple service incidents happening simultaneously rapid succession. the issuer's network services, which would include the tokenomy platform, could disrupted numerous events, including natural disasters, equipment breakdown, network connectivity downtime, power losses, even intentional disruptions its services, such disruptions caused software viruses attacks unauthorised users, some which are beyond the issuer's control. although the issuer has taken steps against malicious attacks its appliances its infrastructure, which are critical for the maintenance the tokenomy platform and its other services, there can assurance that cyber-attacks, such distributed denials service, will not attempted the future, and that any the issuer's enhanced security measures will effective. the issuer may prone attacks its infrastructure intended steal information about its technology, financial data user information take other actions that would damaging the issuer and users the tokenomy platform. any significant breach the issuer's security measures other disruptions resulting compromise the usability, stability and security the issuer's network services (including the tokenomy platform) may adversely affect the trading price the ten tokens. tokenomy global token platform are dependent part the location and data centre facilities third parties the issuer's infrastructure network part established through servers that which owns and houses the location facilities third parties, and servers that rents data centre facilities third parties. the issuer unable renew its data facility lease commercially reasonable terms all, the issuer may required transfer its servers new data centre facility, and may incur significant costs and possible service interruption connection with the relocation. these facilities are also vulnerable damage interruption from, among others, natural disasters, arson, terrorist attacks, power losses, and telecommunication failures. additionally, the third party providers such facilities may suffer breach security result third party action, employee error, malfeasance otherwise, and third party may obtain unauthorised access the data such servers. techniques used obtain unauthorised access to, sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not recognised until launched against target, the issuer and the providers such facilities may unable anticipate these techniques implement adequate preventive measures. any such security breaches damages which occur which impact upon the issuer's infrastructure network and/or the tokenomy platform may adversely impact the price the ten tokens. general global market and economic conditions may have adverse impact the issuer's operating performance, results operations and cash flows the issuer has been and could continue affected general global economic and market conditions. challenging economic conditions worldwide have from time time, contributed, and may continue contribute, slowdowns the information technology industry large. weakness the economy could have negative effect the issuer's business, operations and financial condition, tokenomy global token platform including decreases revenue and operating cash flows. additionally, downcycle economic environment, the issuer may experience the negative effects increased competitive pricing pressure and slowdown commerce and usage the tokenomy platform. suppliers which the issuer relies for servers, bandwidth, location and other services could also negatively impacted economic conditions that, turn, could have negative impact the issuer's operations expenses. there can assurance, therefore, that current economic conditions worsening economic conditions prolonged recurring recession will not have significant adverse impact the issuer's business, financial condition and results operations and hence the tokenomy platform, which would correspondingly impact the trading price the ten tokens. the issuer the ten tokens may affected newly implemented regulations cryptocurrency trading generally unregulated worldwide, but numerous regulatory authorities across jurisdictions have been outspoken about considering the implementation regulatory regimes which govern cryptocurrency cryptocurrency markets. the issuer the ten tokens may affected newly implemented regulations relating cryptocurrencies cryptocurrency markets, including having take measures comply with such regulations, having deal with queries, notices, requests enforcement actions regulatory authorities, which may come substantial cost and may also require substantial modifications the tokenomy platform. this may impact the appeal the tokenomy platform for users and result decreased usage the tokenomy platform. further, should the costs (financial otherwise) complying with such newly implemented regulations exceed certain threshold, maintaining the tokenomy platform may longer commercially viable and the issuer may opt discontinue the tokenomy platform and/or the ten tokens. further, difficult predict how whether governments regulatory authorities may implement tokenomy global token platform any changes laws and regulations affecting distributed ledger technology and its applications, including the tokenomy platform and the ten tokens. the issuer may also have cease operations jurisdiction that makes illegal operate such jurisdiction, make commercially unviable undesirable obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) operate such jurisdiction. scenarios such the foregoing, the trading price ten tokens will adversely affected ten tokens may cease traded. there may risks relating acts god, natural disasters, wars, terrorist attacks, riots, civil commotions widespread communicable diseases and other force majeure events beyond the control the issuer the its and the performance the issuer's activities may interrupted, suspended delayed due acts god, natural disasters, wars, terrorist attacks, riots, civil commotions, widespread communicable diseases and other force majeure events beyond the control the issuer. such events could also lead uncertainty the economic outlook global markets and there assurance that such markets will not affected, that recovery from the global financial crisis would continue. such events, the issuer's business strategies, results operations and prospects may materially and adversely affected. further, outbreak such infectious communicable diseases occurs any the countries which the issuer, the developers, data providers data consumers have operations the future, market sentiment could adversely affected and this may have negative impact the tokenomy platform and community. there may unanticipated risks arising from the ten tokens cryptographic tokens such the ten tokens are relatively new and dynamic technology. addition the risks included hereto, there are other risks associated with your purchase, holding and use the ten tokens, including tokenomy global token platform those that the issuer cannot anticipate. such risks may further materialise unanticipated variations combinations the risks discussed hereto.