forever free cryptocurrency exchange whitepaper notice you are not sure about joining into the following initial coin offering (ico), please consult with professional advisers the fields legal, tax and financial. legal disclaimer purpose the purpose this white paper present tokia and the tok token potential token holders connection with the proposed ico. the information set forth below may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. its sole purpose provide relevant and reasonable information potential token holders order for them determine whether undertake thorough analysis the company with the intent acquiring tok tokens. nothing this white paper shall deemed constitute prospectus any sort solicitation for investment, nor does any way pertain offering solicitation offer buy any securities any jurisdiction. this document not composed accordance with, and not subject to, laws regulations any jurisdiction, which are designed protect investors. the product token not digital currency, security, commodity, any other kind financial instrument and has not been registered under the securities act, the securities laws any state the united states the securities laws any other country, including the securities laws any jurisdiction which potential token holder resident. this english language white paper the primary official source information about tokia and tok tokens. the information contained herein may from time time translated into other languages used the course written verbal communications with existing and prospective customers, partners etc. the course such translation communication some the information contained herein may lost, corrupted, misrepresented. the accuracy such alternative communications cannot guaranteed. the event any conflicts inconsistencies between such translations and communications and this official english language white paper, the provisions this english language original document shall prevail. offer securities tok tokens cannot used for any purposes other than provided this white paper, including but not limited to, any investment, speculative other financial purposes. tok tokens confer other rights any form, including but not limited any ownership, distribution (including, but not limited to, profit), redemption, liquidation, property (including all forms intellectual property), other financial legal rights, other than those specifically set forth below. tok tokens confer rights the company and not represent participation the company. tok tokens are sold functional utility. according the professional opinion our legal advisors, based the howey test our tokia tokens (tok) should not deemed securities and not need registered securities. tok tokens are not securities. the user acknowledges, understands, and agrees that tokia tokens are not securities and are not registered with any government entity security, and shall not considered such. the user acknowledges, understands, and agrees that ownership tokia tok token does not grant the user the right receive profits, income, other payments returns arising from the acquisition, holding, management disposal of, the exercise of, the redemption of, the expiry of, any right, interest, title benefit the tokia tokia platform any other tokia property, whole part. tok tokens are not official legally binding investments any kind. risks and uncertainties the tokia platform not yet developed and subject further changes, updates, and adjustments prior its launch. such changes may result unexpected and unforeseen effects its projected appeal users, possibly due the failure meet users' preconceived expectations based this white paper, and hence, impact its success. for the foregoing any other reason, the development the tokia platform and launch tokia future business lines may not completed and there assurance that will launched all. additionally, down-cycle economic environment, tokia may experience the negative effects slowdown trading and usage the tokia platform and may delay cancel altogether the structuring and launch the anticipated tokia future business lines. further, should the costs, financial otherwise, complying with any newly implemented regulations exceed certain threshold, bearing mind the fact that difficult predict how whether governments regulatory authorities may implement any changes laws and regulations affecting future business lines, maintaining the tokia platform and structuring and launching tokia future business lines may longer commercially viable, and the company may opt discontinue the development and operation tokia platform. may not able pay any anticipated rewards the future. there assurance that there will sufficient engagement the tokia platform and that you will receive any rewards/discounts. the ability the company pay any reward you will depend the future results operations and the future business and financial condition the company. the case unforeseen circumstances, the objectives stated this document may changed. despite the fact that intend reach all goals described this document, all parties involved the purchase tok tokens their own risk. the funds raised the ico are exposed risks theft. the company will make every effort ensure that the funds will securely held blockchain wallets. notwithstanding such security measures, there assurance that there will theft the cryptocurrencies result hacks, sophisticated cyber-attacks, distributed denials service errors, the smart contract(s) the ethereum any other blockchain, otherwise. such event, even the ico completed, the company may not able receive the cryptocurrencies raised and tokia ltd. may not able use such funds for the development the tokia platform. such case, the launch the tokia platform might temporarily permanently curtailed. cancellation and refund all tok token orders are deemed firm and final. the client acknowledges that they are fully aware that they will not entitled claim any full partial reimbursement under any circumstances whatsoever. the sale the proposed tokens strictly reserved for experienced professional clientele, the client may not claim any right return against tokia. guarantee trading the company will use reasonable endeavours seek the approval for availability the tok tokens for trading cryptocurrency exchange. furthermore, even such approval granted cryptocurrency exchange, there assurance that active liquid trading market for the tok tokens will develop, developed, will sustained after the tok tokens have been made available for trading such cryptocurrency exchange. the company not responsible for, nor does pursue, the circulation and trading tok tokens the market. trading tok tokens will merely depend the consensus its value between the relevant market participants. note forward-looking statements all claims and statements made this tokia white paper, tokia website, press releases made tokia, also any oral statements made tokia team members agents acting behalf tokia that are not accomplished fact may represent called forward-looking statements. some these forward-looking statements may considered such containing the following terms: "will", "anticipate", "plan", "aim", "target", "expect", "estimate", envision", "intend", "project", "may", "believe", "if", any other such terms. further, the terms listed above are not necessary identify forward-looking statement. all statements that include, but are not limited any financial projections, estimates, plans possible trends, risks, well future prospects cryptocurrencies should considered forward-looking statements well. these forward-looking statements are not yet accomplished facts and tokia does not take responsibility and cannot guarantee that the future results will correspond with above mentioned forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements are also provided as-is and tokia takes responsibility for updating these forward-looking statements, should any information relevant the pertaining forward-looking statements become available the future. information contained this white paper should considered promise, representation commitment undertaking the future performance the tokia platform, tok token any other component the tokia ecosystem. table contents purpose offer securities risks and uncertainties cancellation and refund guarantee trading note forward-looking statements the challenges facing traditional financial markets financial markets cryptocurrencies vs. traditional financial markets limited global availability the challenges currently facing cryptocurrency exchanges insufficient compliance isolation from traditional banking trading fees issues with cryptocurrency wallets present asset safety liquidity challenges with cryptocurrencies limited availability fiat currencies introducing tokia tokia's product vision tokia cryptocurrency exchange forever free cryptocurrency exchange zero fees wide range supported altcoins wide range supported fiat currencies the tokia wallet keeping crypto assets safe low barrier for crypto purchases margin trading loans offline cryptocurrency storage the tokia debit card online customer support knowing your customer and anti money laundering security and audit conclusion tokia's business model business model revenue streams exchange fees margin trading loan fees debit card fees future revenue streams potential customers the tokia roadmap the tokia ico ico plan tok tokens tok token privileges ico funds usage executed ico token sale offered tokia word from the ceo live world where the pace technological advancement has far exceeded anything witnessed recorded human history. major milestone was reached the development cryptocurrencies the inception bitcoin. yet this also happened the very peak the global financial crisis find this rather telling. just the global financial crisis revealed the ugly underbelly traditional banking, with "too big fail" written all over it, science and tech pioneers were bringing into being new solution. crypto-currencies have the power circumvent, and thus reduce reliance on, age-old financial system whose complacency has not gone unnoticed. mervyn king, then the governor the bank england, recounted revealing exchange had had with senior chinese central banker: "we china have learned great deal from the west about how competition and market economy support industrialisation and create higher living standards ... but don't think you've quite got the hang money and banking yet". this statement true now was tokia not here fight the "greedy capitalists". we'll leave that the vocal pundits, who tend make for volume what they lack competence. instead we're focused building business models that are economically viable and sustainable. these are the key ensuring the stable and continuous existence the products and services depend our daily lives. this doesn't mean that we're afraid call spade spade: the existing financial services landscape needs challenged because simply not good enough. team and believe that now the ideal time for product that offers everyday consumers bridge the economic advantages offered cryptocurrency, one which well-developed, convenient, and most importantly simple use. this product tokia. anna lunhu tokia ltd., ceo the challenges facing traditional financial markets traditional financial markets are facing challenges unprecedented scale. most are overly regulated and too complicated adapt new technologies quickly enough. furthermore, existing giants have incentive adopt new and their eyes unproven technologies. them the potential gain appears marginal best, while the level uncertainty and the investments required are substantial. the result? more cost effective and efficient ways deliver everyday services every corner the world are slow arrive, they arrive all. what's most striking, and regrettable, that nowhere this decision making process are the needs users considered. traditional financial market players prioritise only their own potential risks and gains. financial markets the traditional chain financial service providers consists high number intermediaries. every middleman has its own cost structures, which means they each charge commissions return for providing the services required. these corporations have been using the same operating principles for years. there are two reasons for this. the one hand, the scale and scope these operations means they are not easily changed. the other hand, maintaining the same traditional business models convenient for these players. well-established financial corporations use their market dominance ensure their expensive and ineffective operations continue unchallenged. and it's usually their customers who pick the tab. two major problems arise due this lack change: firstly, important services become expensive for customers, for some user groups prohibitively so. secondly, limited number players dominate because very complicated for any new business enter the market and become equal player the ecosystem. combined, these two problems create sort lock-down the sector. the offerings brought the traditional finance and banking industry fail serve the needs significant part the population. however, new entrants who could meet these needs challenging the status quo are unable easily enter the market with new product offerings because the intermediaries involved are highly interlinked. where has this lock-down brought to? example that highlights the inefficiency and expense causes international bank wire transfers. using ordinary banking systems this kind procedure slow and complicated. what's more, the cost can easily exceed the amount being transferred, especially with small sums. it's service that brings few, any, benefits and lot frustration. but for many customers, this the only option available. but alternative possible. with cryptocurrencies and other blockchain based products the story completely different. critically important the fact that there are usually middlemen between the two parties making the transaction, just the blockchain itself. this fact brings two major benefits: takes seconds perform the transaction, and this time not affected how far apart the parties are. the cost the transaction reduced just fraction percent the amount being transferred. blockchain based transfers benefit both private users and businesses. for the former, makes possible transfer small amounts low cost. for the latter, they can rely blockchain execute substantial wire transfers clients partners fast, reliable manner that also highly cost effective. but there's problem. present, cryptocurrencies function fairly well asset, but remain virtually impossible use means payment everyday life: users have manually sell their crypto assets exchange, then transfer the resulting amount traditional currency their bank account. only when this transfer completed can they use these funds make purchases. tokia bridging the gap can traditional financial players provide the fast, efficient, affordable financial services businesses and individuals need? the answer no. they can simplify their front end operations, but the machinery behind still causes problems because the way structured. for example, someone making international transfer still charged even the transaction isn't cleared. make matters worse, will probably take long time for them become aware that the transaction has been declined, additional headache for both businesses and individuals. let's clear. traditional banking has been with for thousands years, and has done decent job stimulating economic growth. but now lagging behind. emerging technologies are already there and ready adopted, but failing these companies are both depriving their customers the gains these new technologies bring and making themselves vulnerable competition from new entrants. and these new players don't depend long chain intermediaries offer their products the market. blockchain might just the technology that will change how perceive financial and banking services; completely new ways adding value customers will emerge. cryptocurrencies vs. traditional financial markets effectively managing assets and providing safety times economic decline vital for any financial service provider. for hundreds years these providers relied precious metals, mostly gold, preserve the value assets during economic downturns. still widely believed that gold can withstand and hedge the risks caused economic uncertainty and political upheaval. the major advantage cryptocurrencies have that other asset class has ever had decentralisation. yet there risk inherent physical asset classes like gold. times unrest, these asset classes can break down because they are still attached physical locations like land bank vaults. contrast, cryptocurrencies benefit from being decentralised they are free from any physical location. there are known ways stop blockchain based currencies from distributing information updates, whatever the political circumstances. this means assets are kept safe around the world, around the clock. bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies are gaining increased interest from investors their immense potential becomes clear. the one hand, they provide the hedge investors need. the other hand, they're currently also great short-term trading resource because the volatility price. this makes them high-risk, short-term investments with high-yield potential, something every trader looking for. and they have the capability hedge traditional financial derivatives. this unique combination what makes cryptocurrencies true phenomenon. limited global availability one the clearest limitations the traditional financial system its inability offer accessible, reliable and affordable services people around the world. almost billion people lack access banks similar institutions. with very complex operations and cost structures burdened overheads, traditional financial service providers put hefty price tag inclusion the global economy. and the result? the poorest our societies remain poor. using the current methods employed traditional banks there simply way include them the global financial system. but potential solution this problem now available, and it's connected the fact that almost half the world now has access the internet. this important because access the internet means access blockchain based financial services, with their much lower costs and much greater efficiency. blockchain technology based information distribution through the web. this enables financial data transferred tiny fraction the cost incurred traditional banks. using bitcoin then, any other blockchain based currency, means payment has incredible potential less developed countries. the short term, tokia's strategy aimed increasing the adoption cryptocurrencies utilizing existing payment infrastructure stepping stone. this will initially limit our ability penetrate the huge potential market that currently lacks access traditional banking. however, our long term goal remains overcome this restriction and open the field global financial and payment services the next billion potential customers. this will possible when the adoption cryptocurrencies gains the critical mass required for native crypto-payment industry become both useful and economically viable. the challenges currently facing cryptocurrency exchanges less than years, blockchain has developed rapidly. new cryptocurrencies have been formed and the basic features the whole infrastructure developed. there doubt this market has evolved substantially very short period time. nevertheless, significant technical, legal and political obstacles remain which need addressing, with the later two especially important. what's more, because great number modern cryptocurrency exchanges were created enthusiasts, only small number them have the level technological maturity necessary for keeping assets safe. there are also major hurdles abstracting the complexity blockchain and cryptocurrency technologies and making them accessible for everyday users. final issue that there are very few convenient integrated products the market. these products are critical they can become single points access the market for someone wanting enter the world cryptocurrencies. insufficient compliance the main issue most countries have with cryptocurrencies their inability control them. despite their enormous potential, lawmakers and regulators are cautious when comes cryptocurrencies. one reason that they are commonly used way generate and transfer large sums the 'grey zone' the internet, thus avoiding taxation. so, avoid complicated legal issues, authorities are refusing support cryptocurrencies. the knock effect this make investors cautious entering this market because concerns over client due diligence, anti-money laundering legislation and other issues connected with the pseudonymous nature cryptocurrencies. isolation from traditional banking another key issue that cryptocurrency exchanges are only beginning discover the best practice needed keep their trading infrastructure secure from potential malicious activities. result, many exchanges high degree technical security breaches are still possible, well lack legal protection the assets involved. this one the main reasons why ordinary financial institutions are avoiding blockchain based markets. what are the results? due the reasons mentioned above, traditional banking institutions don't accept cryptocurrencies asset class, which means they remain unable provide vital financial services half the world's population. trading fees the affect the current impasse that sizeable fees remain applicable both parties cryptocurrency exchange markets. this makes trading costly when reaches certain threshold. tokia, believe that blockchain based, well automated exchange should have low costs and affordable all. once developed, the whole infrastructure always there. course, updates and new functions are vital, but the most important factor the ability provide complete set services. this means the cost these individual functions needs remain low. issues with cryptocurrency wallets present asset safety one the most important issues facing the market being able create convenient cryptocurrency wallets which are able keep assets safe. cryptocurrency exchanges hold large amounts assets, which both cause for celebration and for concern. these assets need secured from hackers, and the more assets there are the tougher this becomes. unfortunately, major breaches popular exchanges resulting huge loses are all too common. liquidity challenges with cryptocurrencies limited availability fiat currencies any exchange can offer usd bitcoin conversion. some are also able convert gbd and eur. however, the number people living countries where these three currencies are used barely reaches billion. this still leaves around billion potential cryptocurrency users unaccounted for, stifling the adoption bitcoin. introducing tokia tokia entirely new generation cryptocurrency exchange platform. understand what makes revolutionary, need understand the triangle convenience based on. fast and reliable currency exchange. secure integrated multi-currency blockchain wallet. debit card spend your cryptocurrency the go. tokia aims make bitcoin payments direct and easy for everyone, everywhere. tokia will enable users buy sell all major cryptocurrencies, and also the world's most widely used fiat currencies, order provide them with both high liquidity levels and maximum convenience. the three components create synergies with each other: multi-currency blockchain wallet enables users store and manage all their crypto assets that get traded the exchange and get spent via the debit card from one convenient location; direct debit card allows users use virtual currencies every day life, seamlessly converting their virtual currencies into traditional fiat currencies the moment payment; while the integration into fast and reliable exchange enables easy converting between multiple currencies stored the wallet, and offers seamless conversion into traditional fiat currencies. this combination enables offer features which our knowledge are not available elsewhere, e.g. users will able both convert their crypto currencies the exchange and spend them without having shuffle between multiple separate wallets, operated multiple separate entities. this smart integration multiple features alleviates the requirement plan the use crypto currencies advance and gives the user full flexibility and control when, where, and how best use their blockchain based assets. tokia's product vision tokia has three elements: wallet, exchange and direct crypto payment card. these elements interact simplify all operations and make them more convenient for all cryptocurrency conversions. introducing large variety fiat currencies, will ensure that the whole cryptocurrency world spinning faster thanks the increased liquidity assets. the exchange will also have built-in cold storage feature, making all you blockchain based funds safe yet easy access. providing the opportunity get into blockchain based currency important ensure the wider spread this technology, especially the parts the world where traditional banking systems can't offer financial services accessible all. with this product, tokia aiming bridge between the traditional payment infrastructure and blockchain based assets and currencies. tokia cryptocurrency exchange forever free cryptocurrency exchange facilitate the conversion between crypto and traditional assets, well between cryptocurrencies, tokia will offering exchange platform. will operate brokerage principle tokia will act exchange agency that executes the conversion based single aggregated exchange rate, which based the prevailing rates global crypto trading platforms. zero fees tokia designed provide the best terms for exchanging cryptocurrency. there will threshold cryptocurrencies you can exchange the tokia platform one month. this threshold set the amount tok tokens you own, with token representing worth exchange transaction performed. exchanging cryptocurrencies this monthly threshold will free for tokia token holders. wide range supported altcoins the tokia exchange will support conversion and from wide range digital currencies. expect this list include: bitcoin, ethereum, dash, litecoin, ripple, and other altcoins. wide range supported fiat currencies tokia, are committed supporting many native fiat currencies economically viable. want create the most convenient and accessible cryptocurrency exchange ever. order reach this level will aiming provide more than fiat currencies which can converted into ever increasing number cryptocurrencies. setting exact dates for the availability each fiat currency will depend demand from customers across all regions and the pace which are able put place the required banking infrastructure. our vision simple: give tokia users the ability exchange and pay many fiat currencies there viable market demand for. the tokia wallet keeping crypto assets safe tokia's mission provide reliable and effective currency exchange services everyone. our business model also has the provision the highest possible security its core. yet are still continually looking for additional steps make safe processes even safer. two-factor authentication will applied ensure greater security clients' crypto assets. this will give higher level control the protection your assets. low barrier for crypto purchases our goal provide easy entry into the world digital currency for everyone. therefore, want develop buying process that more complicated than executing simple wire transfer. this transfer would made traditional currency into your tokia account. when the transfer received, the traditional currency will automatically converted into crypto currency and deposited into your tokia wallet. margin trading loans all tokia exchange customers can earn interest their capital they decide provide other users loan. all interest rates will determined automatically, with the rate dependent time and the amount loaned the other party. tokia will collect small fraction the interest earned. offline cryptocurrency storage cyber security the number one priority the cryptocurrency exchange sector, course will using the very highest quality professionals for this purpose. top this, make the exchange seriously safe, cold storage the key. keeping assets offline storage, also known "cold storage", not something new. the issue this does raise convenience, all the other cryptocurrency exchanges also decide how much the capital they want keep away from online trading. standard, will aim keep our total assets online any given time provide the required liquidity the market. the rest will available offline with option retrieve them short notice. will always ensure that the amount assets online will sufficient cover the market needs for average cryptocurrency user. additionally, will also offering users the ability define how much their entire capital they desire keep either hot cold storage. this important they expect performing larger transactions that exceed the spot capital availability offered our default cold storage preferences. there will options regularly retrieve your cryptocurrency held cold storage, similar the possibilities offered other exchanges. tokia, however, also aim offer you the freedom quickly retrieve your offline funds when you need them right here, right now. this will make your trading and cashing out much more efficient, and also easier plan. best all, you don't need compromise security when doing this you inevitably will using other exchanges. naturally, there will small fee for rapid retrieval funds held cold storage. the tokia debit card there has never been easier way buy, sell and spend bitcoin. anyone, anywhere will able purchase major cryptocurrencies with tokia. all these altcoins can then used make purchases using your tokia debit card. external exchange necessary and the process couldn't simpler. one card, all cryptocurrencies instantly accessible for your everyday needs. paying with bitcoin will always provide the best terms for our debit card owners. plus, will offering variety promotions and other exciting opportunities gain exclusive benefits when you use your card. will ensure all card related operations offer the best possible conditions, and will announcing the rates offer early once our negotiations with service providers completed. like any ordinary debit card, you'll able pay for your groceries and your morning latte, and make online purchases using your tokia debit card. unlike ordinary debit cards, you will paying for them using the cryptocurrency that available your integrated blockchain wallet. you will able prioritise your cryptocurrency spending, putting you complete control. you can choose which cryptocurrencies and wallets you use for your savings accounts and which you allocate for everyday spending. there will also possibility you running out funds, switching from one currency another will happen automatically. course you can also decide limit your spending disabling this automatic switching, helping you budget effectively. and using you tokia debit card, you know you will also getting the best rate available. that's because you tokia wallet automatically selects the best exchange rate depending the currencies the wallet the moment operation. online customer support the tokia online customer support team ready deal with any inquiries. all issues and inconveniences are handled our team dedicated professionals. support will accessible online and via mobile, ensuring the necessary communication channels are offer when required. understand that continuous, high-quality support the key success, which why prioritise providing the very highest level client support. every user spreads the word about their product experience, and want this word-of-mouth communication positive, encouraging more customers join our community. will dedicate all the necessary tools, resources and people make this happen. knowing your customer and anti money laundering anonymous and pseudonymous use tokia services will not possible. all users will requested provide satisfactory identification, proof residence and/or other documents necessary meet all legal requirements. aml modules will integrated into the payment infrastructure offered tokia. that said, these measures are not intended make users' lives difficult. the goal here systematically improve the credibility cryptocurrencies fair and legal means payment. will use leading kyc service provider deliver our users fast and effective onboarding process. tokia entitled bring top level know your customer standards its business operations. what's also important note that the authentication process have designed intended avoid the shortcomings similar processes used the traditional banking institutions, where long forms need filled and then checked and corrected multiple times. this authentication service will offer maximum convenience, and the verification user information should take longer than hours. security and audit ensure tokia's ability comply with security requirements, aim conduct external security audit less than once per year. the scope such audit encompasses the entire tokia platform. first such audit scheduled held second quarter will also use independent security audits narrower scope throughout our product development lifecycle. our security philosophy based two main principles: creating reliable technology platform that has sufficient protection from external threats design. protection from the human factor through adherence widely accepted best practices. conclusion tokia project that aims bring bitcoin and other popular cryptocurrencies into your everyday life. present, the growing number people who wish integrate cryptocurrencies into their daily economic transactions still face too many obstacles. our solution simple: combine all the essential blockchain products and services, and integrate them into single debit card. this much more than attempt merely couple together different elements the crypto economy. takes cryptocurrency usage the next level bringing into the financial transactions make every day. believe that currently the crypto economy remains too isolated from traditional economic structures. this major contributing factor the volatility currently seen bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. while don't want pass judgement the benefits and shortcomings that stem from the frenzy speculation which currently surrounds the crypto economy, believe that cryptocurrencies are bringing incredible opportunities replace the outdated banking system, and the potential benefits they offer this way greatly outweigh those offered when cryptocurrencies are treated purely tools for speculation. believe the key step forward needed bridge the gap and remove the barriers between the crypto economy and traditional money, this will bring two major benefits cryptocurrencies. firstly, will increase their usefulness for everyday consumers, and secondly will ensure that bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies can leave their volatile, teenage years behind and move the next stage the "adulthood cryptocurrency." tokia's business model tokia's income structure based the different parts the platform offer. below are the main modules the tokia platform, followed the business model itself: online exchange platform: allows conversion between all major cryptocurrencies, and from cryptocurrencies into the worlds most popular fiat currencies. mobile wallet and exchange: convenient mobile application for managing and exchanging all your altcoins. debit card: next-generation debit card which allows you make purchases anywhere using bitcoin any other cryptocoins. transactions are instant, with time and energy wasted manually converting cryptocurrencies into fiats traditional crypto exchanges. secure cold storage: every user can decide how much their coins should kept cold storage. easy buy bitcoin: pay for bitcoin using your traditional bank account and get them straight your tokia wallet. business model tokia business model straightforward: enable our users purchase, store, convert and spend cryptocurrencies offering seamless integration between the block-chain based assets and the traditional fiat currencies. revenue streams exchange fees tokia will collect small fraction the value the exchange transaction fee for using the exchange. however, this fee will only apply tokia customers who not hold any tok tokens, tok holders who have exceeded their monthly free-of-charge exchange threshold. margin trading loan fees all tokia customers have the option earning interest their capital providing other users loan. all interest rates will determined automatically. the rate will depend the time and amount the loan. tokia will collect small fraction the interest earned. debit card fees any other debit card issuer, tokia will incur cost which has pay the traditional banking infrastructure providers for the use their payment infrastructure tokia users. these might include card issuance fee, card annual fee, and cash withdrawal (atm) fee. may hence collect debit card related fees order cover the cost burden generated the use debit cards. future revenue streams going forward, tokia also has possibility add additional revenue streams. these could include revenue from the use the tokia direct payment card, which would always subject fair use policies. the objective these fair-use policy based revenue streams would ensure that the cost burden maintaining and developing the underlying technology and organization that runs tokia operations shared fairly among all tokia customers all sides the spectrum, from occasional heavy users. potential customers tokia potential customer everyone who currently owns wishes own blockchain based assets and wants effectively utilise them means payment outside the crypto currency ecosystem. while the total number crypto currency users around the globe difficult assess with reasonable accuracy, the time writing this figure estimated exceed million and likely grow substantially the future. the tokia roadmap seed round lead private investors. eur) selection and negotiations with the payment processor started. technical talent attraction started. technical development unit founded. token sale started. platform setup with payment processing service provider completed. plan listed least major token exchanges. tokia authorization settlement engine (ase) ready for testing. mobile wallet exchange ready for use the general public. first non-test payment processed via tokia ase. shipment payment cards customers. launch the cold-storage feature within tokia mobile wallet. the tokia ico ico plan the key facts about the tokia ico: tokia token symbol tok token standard erc (ethereum) tokens issued tok company reserve (locked for months smart contract) tokens available for ico tok dec dec tok soft cap: tok dec jan tok feb tok feb tok mar tok the tokia ico starts december unsold tokens will burned smart contract automatically ethereum, bitcoin, litecoin and credit card accepted: tok tokens all tokens that are not sold during each round the ico will burned under the requirements the tokia smart contract. tok tokens that are reserved for tokia founders and team members will frozen for months and cannot sold, exchanged otherwise traded during this period. tok token privileges tokia token holders will eligible for several privileges. everyone who purchases tokens during the ico will prioritised the waiting list for the tokia card. then, depending the number tokens purchased, will waive exchange fees, issue and deliver the tokia card for free and offer premium tokia wallet features for free. tok token holders are also incentivised hold their tok coins, these will essential our exchange loyalty program. for tokia community members who purchase more tok tokens will waive the exchange fees for exchange transactions, whose cumulative value usd does not not exceed times the tokens held (i.e. you hold tok tokens, we'll waive the exchange fees usd worth trading per month). tokia community members who acquire more tokens will subject multiplier. free exchange forever the number tokens held number tokens purchased priority tokia card waiting list tok tokens listed exchange free multiblockchain debit card premium tokia wallet features for free upgrade your free exchange limit the number tokens held ico funds usage all funds received from the ico will used for the development the tokia cryptocurrency exchange platform. specifically: tokia token distribution funds distribution executed ico token sale offered tokia ico date number tokens token list price funds raised average token price paid price per token november price change since ico tokia tenx monaco june may december usd usd usd usd usd usd usd usd usd usd average price change after ico estimated consistency with market averages verified icostats.com november, central european time. prices verified coinmarketcap.com november, central european time.