table contents: introduction features specification advantages investing masternode coin: rewards distribution pre-mine distribution ico investment rounds and discounts introduction: tokugawa coin got its name from the famous shogunate that was beneficial for japan's history for about years. here comes the first japanese masternode coin for its users. with aim provide its users investors the huge roi per annum. all that the users have purchase coins and make masternode. users then get the rewards each block, for the pos coin. users cannot buy much coins, then they can buy any number coins and staking. staking gives the rewards each block. the coin developer and manage real developer, and not someone who just buys the coin code. this why you can expect regular maintenance and smooth flow transactions blockchain. features: tokugawa coin has coins every block reward. this split into coins) for masternode and coins) for staking. there single wallet setup option for both staking and masternode. this means that users not need worry about the staking rewards, the wallet does both masternode services and gives rewards for coin staking too. the wallet can used for multiple masternodes and all the rewards can auto staked automatically. specifications coin name: tokugawa coin. ticker symbol tok coin type: pow (%) used totally for pre-mine. now coin pos only! which very good for the masternode holders. pos hashing algorithm: scrypt coin inspiration from ltc difficulty retargeting every block max supply tok block time: seconds block reward: coins advantages investing masternode coin: early investors get coins ico stage cents per coin. this rate increases cents per coin stage early investors can right away start making masternods with the coins they receive. they can staking they have amount greater than less than are not distributing tokens ico, but directly coins ico. this why users can directly start earning before the coin even hits the exchanges. are planning getting the coin minimum exchanges ensure proper liquidity and proper popularity. rewards distribution: there are minutes day, which means there are total seconds day. divided seconds for every block, get blocks made every day. the reward coins per block divided into for masternodes(.) and for staking (.) further the rewards are distributed all running masternodes. the more number maternodes, the less rewards you get, because the rewards are distributed each masternode timely manner. coin distribution (%) pre-mine