tomochain building efficient blockchain infrastructure for decentralized applications, token issuance and integration white paper tomo team contact: long@tomochain.com http://tomochain.com introduction and motivation product development technical discussion market analysis tomocoin cryptocurrency token sale and distribution legal and compliance core team and advisors references summary: this paper, outline the motivation, scope, system design characteristics and product roadmap the tomochain project building efficient blockchain infrastructure for decentralized applications, token issuance and integration. this paper will also provide information such token economics, market analysis and the sale structure regarding the upcoming token sale tomocoin. introduction and motivation "...blockchains are new invention that allows meritorious participants open network govern without ruler and without money. they are merit-based, tamper-proof, open, voting systems. the meritorious are those who work advance the network. society gives you money for giving society what wants, blockchains give you coins for giving the network what wants..." naval ravikant ceo angellist //. blockchain industry and the infrastructure the internet value are being built rapidly around the globe, and many the atmosphere eerily similar the building the internet the late 's, with pioneers and dreamers coming together build new future. tomochain and tomocoin can leading part this phenomenon through seamlessly merging ecosystem social and consumer applications integrated with cryptographic tokens used millions mainstream users with unique blockchain infrastructure architecture, allowing for fast, frictionless payment and secure, decentralized, and trusted store value. the internet value understood phase when values and digital assets exist packet information internet via blockchain technology. these packets information are transparent, secure, programmable, and globally accessible anyone with internet. our mission leading force building this era, designing its infrastructures and working toward reality that will make knowledge, whitepaper tomochain whitepaper tomochain decentralization, financial independence, and opportunities accessible everyone, everywhere. our goal make tomochain infrastructure powering host multiple successful decentralized applications and supporting thousands cryptographic tokens from established small and big companies and make tomocoin one the most valuable and important digital assets for millions people. tomochain innovative solution the scalability problem with the ethereum blockchain particular and with all current blockchain network general. tomochain plans support horizontal scaling via adding more second layer blockchains with good performance integrated with ethereum network for backup and atomic cross-chain transfer. tomochain envisioned network chains that supports instant confirmation, near zero transaction fee, and smart contracts which will ideal solution for decentralized apps, token issuances and token integrations for small and big businesses alike. tomocoin will the protocol token that govern and regulate this infrastructure. tomochain will critical part the alternative financial system based internet and blockchain technology which more secure, transparent, efficient, inclusive and equitable than the traditional regime. the replyblock will the first consumer application utilizing tomochain blockchain infrastructure. replyblock aims build new decentralized social network with built-in cryptocurrency. this social network, each contributor role highlighted and rewarded; user privacy respected and micropayments are easy, whitepaper tomochain cheap and fast. replyblock approaches this goal focusing building q&a social site which network contributors are answering questions and creating valuable content. all q&a contents are publicly available create public library instructional videos and answers. planned that replyblock will have native token running tomochain infrastructure. product development tomochain development are working the tomochain, blockchain infrastructure framework, which open-source, high performance, nearly zero (economically) fee and instant confirmation blockchain that can process billions financial transactions per day. the current plan, tomochain designed public permissioned chain pegged the ethereum network. tomochain technically innovative and significant component that makes tomocoin and other cryptographic tokens issued secure, transparent and trustworthy enough store value digital asset. the current feature plan tomochain includes: proof authority consensus based ethereum codebase masternode and servicenode system second confirmation and nearly zero transaction fee for transactions support all ethereum smart contracts api supports for token issuances and integrations zero-fee atomic cross-chain transactions (between ethereum and tomochain back and forth) sending transaction within tomochain with nearly zero fee and fast whitepaper tomochain whitepaper tomochain confirmation mining, cashing and cashing out features based smart contracts node protection against spamming algorithm built-in exchange protocol and ico smart-contract templates decentralized governance application the testnet for tomochain available https://stats.tomocoin.io/ the demo wallet available https://stats.tomocoin.io/ the demo wallet available https://wallet.tomocoin.io tomo wallet our opinion, secure and user-friendly coin wallet that gives financial control back the end-users one the most important parts the infrastructure the "internet value". will bridge the gap between cryptocurrency enthusiast and mainstream user and possibly increase the adoption rate cryptocurrency -fold done right. tomo wallet shares the same backend infrastructure tomo application such tomochain, third party apis, decentralized identity system, coin exchange smart contract and apis etc. the planned feature set tomo wallet will follows: whitepaper tomochain will allow users safely store tomocoin, ethereum, and other coins and tokens ethereum tomochain. users will able safely send tomocoin, messages and other coins and tokens friends and contacts. apis for party bots and applications replyblock replyblock replyblock replyblock home screen account details whitepaper tomochain tomo tomo step choose contact step enter amount enter new address step enter optional note and confirm info tomo tomo transaction confirmation detailed view transaction whitepaper tomochain tomo decentralized knowledge sharing application this replyblock will the first social consumer application utilizing tomochain infrastructure. the beta version now available replyblock.com with thousands weekly active users and available for download the apple app store and google play store. the app characterized decentralized governance multiple stakeholders the tomo application. the app was able solve the problem building contributor's network designing incentive system that empowers and entices users contribute and work together build new knowledge sharing network. the rationale written more detail long vuong "the missing roles social network". software company coin holders reply block users contri- butors adver- tisers whitepaper tomochain the roadmap for product development follows: set price replyblock token for your answer your fans; set price for people watching your content boost video you produce using replyblock token create channel and charge fee replyblock token access your channel give virtual gifts replyblock token live streamers reward engine integration with replyblock token access digital avatar and masks marketplace driven replyblock token access private messaging system for secure communication technical discussion this section discusses some current technical issues behind tomochain, tomowallet, applications running tomochain and how they connect with the ethereum blockchain. ethereum platform limitations and the off-chain solution currently, the average confirmation time the ethereum blockchain seconds. the number transactions the ethereum blockchain increasing day day, from the first quarter rise and will continue its steady increase, with new applications and users joining the ethereum ecosystem the minute. the ethereum blockchain can process around transactions per second, equivalent transactions per day. there are some significant changes the ethereum protocol planned its roadmap, such transition from proof-of-work distributed consensus proof-of-stake consensus, which will potentially raise the bandwidth further. with conservative estimate million active users after the first three years operation, the tomo application's goal become first-class, mainstream application using cryptocurrency. this requires, firstly, instantaneous financial transactions within the app; secondly, minimal no-cost financial transactions within the app. with that goal mind, ethereum mainnet would not the ideal choice for whitepaper tomochain whitepaper tomochain directly hosting all replyblock financial transactions given that single app such the crypto kitty app can quickly slow down the whole network after achieving popularity. are designing our tomochain solution better satisfy the given objectives but also maintain the cryptocurrency characteristics tomocoin. tomochain blockchain infrastructure solution the scalability problems with building replyblock other mainstream applications ethereum other blockchain technologies general. tomochain public permissioned blockchain with integrated the smart contract functionalities (currently based ethereum code-base) which allows for nearly zero fee instant transaction speed with public auditability financial transaction records. tomochain opts use proof authority and build nodes multiple locations make sure the database highly secure, immutable state. apis for third parties will also standardized and published the next phase development. architecture overview below the integrated architecture replyblock and tomowallet utilizing tomochain infrastructure and connect with ethereum blockchain. whitepaper tomochain replyblock replyblock replyblock social network with native cryptocurrency. replyblock uses microservice architecture flexible and extendable. the storage layer, replyblock uses several type databases satisfy requirements from specific functionalities. microservice there are three main sub-trees replyblock: user services: this tree serves functionalities related users and this tree will work for both replyblock and whitepaper tomochain tomowallet; ii) social services: this tree serves social functionalities such comment, like, feed, notification; iii) question services: this tree serves functionalities such question, answer, post and post ranking. depending future upgrades the application, there will additional new sub-trees. databases, cache, and message queue replyblock uses nosql database which operates master-slave model maintain high-performance. sharding techniques are used both database and application layer ensure read and write high speed level. replyblock uses cache multiple layers the system such client-side (mobile application, web browser), webserver, server-side, database. besides reading and writing databases, replyblock deals with natural language processing, ranking algorithm and use message queues such kafka, rabbitmq deal with non-concurrent processing. search and recommendation search very important part replyblock. pre-process the data and serve data search databases such elasticsearch and apache solr. recommendation services connect users and experts questions and answers they are interested in. replyblock uses natural language processing techniques and graph databases such neoj deliver suggested content and related topics. whitepaper tomochain artificial intelligence will using for number functions within the replyblock such as: optimization personal feed based public profiles and activities; ii) optimization suggestions people follow and content; iii) spam and fraud detection and iv) image and video recognition. commit only using publicly available information the replyblock improve the user experience, while maintaining the privacy any personal and private communications within the network. take advantage available and powerful tools for such tensor flow, scikit-learn, inception etc. blockchain and smart contract replyblock reward engine will emit coins users based the contribution users the network. financial transaction will hashed and stored blockchain ensure the security and transparency the data and maintain high level trust. replyblock works with two chains: the first one the ethereum blockchain which will used issue erc- token and allow users sell and buy tokens via third party exchanges. the second side chain (tomochain) that will host all financial transaction within replyblock. both the sidechain and the reward engine will interact via our smart contracts. whitepaper tomochain reward engine and contributor score replyblock will reserve part the token supply for the reward engine's emission over the year. the process mimics bitcoin block rewards that fixed interval, the reward engine will emit predetermined amount token replyblock users based their relative contributions the application, hence the process called proof contribution. published algorithm will calculate the relative contributions based the quality contents the given period based factors such number likes, number comments weighted the contributor score (c-score) users performing such actions. new users replyblock will have equal starting c-score and their c-score will increase and accumulate over time based the relative amount contributions he/ she gives the network. example: the replyblock has three users a,b,c and the corresponding c-scores are x,y,z. the current interval, contributes answer, contributes answer and contributes answer the network. assuming c's answer liked and b's answer liked a's answer liked the relative calculated contributions a,b and the current interval are and x+y respectively and the payout coin a,b and will given accordingly. c-scores a,b,c will also increase the same amount after the current interval. will publish separate paper reward engine and c-score implementation for public viewing and commenting before deploying the solution the mainnet later date. will later used aid the process make the proof contribution fair whitepaper tomochain and cheat-resistant. the updated c-score for contributors each interval will input the payout smart contract automate the coin reward payout. the process illustrated via diagram below. step replyblock backend calls reward engine function reward engine smart contract tomochain. step based the calculated results, rewardengine smart contract sends the payouts users. step replyblock backend catch reward event and send notifications users and resulting payout will appear tomowallet. replyblock whitepaper tomochain step replyblock backend call transfer function rewardengine smart contract ethereum. step replyblock token will transferred tomowallet address and users can cash this out. users and authentication tomowallet and replyblock will share identity database that users can use the same account login applications. there will published apis for third parties use the same service. tomochain development will create secure and decentralized identity service for tomo network. public/ private key and passphrase the tomowallet allows users control and use multiple addresses. the addresses could from different blockchains such tomochain, bitcoin, ethereum. private key will encrypted with passphrase and saved both client and server. the process encrypting and de-encrypting will stay only the client side. therefore, one has access the private key without the passphrase. users change devices, users will need use the passphrase synchronize the data and access their whitepaper tomochain accounts. the security digital assets from users very important us. are using bip and bip generate random passphrase and ask users save the passphrase securely. tomowallet backend tomowallet has separate backend following microservice architecture. this backend collects data from blockchain for analysis and serves features such notification, message, feed etc. financial transactions will not through this backend but will through tomochain maintain security and transparency the highest level. sdk and apis the tomowallet allows third parties use its infrastructure and user's graph. third parties can use the open source sdk provided tomo use the standard apis using restful and swagger documents. tomowallet also provides webhooks multiple levels the third parties. whitepaper tomochain instant messaging and code messaging important communication function tomowallet. use client encryption and peer peer communication protocol allowing messages pass between users not through tomowallet's servers. codes the chosen interface for tomowallet transactions and micropayments. cash and cash out users can use replyblock token for many services within replyblock and tomowallet. users can use replyblock token ethereum and transfer replyblock. the process done via smart contract described below: users can use replyblock token ethereum and tomochain whitepaper tomochain step tomowallet creates tomocoin transfer transaction ethereum step replyblock token deposited user's wallet using cash-in smart contract ethereum step tomowallet backend receives event from ethereum blockchain step tomowallet backend calls cash-in smart contract tomochain step cash-in smart contract transfer replyblock token user's wallet tomochain step replyblock token appears tomowallet and replyblock users can also use tomowallet withdraw replyblock token. this process has six steps described below: users can also use tomowallet withdraw replyblock token whitepaper tomochain step tomowallet creates replyblock token transfer transaction tomochain step replyblock token will transferred from user's wallet cash-out smart contract step tomowallet backend receives event from tomochain step tomowallet backend call cash-out function cash-out smart contract ethereum step cash-out smart contract transfers replyblock token user's wallet ethereum step replyblock token appears user's ethereum wallet tomochain tomowallet and replyblock utilize tomochain infrastructure and aim reach the highest level performance for internet consumer applications which requires very low transaction fee and very fast transaction speeds. the same time, transparency, security and value tomocoin and other tokens tomochain are paramount importance us. tomochain allows for nearly zero fee transaction and and very high transaction speed, the same time supports public auditability all financial transaction records. tomochain will also interact with ethereum public blockchain via smart contracts allowing for token interoperability between tomochain and ethereum public blockchain. planned that tomochain will also use tomocoin protocol token govern and regulate the infrastructure which will create demand for tomocoin from other third party utilizing tomochain. technical paper whitepaper tomochain tomochain, the governance system and its the economics will published when the chain design completed. the official launch tomochain planned for the third quarter proof authority proof authority (poa), all node validators are chosen based collaboration between parties. poa consensus suitable for organization who want build transparent blockchain supporting external auditability but control who can join the node network (permissioned public blockchain). tomochain opts use poa and build nodes multiple locations make sure the database highly secure, immutable state. the future, other organizations wants utilize this architecture can join partner and and operator tomochain. kovan open-source based ethereum codebase and developed parity. kovan using poa, however parity only allows selective partners join the network. consequently, ethereum foundation created rinkerby testnet, also using poa and allowing wider range partners join. tomo plans use ethereum-based, poa consensus build customized tomochain. this good choice given the level maturity documents, code bases, smart contracts within the ethereum ecosystem. market analysis the paper vision the internet value", long vuong points out there are seven dimensions new money technology: transparency anonymity; efficiency; security counterfeiting risk; accessibility; decentralization trust independence; programmability; and acceptability. tomocoin can become the cryptocurrency choice for certain class end-user tomocoin can the best its class certain dimension, tomocoin can accrue unique combination characteristics that appeals subset end-users. being the native cryptocurrency tomochain, tomocoin will the reserve cryptocurrency with all the third-party apps running tomochain. being the protocol token for the tomochain infrastructure, tomocoin will needed all the parties utilising tomochain build applications issue and integrate cryptographic tokens into their applications. research and development work the security and the tomo wallet; and the efficiency, programmability, and security tomochain will further improve the value tomocoin the future. tomochain public blockchain protocol comparable other public blockchain such as: icon, poa network, eos etc... whitepaper tomochain tomocoin cryptocurrency "...tokens are breakthrough open network design that enable: the creation open, decentralized networks that combine the best architectural properties open and proprietary networks, and new ways incentivize open network participants, including users, developers, investors, and service providers. enabling the development new open networks, tokens could help reverse the centralization the internet, thereby keeping accessible, vibrant and fair, and resulting greater innovation..." chris dixon investor and researcher venture //. general characteristic tomocoin cryptocurrency fixed supply, consequently long-term and non-inflationary. like other cryptocurrencies such bitcoin and ether, units tomocoin are fractionally divisible, fungible and transferable other tomocoin holder. tomocoin will implemented the public ethereum blockchain erc token. the erc token interface allows for the deployment standard token that compatible with the existing infrastructure the ethereum ecosystem, such development tools, multi-signature wallets, ico contract scripts and exchanges. the ethereum blockchain currently the industry standard for issuing custom digital assets such cryptocurrencies and smart contracts because its turing-complete language allowing for the writing and deployment complex whitepaper tomochain whitepaper tomochain trustless smart contracts such the issuance contracts golem tenx digital tokens etc. these features and active ecosystem make ethereum the chosen settlement layer for tomocoin. coin economics and emission rate tomocoin's price will determined the force market supply and demand. the fundamental level, demand for tomocoin will closely related with the popularity and usage tomochain infrastructure and d-apps ecosystem top it. later on, this demand will also increase with the capability using tomocoin for transactions physical locations. the supply side, tomocoin has fixed supply pre-determined the issuance day, but only percentage the total coin will released initially the crowdsale participants. the company and advisor's allocation will only released gradually based vesting schedule over several years. the rest the coins will released over years period the network contributors via the reward engine masternode/ ecosystem building program and other developer's partnership program. the planned allocation coin follows: coins going the crowdsale participants; coins going the company and advisors, coins going the reward engine masternode/ ecosystem building program and the emission will last whitepaper tomochain years around per year. after years, the initial coin reserve will run out but the reward engine/ ecosystem building program could continue from the network's revenues such fees from other services and applications. the collective coin holders could give guidance the options for the network move forward this point. the following chart illustrates the tomocoin yearly inflation rate toward fixed supply after years. coin supply vs. years coin supply- coin supply percentage the total supply years token sale and distribution omocoin supply fixed million tokens. the allocation follows: million going the token sale event; million going reward engine/ ecosystem building program and will distributed users and developers based relative contributions the network over year period; million going the software company which allocates the coin team members and advisors over vesting schedule years-period. tomocoin important several dimensions the tomochain infrastructure, firstly, tomocoin will used source funding complete the development tomochain, replyblock and tomowallet; secondly, tomocoin being used the reward engine masternode/ ecosystem building program incentive mechanism build tomo ecosystem and community; thirdly, tomocoin being used long term decentralized governance instrument tomo infrastructure that means will build tools gather opinions from coin holders decide the future direction including tomochain infrastructure, tomowallet and other critical services and applications; fourthly, tomocoin can used the native payment method within other third-party services and applications. have long-term commitment complete the product, engineering and marketing roadmap for the tomo ecosystem including tomo tomochain, d-apps running top tomochain and tomowallet. consequently, figuring out the resources needed get the works done effectively, estimate spend least one whitepaper tomochain whitepaper tomochain and half million per year over year period before the network can start have other stream revenues. the safe side, the company ideally needs eight million plan for years ahead. the maximum hard cap million the token sale structure following: maximum million usd worth token will sold qualified private presale contributors minimum million usd worth token will sold public contributors later date the actual conversion price tomocoin from other cryptocurrency contributions will calculated based the market prices other cryptocurrency the end the whitelisting period. the coins not sold out after the public sale will kept the company and locked for one-year period. the coins reserved for the team members will through -year vesting schedule. token supply allocation team, advisors reward engine token sale whitepaper tomochain the estimate allocation the proceeds from the token sale the following diagram: token sale fund allocation reserves administration/legal marketing/community product/engineering legal and compliance tomocoin issuance administered tomochain pte. ltd. reg no. singaporean corporate. are following the best practice token issuance such whitelisting and kyc/ aml. are working with reputable third party partners legal and financial compliance make the token issuance process safe and efficient for all involved stakeholders. there are risks the purchase and use tomocoins, which have outlined annexure the terms sale. please click here read the risks. whitepaper tomochain company and advisors tomochain pte. ltd. key stakeholder making the softwares tomo network available via its headquarter singapore and its engineering, product and operation team hanoi/ vietnam. key members the project are: long vuong "utopianfuture", project leader, linkedin, ceo tomochain and founder tomo app, co-founder and the former project lead very successful nem blockchain (new economy movement). phd candidate economics. linkedin son nguyen chief technology officer, director engineering tomo app. son experienced and accomplished technical leader, founder the blockchain developer group with more than active developers. master degree engineering. linkedin. advisor, more than years experiences finance, investment and management the highest level. director investment banking hcm securities.linkedln. tung hoang front-end engineering manager, co-founder tomo app. product manager, frontend engineer, open-source contributor. tung versatile engineer who get almost everything done the fastest time possible. linkedin. whitepaper tomochain whitepaper tomochain chance advisor, general partner coefficient venture, investors protocol lab and atrium lts, mentor alchemist accelerator. linkedln. shekhar bhusannavar advisor, general manager meed fintech and biz development director timo bank, shekhar originally from india and have more than years experiences biz development, partnership, marketing and financial technologylinkedln. min kim advisor, founder blocultural studios and head the bee token. previously chief staff civic, previously worked with tim draper and marketing blockchain initiatives. linkedln. roger lim advisor, director the qlink foundation. advisor for bluzelle, selfkey, the key, coinfi, fortuna capital, jet. experienced blockchain investor, and successful entrepreneur who founded and grew webvision, cloud hosting company. linkedln. antoine najjarin advisor, head strategy and operations devery.io, product verification platform. lawyer with experience working with the australian state government, and also studied under the tutelage renowned smart contracts security expert the whitepaper tomochain resolution the dao hack, bok khoo. linkedln. hoang nguyen advisor, engineering wetrust.io, decentralized platform for financial products. currently leading the engineering team wetrust advised renowned blockchain scientists such prof. emin gun sirer, head engineering bitgo, benedict chan and ethereum founder, vitalik buterin. linkedln. androklis polymenis also known "klee": advisor, co-founder cryptxo investment/trading group, cryptocurrency veteran involved with bitcoin and cryptocurrency since well-known angel investor and philanthropist his home country greece and europe. linkedin. references https://hackernoon.com/a-vision-of-the-internet-of-value-adabf https://medium.com/tomocoin/the-missing-roles-in-social-network-efbed https://medium.com/@cdixon/crypto-tokens-a-breakthrough-in-open-network-design-ebeef https://twitter.com/naval/status/ https://kin.kik.com/ https://steemit.com/ https://omg.omise.co/ https://replyblock.com/ https://www.tomochain.com/ https://coinmarketcap.com/ https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-.mediawiki https://kovan-testnet.github.io/website/proposal/ https://github.com/ethereum/eips/issues/ http://blog.enuma.io/update////proof-of-authority-ethereum-networks.html https://www.ethnews.com/ropsten-to-kovan-to-rinkeby-ethereums-testnet-troubles http://www.bbc.com/news/technology- whitepaper tomochain