global decentralized gaming community www.topc.io topchain tuo lian global decentralized gaming community topchain the world's leading brand the gaming blockchain, reshaping the game industry structure with decentralized concept create global de-centralized gaming ecosystem. through the topchain player community, topchain token and mining solve the current gaming industry dilemma that are dominated the giant and channel and build multi-winner decentralized industrial structure. the topchain system, players are entitled more rights trough token and able the investor, policy maker and consumer the same time. game developers can reach the players directly avoid dilution the ownership, and access millions incremental users the topchain community the same time; topchain platform relies the brand effect access the world's best game products achieve infinite loop value added. the birth the topchain means the change. topchain will work with all the game enthusiasts around the world establish global decentralized game ecosystem where everyone can participate, decides and benefits. topchian,open the new era the gaming industry three consensus topchain contents three core value topchain distribution topchain token create global decentralized gaming ecosystem team and investors industry problem :complicated process, low returns the gaming industry,"r&d----published----channels----players",complicated process and high cost, shares developers has been diluted thus low :copyright violated giants monopoly tencent, netease and other giants monopolies the gaming products and caused copyright has been seriously violated. players problem lack protection players' interest players the bottom the industry have low participation the games they play and power and speaking and their virtual assets are not protected. players problem security risk the server centralized mode server have security risk and hard protect the virtual assess the players under attack. above problems limit the development gaming industry. topchain applies the decentralized block chain technology gaming industry create the world's first decentralized brand. excluding monopolies and intermediate links, game development directly assess players and serve players. game players determined the success failure the game product democratically voting. monopoly companies. game developers game publishers topchain direct assess maintain equity channels players community game developer players topchin consensus investment certificate democratic decision making start topchain have changed the gaming industry because the three key innovations: topchain community, topchian consensus and mining. topchain consensus the establishment the topchain consensus needs initiate voting all nodes raise certain number topchain tokens. decentralized topchain topchain community topchain community consensus makes the game easier the and will prevent third parties dilute the value the products. decentralized gaming community that the foundation the entire topchain game ecosystem. mining miming will bring token the players, different from the traditional mining workload,topchain mining not only guarantee the entertainment essence the game but also establishes mechanism the participation proof. three core value topchain any decision the community, such whether the game online not requires topchain consensus the establishment the topchain consensus needs initiate voting all nodes raise certain number topchain tokens. the token needs for consensus will provided the originator, the remaining the player vote. start topchain three core values remodeling player value the embodiment platform value value r&d inputs topchain-three core values-remodeling player value topchain allows players invest, make decision, promote and consume, thus become the dominant force the gaming industry. ()players can organize their own product promotion activities ()players may use token transfer virtual asset different game products and obtain token benefit through positive game behavior ()players able become promoter the interact with r&d team game products and get and explore new ways token rewards. ()plyers invest token play. when the product the product on-line voting, not well-run, players have and share profit when the the right vote offline. game alive. thus players upgrade from consumers investors. topchain-three core values-remodeling player value under the current game system, players have low participation the game products and they have power speaking. they can only passively accept the overlord clauses monopolies and traditional structure players [(decision maker)] community consensus voting decided the future the product [(investor)] invest token get product profit sharing player consumers low participation power speaking [(promoter)] players can organize their own product promotion activities [(consumer)] topchain token guarentee the safety and freedom virtual asset topchain-three core values- value r&d inputs under current model, most game developers are faced with great survival predicament. apart from the pressure monopoly giants and infringement, bloated intermediate channels have greatly diluted the value the products. express players topchain offers express channel players for developers, operate game online, only requires developers and players achieve topchain common agreement the topchain community, there middle channel reduce product share. protect product copyright the topchain itself open the public and impossible falsity, effectively protect the brand copyright. users assist improve the game increases the number users and improves the quality the product with large numbers users join the community. topchain-three core values- value r&d inputs traditional structure game developers value diluted intermediate process low efficient promotion player player time and capital saving game directly assess players guarantee value community brand value game developers topchain-three core values -the embodiment platform value bridge between the user community and r&d team, the value the topchain brand reshaping the gaming industry, where everyone can win multiple ways trough decentralized technology. single company can dominate and control the platform was shared between all players and developers for free. everyone can promote the platform build new sequence brand effect decentralized top chain, removed complicated middle channel, build free economic system with "intelligent agreement topological pass". uses the way topological common view manage gaming products, order achieve top chain platform circulating its value. www.topc.io attract large numbers users uses high quality gaming products attract large amount users join top chain community, farther increase top chain brand value. start token name: topchaincoin (topc) topc the key medium exchange within the topchain ecosystem. the total topc billion, will distribute like following: distribution topc pe& angel investor team will use for the daily team operation and team members' salaries, released two years. ensure the worldwide infrastructure the top chain project and docking the game products the early stage, some the token used for pe. community mainly use reward positive behavior top chain community. when the product online, the developers will entitle tokens equal share capital based top chain consensus. community will also reward players and third party for its volunteer promotion actives. promotion mainly use for the promotion the early stage game products top chain community and top chain platform. including global fair, press release, players party and roadshow. www.topc.io topchain mining token will come from mining through games. the output rules will be:% token the total mining token the first year,% token the total mining token the following year, and token total mining token the third year then cut half each following year. mining output token will distribute directly the community terms smart contract, order reward for the positive behavior the community. start create global decentralized gaming ecosystem create global decentralized gaming ecosystem unprecedented global decentralized gaming ecosystem for everyone involved, everyone decides and everyone benefits. connect global players connect thousands games the world create worldwide game community create global decentralized gaming ecosystem topchain will enter japan, south korea and southeast asia market well europe, and other area. together with world-class developers and players promote topchain globally. create global decentralized gaming ecosystem topchain- premium global block chain brand will completely change the existing pattern for the game players. through topchain community, high quality game, multi-user topchain consensus mechanism and it's crossgame, cross-regional, cross-chain, cross-platform features, will show the world community that has deep interaction and binding between the games and players. while player get rewards from the game, the consensus principles the platform will protect players' rights; game developers can not only benefit from waiver the intermediate cost but also access large number high-quality users. with the widespread popularity and value topchain platform, globally decentralized game ecosystem that everyone participates, everyone decides and everyone benefits will stand from the crowd. start team investors drossos alafogiannis the greeks, economists, have many years experience finance and trade, founded number companies, has wide range influence europe. andre hammen hypergrowth consulting ceo, graduate the university frankfurt, has recognized mandrill mediaceo and has provided resources for several corporate funds dedicated guiding the business development and innovation the area blockchain. wicaksono blockchain technology developers, good language and framework build. very familiar with all kinds consensus algorithms such pow, pos, dpos, pbft, paxos and raft, and has participated the current open source projects. new game world www.topc.io