blockchain based social platform with your interests heart https://toqqn.com ______________________________________________________________________________ whitepaper updated: project abstract what why how when introduction toqqn problems vision challenges decentralisation quality the communities toqqn withdrawals toqqn platform mission privacy default ad-free social experience crypto the people project phases features rollout phase phase phase iii future project timeline toqqn cryptocurrency (tqn) allocation fundraising tqn value vesting plan for the team funds usage team mervik haums (founder, ceo) sujathan (cto) yaohui (senior partner, marketing) shiju (chief architect) amr gawish (blockchain developer) norma tracy (copy content) marketing, support advisors faq abstract what toqqn: the toqqn platform small step towards big mission give users privacy focused and ad-free social experience. well, users are rewarded with crypto every day, through new activity-based ecosystem. what's unique about toqqn that, doesn't intend store any user data, doesn't track you, nor does follow you everywhere with ads. why toqqn: when every single major social platform misuses user data for evil purposes, the relevance platform that doesn't store user data increases day day. the same time, want reach the masses with crypto, because feel the payment system the future. instead exploiting users who contribute our social platform, reward them with crypto. this gives anyone, from anywhere, the ability participate the crypto economy without any financial barrier entry. toqqn platform development: toqqn development using the best both conventional and web technologies. conventional systems are used make toqqn user friendly platform. the same time blockchain technology will adopted decentralize user data. want build social media where user data will stored our platform servers. this prevent any kind misuse exploitation people's private data. timeframe: fundraising for the project's development starts with private sale november platform development already full-swing. aim launch the first version our freelancers market place the mid next year and have fully functional beta the platform the end toqqn's freelancers marketplace will enable people buy and sell digital services across the globe without any restrictions. this adds enormous value the native cryptocurrency tqn utility (which would the primary payment method.) introduction according statistica, online statistics clearinghouse, the total number social media users projected approximately billion people steady increase since because the popularity social media platforms they are highly attractive advertisers. this due the enormous amount available user data that enables their advertising targeting effective. the result users are constantly bombarded with ads, both on-and-off social platforms. they are subject behavioral and demographic advertising and remarketing campaigns that hound them across the internet. one reason user data readily available because developers have given too much leeway integrating social platforms their apps the past. this allowed them almost carte-blanche access not only user information, but also the data user's contacts, with far-reaching implications. statistica: number social network users worldwide from (in billions) for users who want relief from relentless advertising targeting the solution move social media platform that forbids advertising. however, the expense operating social network not insignificant. this means that some other model monetization besides advertising necessary. while subscription model one apparent way monetize social platform without advertising (medium.com example), this model denies access those without financial means. now there alternative for social users who crave privacy and the reassurance their data won't sold the highest bidder. toqqn, ad-free social platform, powered blockchain the toqqn social platform gives users the free social community they want without giving their security and privacy. blockchain integration means that user information will stored our any servers. users are rewarded with crypto, through new activity-based ecosystem the total supply tqn (toqqn's native crypto currency) reserved reward users for their daily activities. making one's social activities the new crypto mining. part toqqn's mandate bring crypto the masses, interactions the platform (such posting, content shares and other activities like commenting, moderating), rewarded with our crypto, which also named toqqn. the overarching goal our reward program help bring crypto people who could not otherwise access it. according their activities, toqqn will deposited all user accounts every day. users can track their earnings via their personal dashboard, which can withdrawn their wallets once week. plans are also place create services marketplace where users can provide digital services earn additional toqqn and spend what they've acquired already for good. this provides true utility our crypto token. rewarding our users with crypto aids the adoption cryptocurrency cross-border payment method that eliminates unnecessary third parties. problem: when sign into social media now, our privacy lost. but what's even worse, have also lost all expectation privacy. like lambs lead the slaughter, meekly accept that will exploited every time log in. unfortunately, the recent cambridge analytica scandal involving facebook only the tip the iceberg. everyday there are new revelations unethical practices. have handed over personal data apps designed expressly scrape not only our own data, but also the data our contacts all because are eager for the dopamine hit get from answering silly quiz. apart from being subjected scrapers disguised quizzes and games, social media users are also bombarded with non-stop advertising. despite users not expressing interest particular goods services, they may still bombarded with ads their newsfeeds part 'lookalike audiences' targeting. even when users leave social media platforms, they have the unpleasant experience being followed around the internet with retargeting campaigns. who knows what additional personal data revealed when register with social logins websites social media platforms are free for users join, which helps explain their popularity. however, "free" platforms cost their owners billions server and security costs, development expenses and more. order recoup costs, and deliver healthy set financials their shareholders, owners ruthlessly sell their users' personal data advertisers. what should frighten social media users above all the centralization factor social media. much power concentrated the hands just few companies. facebook has acquired and merged with less than companies, including the highly popular social platforms whatsapp and instagram. twitter has merged with and acquired more than separate companies itself. clear that free, decentralized alternative platform that respects users' privacy, and disallows advertising time has come. people can enjoy the benefits wikipedia. list mergers and acquisitions facebook accessed april wikipedia. list mergers and acquisitions twitter. accessed april interacting with friends and family social media, without fear they will manipulated and exploited every turn just generate more dollars. believe that the solution the problem creating ad-free social platform lies the blockchain. our vision: the expense operating social network not insignificant; therefore, monetizing the social platform necessary. while subscription model one way monetize social platform without advertising, denies access those without financial means. have come the means provide users with access free platform where security and privacy are the utmost concern, yet makes the platform attractive for investors. order fund the platform and attract investors, have decided issue crypto token, toqqn. but this token will not only provide way fund our platform, will also bring value our users. part our goal bring crypto the masses, interactions the toqqn platform will rewarded with points which can exchanged for our crypto token (toqqn.) this will ultimately increase the value the token, demand rises which will bring new investors. challenges: decentralization the biggest challenge faced the toqqn team how completely decentralize our platform. our ultimate goal eliminate any user data stored our servers, thus completely decentralizing the platform, and ensuring that our users' data never sold hacked for profit. the first challenge that current technology isn't capable creating completely decentralized platform. will combine the best conventional and blockchain technology provide secure platform that does not store user data our servers. technology allows, will fully integrate the platform with the blockchain decentralize all user data. our plan run dapp accomplish this soon the platform stable. quality community content: order grow any community, the content needs top-notch. the challenge create platform attract user-base that produces great content that other users value and engage with. the ability earn rewards crypto powerful incentive for users stay engaged and contribute top-quality content. this ensures that useful, thought-provoking content contributed the platform, and the same time, attracts broad user-base. more users and content will also cause increase the amount spam that gets added the platform, intend overcome this the 'users are moderators' feature. withdrawals: because the cost involved per transaction, members will permitted withdraw the toqqns they've acquired once per week initially. the technology gets better intend make daily withdrawals possible. project (toqqn platform) mission: our mission create private and secure experience for social media users decentralizing user data. because current limitations technology, toqqn will built with the best conventional and blockchain technology. this ensures user's privacy respected, while helping bring the adoption crypto the masses. running the platform entirely the blockchain this time isn't feasible. the near future, will doing our best transform the platform entirely dapp decentralize maximum critical data, after stable build achieved. machine learning algorithm will work users' crypto rewarding system (an activity-based ecosystem). addition, plans are place create services marketplace where our users can provide digital services earn additional toqqns. this will provide true utility our crypto token, well help with the general adoption cryptocurrency cross-border payment method that eliminates unnecessary third parties. fees from this marketplace will also fund the platform. privacy default: because toqqn designed decentralized platform, user privacy ensured default. user data will stored our servers; therefore, user data cannot used any campaigns any other data exploitation. well, there zero risk user data becoming hacked for this same reason. ad-free social experience toqqn platform users will enjoy free experience supported sales our crypto (tqn). additional revenue support the platform will come from user fees for our marketplace. crypto the people: part our mission bring crypto the masses, users the toqqn platform will receive rewards points which can exchanged for our crypto tokens. this means anyone, regardless financial standing can own crypto sharing content our platform. well, platform users can earn additional tokens providing digital services our marketplace. are providing the marketplace aid the further adoption crypto payment method. project phases: phase digital marketplace the platform created using conventional web development technologies. users will able buy and sell freelance services using tqn payment service. the team will working list toqqn the maximum number exchanges. this will enable platform users trade their toqqns for other tokens fiat. businesses seeking digital services can purchase toqqn crypto pay for these services. the marketplace will enable these businesses obtain needed services without the complexities dealing with financial institutions and cross-border currency conversions. the marketplace will create real world purpose toqqn cryptocurrency. adding the marketplace provides toqqn with true utility value mode payment for services. phase development decentralise user data begins. also additional platform features such private communication added. all user data stored the blockchain only users will have access their personal data. phase iii decentralise user communication and the development digital services marketplace using toqqn payment method. future: after toqqn has achieved stable version, the next goal the team will the establishment mobile apps. the development team will continue focusing moving the platform more decentralised infrastructure. will also working developing ios and android apps increase accessibility the platform mobile devices. project timeline september initial brainstorming ideas, drafts, calculations, charts and intense discussions going long into the night leads the blueprint for decentralized social platform that rewards its users with crypto. january march project team group experienced individuals join the development and marketing teams provide the experience needed make the project complete success. initial timeline draft completed. june finalizing project details finalization the project team with highly skilled conventional, hybrid and blockchain developers ready tackle the project. details the project timeline are created. november fundraising begins toqqns' total supply will made available distributed during the fund raising. few private sale events will conducted during november december period acquire the funds for development. exchange listing process also starts during this time. toqqn marketplace would like bring freelancers marketplace the end tqn listed more exchanged during this period. toqqn beta toqqn's beta the social platform with crypto rewarding feature for user engagement scheduled finished with more stable version the platform. and growing user base. expected user base completion platform (phase decentralization user communications, well) fully stable version platform mar target user base strong. toqqn beta (phase toqqn apps, and other financial services established.. toqqn cryptocurrency (tqn) our crypto token (toqqn) will erc compliant token subset ethereum.) erc allows for seamless integration with other decentralized application the ethereum blockchain, well smart contract integration. strict limit billion tqn will created and this never increased. the listing and exchange submission process will started soon the fundraising finished. allocation: total supply: billion toqqns (never increased) acquire funding unsold toqqns added platform reserve. distribute the users toqqn platform. reserved for the team for marketing, bounties advisors platform's future development reserve. fundraising the toqqn project unusual way that only aim collect the funds that's necessary for the platform development. don't aim collect funds millions and hence only the total supply will offered for the investors. are aiming raise only cover the actual costs building the project. for us, the primary purpose toqqn benefit our user base decentralizing their data, and further the adoption crypto payment system. total million toqqn (tqn) will offered during the fundraising period, with goal raise least $,. investors will able contribute the projet from week november investors and supporters can secure tqn with btc, eth, paypal payoneer. toqqn price: toqqn's initial value during the fundraising set $.. price will increase per week from $.. investors will receive toqqns within the week after the fundraising finishes. later tqn can used utility, payment method buy, sell services the marketplace which comes phase the project. vesting plan for the team: make sure the platform fully built with strong team and make sure the team's committed the project, have vesting plan place certain the smooth run development and commitment the team. only from the toqqns allocated for the team will sent yearly basis core team members. this ensure stability and assures investors our commitment the project.. initial release: after three months: after six months: after one year: funds usage: the raised funds will used entirely for the development the platform. the funds will kept reserve deal with any emergency situations that may arrive. the raised funds will used for branding and other marketing activities. the raised funds will used for legal. the toqqn team our team has decades combined experience building and marketing complex web applications and saas projects. this experience and problem-solving skills brings strength and credibility the project. team members also have extensive expertise and experience with blockchain development. this team has been handpicked our ceo, mervik haums, ensure the toqqn platform user-friendly, stable and secure. mervik haums (founder, ceo) our ceo cutting-edge developer and marketing strategist with master's degree computer science. has over years experience building and marketing innovative software projects. starting his journey developer with projects, launched number revolutionary saas projects for the e-commerce industry the recent past. mervik has also trained hundreds aspiring marketers and developers through marketing masterminds. was early adopter crypto and very active the crypto world since mervik leads toqqn's project development well the branding and marketing teams behind toqqn. sujathan (cto) sujathan chief technology officer, highly-regarded computer engineer with over seven years experience spearheads development the toqqn platform and blockchain integration. started his career php developer and moved various front-end technologies according industry demand. spent years working developer for media applications. his immense experience both server side and client side technologies, makes him skilled and reliable all phases project. sujathan has served senior software engineer the industry building saas projects, high level web architecture and co-ordinating development and has long term association with mervik. shiju (chief architect) shiju specialist with years professional experience web and hybrid application development. shiju served application architect associated with yahoo media lead developer expert wide variety progressive technologies such python, nodejs, python, angularjs, viewjs; mysql and postgrey sql, and with application scaling using solr, redis and aws sqs. his experience with hybrid application development essential the development the toqqn platform. yaohui (senior partner, marketing) marketing expert, investor, and legal advisor, yaohui has worked the ecommerce industry for years. addition, created successful marketing strategies across various industries including crypto, e-commerce. also serves legal advisor several leading firms china and hong kong. yaohui has long term marketing relationship with mervik and has been active collaborator mervik's earlier projects well. amr gawish (blockchain developer) dlt blockchain fullstack developer, software programmer, gamification advocate, amr brings his previous experience middleware consultant toqqn. holds bachelor degree maths and computer sciences from al-azhar university, cairo, egypt. amr has created incredible software applications using many different technologies and infrastructures. impressively, amr has developed qualified applications multinational corporations such vodafone, oracle and more. norma rickman (copywriter/marketing strategist) norma holds bachelor's degree from gonzaga university spokane, usa and has years experience copywriter and marketing strategist. her copy has featured prominently number -figure product launches, primarily the software/saas industry. she recently completed her first crypto project. she believes the promise blockchain build better future for humanity does the rest the toqqn team. marketing, support team advisors frequently asked questions