tracto whitepaper mark kristov august, (v.) tracto whitepaper content abstract introduction cryptocurrency tracto what tracto? the technology the ecosystem community/merchants reward system international remittance online shopping for new and preloved items members trust based transaction technical solution components backend service token supply ico proceed distribution owners business strategy risks the conclusion disclaimers references page tracto whitepaper abstract with the unprecedented rise cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology, new opportunities are arising the field investment. the traditional type economy reshaping its form, the money will flow into cryptocurrencies, either for the speculative purposes gaining capital profit supporting projects that are built decentralised platforms. importantly, individual investors with little knowledge cryptocurrency content not want miss opportunities. introduction the economic model that many governments the world deploy know, are heavily flawed. the citizens are made pay the price for something that beyond their control. the citizens the other hand prior cryptocurrencies, not have much choice but continue using the legal tender provided the government. real information provided them about the total supply, deflationary inflationary figures and even the validity the statistics provided the governments are question. people the other hand; contribute the economy country, using the country specific currency their daily trades. without the daily trades, there real value the currency. questions should also asked any governments are backing the currencies with any real assets like gold which used the case. cryptocurrency there are more than new cryptocurrencies and assets created which are traded daily. some have proven have gained trust and support among people the community, whereas some have ended "pump and dump" territory. still, when analysing the price movement cryptocurrencies and assets the first half the average yields achieved was much and only limited number coins yielded negative returns. however, returns can misleading and expertise the investment field well understanding crypto coin content needed gain optimal exposure into the crypto investment universe. cryptocurrencies are evolving investment assets that should not overlooked investors who are willing diversify their portfolio. therefore, assets from the new economy are serving natural hedge they are disconnected from the traditional market and represent alternative. cryptocurrencies can split into least two types assets: one group consists pioneer currencies based blockchain technology such bitcoin. this type digital asset serves alternative for the transfer wealth across the globe, being fully transparent, secure and effective. the second group consists "app tokens" that are more reminiscent traditional company shares/securities that can seen ethereum (with erc) where the company acts decentralised autonomous organisation. such organisations have been growing exponentially the last year the community perceives the new economy similar the sharing economy. page tracto whitepaper believe that the second group cryptocurrencies, better known "tokens", with the help smart contracts such the ones used ethereum erc, will replace the traditional way payment for products and services even beyond just financial transactions. growing interest such assets may promise something big, perhaps revolution similar the one the internet provided the early coincidence that cryptocurrencies especially those running erc are coined internet the early there wasn't option invest service such the internet. now, believe the best time ride the wave and not left behind diversifying traditional assets via investment vehicle cryptocurrencies. tracto what tracto? envisioned new cryptocurrency that can used everywhere peer-to-peer community that serves the need the community itself fulfilling their daily demands. call our coin: tracto technology for rapid anonymous coin (crypto) transaction organisation. the plan that can used for daily transactions, with low fees, and hassle free for our users who value their privacy. initial target market users for tracto the asian market; then moving globally. the benchmark that have set for tracto is: secure: users are able use without doubting the security the platform. anonymous: users are assured that all tracto transactions are completely compliant with the ethereum platform. fast transactions: transactions are fast with confirmation transaction happening within few seconds. the technology while historically, tracto had its own blockchain with the increasing pressure from authorities globally for know your customers (kyc) and ease the creation the new decentralised applications running blockchain, have decided migrate tracto ethereum erc. tracto now erc compliant cryptocurrency running private ethereum blockchain. the plan list tracto few exchanges the near future and will introduced public ethereum blockchain just before being listed. ethereum decentralised platform that runs smart contracts: applications that runs exactly programmed without any possibility downtime, censorship, fraud third-party interference. the ethereum protocol and blockchain there price for each operation. the general idea is, page tracto whitepaper order have things transferred executed the network, you have consume burn gas. the cryptocurrency called ether and used pay for computation time and for transaction fees. ethereum based coins rely well-established ethereum infrastructure, benefiting from several advantages: security and predictability; use robust and well-supported clients (ethereum-based coins can managed with official ethereum clients); easier listing exchanges with infrastructure are already place; ethereum smart contracts enable very transparent and secure way profit-sharing among the coin holders. ethereum differs from bitcoin main ways: ethereum the block time set seconds compared bitcoins minutes. this allows for faster transaction times. ethereum has slightly different economic model than bitcoin. ethereum has different method for costing transactions depending their computational complexity, bandwidth use and storage needs. bitcoin transactions compete equally with each other. ethereum has its own turing complete internal code. ethereum was crowd funded whilst bitcoin was released and early miners own most the coins that will ever mined. ethereum discourages centralised pool mining through its ghost protocol rewarding stale blocks. ethereum uses memory hard hashing algorithm called ethash that mitigates against the use asics and encourages decentralised mining individuals using their gpu's. tracto ecosystem the real value any currency the number its users and the usage the currency their daily lives and the volume the transactions. this what truly believe tracto. most the successful digital communities are based social networking and common interest such content sharing, entertainment and ecommerce. the case tracto, privileged member, the common binding interest international exchanges among members with the use cryptocurrencies. the exchanges can the form international remittance, ecommerce, and possibly payment medium for unique opportunities services offered members and affiliates. tracto community will formulated with the following values attract and maintain high number members. page reciprocity member contribute and receive value consistency member should receive consistent financial rewards liking importance having members attract friends cryptocurrency-friendly opportunity own and use cryptocurrencies scarcity/privilege being member privilege tracto whitepaper the following serves the key areas the consumer market space which tracto are developing whereby the cryptocurrency will fully utilised. community/merchants reward system the community will able utilise tracto selected stores and both merchants and members will rewarded with free tracto for every transaction. there will reward mechanism for members participating online physical stores. international remittance for members who are working beyond their shores, tracto will provide fast and safe way transfer back their funds their homelands. each member could potentially become mobile remittance agent working across international borders with minimal remittance cost and maximise its uses via online top-up system. online shopping for new and preloved items members will enjoy the benefits exclusive stores whereby items are from members themselves various countries. members trust based transaction the power peer-to-peer fully utilised allowing party owner use the peer-to-peer network validate any online purchases within the e-commerce site, allowing only trusted quality products its members available through the site. technical solution components the technical solution for the tracto consists three main elements: user interface portal, backend service for asset management and smart contracts ethereum blockchain. backend service backend service responsible for storing wallet addresses for investors and for interacting with ethereum smart contracts. takes the current coin supply from tracto smart contracts and calculates last coin price based the fund portfolio asset value. after that, acts oracle publishing the latest price the coin the tracto smart contract. tracto supply supply trt will limited seventy million coins only (,,). currently the price pegged during the ico period and once goes exchange will floated based supply and demand. page tracto whitepaper from the million coins, will held tracto for future development whilst the remanded will released blocks. the major blocks, one after the other. block block block block block block block block (held tracto) trt trt trt trt trt trt trt the subsequent block will only open for sale, once the previous block sold. page tracto whitepaper ico proceed distribution the breakdown the proceeds from ico follows: operations: marketing: development eco-system applications and networks: owners the target group owners consists individuals who either have some understanding about the cryptocurrency world those who mainly want diversify small part their assets into the new economy. expected that the large majority people outside the community are still sceptical about cryptocurrencies and that will take time gain support among them. nevertheless, inflated equity valuations, negative yields and lack alternative opportunities invest the current environment will force investors take part cryptocurrencies and businesses created upon blockchain technology. the exponential rise blockchain technology used real businesses already delivering visible value-added effects the economy. undoubtedly such revolution, although gradual, will not overlooked the retail investors. business strategy the primary business focus solutions that enable the essential autonomous infrastructure for supranational economy: decentralised computation, data storage and communications, decentralised exchanges, investment solutions, prediction markets, pegged assets protocols, cross chain gross settlement systems, identity protocols, dao and smart contract frameworks, reputation systems and social networks. practice, creating index which will implied the tracto portfolio structure usually done setting structure according market capitalisation known currencies. page tracto whitepaper being the most dominant currency market cap, bitcoin recently had market share around all portfolios. that why certain limits have imposed the structure. market cap should not the only factor affecting the index structure. traded volume should play important role, well the "free float" the currencies. the tracto weighted its market cap targets conservative owners. note however, that cryptocurrencies such these have extremely high volatility practice compared traditional financial instruments and are without doubt, risky investments. daily volatility (standard deviation) many cases exceeds the other hand, cryptocurrencies have very low correlation (in many cases close when compared with one another. this very positive sign for fund efficiency delivering risk diversification. seeking the optimal structure the tracto portfolio more art than science. mentioned, currencies should added the portfolio based mostly their market cap applying some limitations. once the portfolio structure rules are set, rebalancing rules should defined. namely, the tracto structure becomes very dynamic with the daily movement prices, and the structure can become non-representative the market. some currencies could add lot value and gain weight, whereas some lose it. risks any investment carries significant risk. purchasers and fund managers are exposed the following risks: inherent risk, loss risk, theft risk, regulatory risk, miscomprehension risk. sending bitcoins any altcoins any address the owners agree that she understands and accepts these risks and potential losses all funds without possibility restore. fund managers not hold any risks except for risk losing personal investments. conclusion the consumer market asia booming, with the rapid rise income people from countries like china, india, indonesia and especially vietnam. this has opened new opportunity maximise and leverage each other's strength through peer-to-peer community powered cryptocurrency. the members will enjoy additional benefit from their typical daily transactions joining this movement. tracto will pave the way empower the community forward. come and join today. page tracto whitepaper disclaimer tracto appreciates your interest its products and/or and your visit this tracto.org. using and/or accessing this website, you hereby agree and accept the terms and conditions this legal disclaimer. tracto may vary these terms and conditions any time and your continued use and/or access this website constitutes your acceptance the varied terms and conditions. please read the following terms and conditions carefully before using this website. conditions access. accessing this website and using the materials made available this website tracto, you agree, acknowledge and accept bound the terms and conditions set out below. neither the information, nor any opinion contained this website constitutes solicitation. the information and materials including the terms and conditions this website may modified, deleted replaced from time time and any time the discretion tracto. not warrant that this website will always accessible uninterrupted, timely, secure, error free free from computer virus other invasive damaging code. tracto not liable manner you any person claiming though you whomsoever, for any losses, damages (direct indirect), costs, liabilities, expenses, claims demands resulting from any delays, inaccuracies errors the information its transmission. reproduction and linking. encourage wider promotion and distribution the products and/or services available this website but subject clause below, tracto would have objection for users disseminate reproduce the materials part the materials this website, provided that tracto duly acknowledged and that the redissemination reproduction for non-commercial purpose (e.g. all related webpages should carry advertisement commercial nature). such consent not however applicable materials produced other organizations websites, which own the copyrights. users who link from this website websites provided other organizations shall aware that the information those websites has been compiled and issued those organizations. tracto accepts responsibility for the contents any website which hypertext link from this website establishes and shall not liable for any loss damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss profits, business interruption, loss information, infringement copyrights) arising out the use inability use this website. accuracy this website. while every precaution has been taken the preparation this web site and every effort made, the accuracy information mentioned this website are subjected changes and differences. shall not liable for any errors omissions that may remain and any losses inconveniences incurred result such changes differences. page tracto whitepaper this website may contain inadvertent inaccuracies typographical errors. these will corrected tracto's discretion, they are found. the information this website updated regularly, but inaccuracies may remain occur where changes occur between updates. tracto excludes any obligation responsibility for this content. part this website contains materials are contributed other organizations. tracto shall not responsible for any error, omission misrepresentation such materials. intellectual property rights. part this website shall reproduced for any commercial purposes without the permission from tracto. the content, text, images, graphics, sound files, animation files, video files, and their arrangement this website are all subject copyright and other intellectual property protection. these objects may not copied for commercial use distribution, nor may these objects modified reposted other sites. this website may contain images content whose copyrights are owned whose moral rights are attributable third parties. all terms mentioned this website that are known registered trademarks, trademarks service marks are registered trademarks, trademarks service marks tracto and their respective owners (for third party marks). for third party marks, media pima berhad cannot attest the accuracy this information. use term this website should not regarded affecting the validity any registered trademark, trademark, service mark. unless otherwise indicated, all trademarks and service marks (whether registered, unregistered pending registration) this website are owned licensed by, to, tracto and its group companies; including marks, names, logos, symbols and emblems. patent liability assumed with respect the information contained herein. tracto has sought achieve innovative and informative website. however, you also need understand that tracto must protect its intellectual property rights, including without limitation its copyright and trademarks (whether not the foregoing rights are registered, unregistered pending registration). accordingly, please appreciate that licence right any kind whatsoever use the intellectual property rights tracto and/or its group companies the intellectual property rights third parties have been granted this website. warranties and liabilities. this website (including the services, information and content therein) provided "as is" basis and the fullest extent permitted law without warranty any kind whatsoever, whether express implied, including without limitation any implied warranties merchantability, fitness for use, fitness for particular purpose and/or non-infringement third party rights. addition, any warranties, whether express implied, statutory otherwise, relation use, access, operation, availability, continuity non-interruption this website are hereby excluded the fullest extent permitted law. while the information and content this website believed accurate, may contain errors inaccuracies. the fullest extent permitted law, event will tracto liable for any loss damage any kind whatsoever (including without limitation economic loss, loss income, profits goodwill, direct indirect, incidental, consequential, exemplary, punitive, general special damages) suffered incurred you any other person entity, howsoever arising whether contract, tort, negligence, page tracto whitepaper any other legal theory, and whether not tracto advised the possibility such damages, connection with result this website, including but not limited the following: use and/or access (or inability delay the use and/or access) this website; any content information made available this website (including any errors, omissions inaccuracies thereof); any content information made available this website infringes the rights any third party, any intrusion any attack any person, hardware, software, virus, trojan horse, worm, malware and/or macros other harmful components arising from any use and/or access this website; any websites (including the content therein) maintained third parties, which are accessible via link from this website; and/or any unauthorised access alterations your transmission data. addition, tracto not responsible for the contents websites that are maintained third parties and therefore shall not liable responsible for any links from this website other websites. severance. any provision this legal disclaimer held illegal invalid under present future laws regulations effective and applicable, such provision shall fully severable and this legal disclaimer shall construed such illegal invalid provision had never comprised part this legal disclaimer and the remaining provisions this legal disclaimer shall remain full force and effect and shall not affected the illegal invalid provision its severance from this legal disclaimer. indemnity. you agree indemnify tracto its subsidiaries, affiliates licensor harmless from any claim demand including solicitor fees made any third-party due arising out your use this website, violation any these terms and conditions. governing law and jurisdiction. this legal disclaimer shall deemed made and shall for all intents and purposes governed and construed accordance with the laws uk. page tracto whitepaper references https://news.bitcoin.com/ www.coindesk.com/information/what-is-ethereum/ www.coindesk.com www.ethnews.com/erc-the-ethereum-token-standard www.ethnews.com/news https://cryptonomics.org/ page