trakinvest ico whitepaper www.trakinvest.ai dec private and confidential introduction the empowerment individuals through automated systems and social networks disrupting the traditional retail brokerage and investment management models. the industry has suffered from the loss customer trust and low levels retail participation given two key fundamental issues: (i) information asymmetry was driven the fact that the institutional investor has superior information and analytical tools their disposal vis-a-vis the average retail investor; therefore the retail investor typically the "losing" side the trade and (ii) inherent conflicts interest the traditional financial services model. its core, the trakinvest project about "crowdsourcing financial wisdom" and rewarding the participants its decentralized economy based performance and insights. trakinvest, virtual social trading platform, currently offers (i) users the ability share their portfolio data with other members the network for monthly subscription (ii) provides "crowdsourced" sentiment, forecasting and prediction tools using innovations smart contracts, machine learning, nlp and artificial intelligence, and (iii) and digital certification programs online trading. users can access and explore the existing platform www.trakinvest.com. trakinvest best set implement this project and already has strong three-year track record having built user base asia through its partnerships with corporates, universities, and governments the region. the platform will also introducing (i) virtual trading platform for cryptocurrencies and (ii) next generation "crowdsourced" sentiment tools for equities and cryptocurrencies. these proprietary tools have been developed using the social trading data and behaviour collected for the last three years. trakinvest aims empower the retail investor with all these tools create level playing field removing the information asymmetry that has plagued them for many years. trakinvest poised for strong growth look introduce trak tokens our existing user base, thus providing them with the ability earn service fees eth exchange for providing their real-time trading data and sentiments through trakinvest's web and mobile platforms. currently, the community continues provide invaluable trading data, insights, and sentiments through the platform maintaining virtual trading portfolio: www.trakinvest.com. the application level, the token utilities will include: (i) tokenized data ownership, (ii) tokenized reputation system, and (iii) tokenized certifications. the shift from centralized technical infrastructure distributed, ecosystem-enabling platforms laying the foundations for new business models investment insights and financial transaction technologies. identifying the industry shifts, trakinvest platform utilizing blockchain technology create decentralized peer peer ecosystem that incentivizes members the community performing value added services. the rewards, incentives, and insight tools encourage the full establishment and continuity the virtual socio-trading environment that rewards for performance and sharing trading data risk free manner. leveraging the blockchain technology, trakinvest aims increase the scalability the current platform while enhancing its security and transparency levels. backed powerful tech stack and the strength ethereum's open community network the ecosystem has strong technical foot holding. trakinvest backed highly experienced management team and advisory board. the senior management the team has held leadership positions leading firms including morgan partners, aig, state bank india, icici securities and religare. the global advisory board comprised individuals and existing investors with strong global experience and exposure technology, telecommunications, media, cryptocurrencies and financial services. they have held leadership positions companies including spotify, siri, summly, bitcasa, fixmo, ginger, desti, magisto, nexon and studiox. trakinvest, currently operates singapore, thailand, and india and will extending its services and product offerings china, malaysia, indonesia, vietnam, korea, japan over the next months. you can sign and stay informed the ico website www.trakinvest.ai. you can also access and explore the existing platform www.trakinvest.com existing partnerships risk disclaimer: buying trak tokens involves substantial risk loss and not suitable for every investor. the valuation the trak may fluctuate and, result, clients may lose more than their original investment. before deciding invest trak tokens, you should carefully consider your investment objectives, level experience, and risk appetite. table contents introduction ............................................................................................................................................... table contents .................................................................................................................................... trakinvest ico ........................................................................................................................................... executive summary ................................................................................................................................ milestones .................................................................................................................................................. tokenomics ................................................................................................................................................ use proceeds ....................................................................................................................................... product and business roadmap ......................................................................................................... platform overview .................................................................................................................................. customer acquisition ............................................................................................................................ the disruption ......................................................................................................................................... technical architecture........................................................................................................................... trakinvest ............................................................................................................................................. management team ................................................................................................................................. board advisors ................................................................................................................................... media and links ................................................................................................................................ references ................................................................................................................................................ disclaimer .................................................................................................................................................. trakinvest ico token name trak website www.trakinvest.ai type offer initial coin offering total tokens accepted currencies ether (eth) erc token yes token main sale price eth trak tokens trak token eth ico pre-sale dates december (sst) january (sst) ico sale dates february (sst) february (sst) offering structure** tokens available pre-sale tranch tokens discount december december tranch tokens discount december january tranch tokens discount january january ico tranch tokens discount starts february (sst) tranch tokens discount starts automatically after tranch ends tranch tokens discount starts automatically after tranch ends **discount each tranch applicable until the end allocated time period allocated tokens being sold out, whichever earlier. executive summary the current global equity investment system does not favour retail participation given information asymmetry and inherent conflicts interest. our core intent level the playing field and shift the model from arbitraging opacity arbitraging intelligence. trakinvest's mission crowdsource financial wisdom and using big data anlaytics, and machine learning share the trading behaviour the masses with the retail investor, thus giving them edge. the incentive provide investment education, tools and financial benefits people without ready access capital has been absent for some time. trakinvest platform seeks empower millennials (i) providing tools make better informed decisions and (ii) creating reward based economy incentivize people for their data and insights, regardless income, location. trakinvest utilizes the concepts social trading, roboadvisory and artificial intelligence (ai) deliver this value proposition it's growing community users. trakinvest revolutionizes the traditional investment education format allowing users, regardless their experience, exposure ability participate providing them with transparency and "traking" features such "copy trade" maximize their learning potential. trakinvest provides white-labelled solutions for access its key features for marketing and new customer acquisition companies the financial services sector. companies train new users engage existing users invest stock markets. with simulated environment across international stock exchanges and over stocks, customers practice stock investing without losing real money and once confident can invest with real money leading brokerage revenue for our corporate partners. provide "whitelabelled" solutions our corporate customers that includes our various components and tools offered our web, mobile and messenger applications. trakinvest's approach innovation revolves around learn-share-earn core. the portal designed incentivise new users and seasoned investors alike through meaningful financial incentives, insights and career opportunities. the idea ultimately, the bridge between those with alpha generating ability and talent, but limited capital, and those with capital but not necessarily the time, alpha generation ability inclination. the portal allows users create groups share information and insight equities and sectors. allows users showcase their level knowledge specific sectors and stocks, and learn from others sectors they want get better at. the actual trading happens real time during market hours the markets covered including singapore, hong kong, and china, india, australia, and the us, and that forms the basis their investment track record. trakinvest will introducing similar product also trade crypto-currencies. new users gain confidence and showcase their track record, they can gain users who "trak" them. for all users, seasoned investors and others, the portal provides substantial financial incentive "trak" and "traked". that incentive four-fold: users are provided with recommendation engine suggesting top traders and ideas. using the trak tokens the participants will seamlessly able make payments top performers for advice and real time trading data. ii. proprietary score combining user's investment track record with how active they are the social hub effect estimating proxy for their positive influence the portal. your score will determine your "influence" the stock, sector, and market level and will determine the number tokens your "followers" will contribute you for sharing your real-time trading activity the platform. iii. existing partnerships sponsorships with global financial institutions asia, e.g. edelweiss securities, karvy securities, hdfc securities, siam commercial bank securities, andhra pradesh government, indian institute sciences, and other universities the region provide the education and career incentives the users and ensure continued engagement with the platform iv. the higher your score, the more you will show trak suggestions, the greater the probability gaining users who trak you (remember combination social activity impact and investment track record), the greater the chances high payout trak fees. similarly, the better your performance, the more chances you have garnering one the many planned internships offer which are usually awarded through performance contests the portal, and actually leveraging participation and showcasing your record, into meaningful career opportunity. the first markets trakinvest has built its operations are india, singapore and thailand and intends continue its expansion into southeast asia, north asia and the middle east trakinvest focused targeting the asian market, where the demographic dividend will the key growth factor. with population and online, asia's middle class population set explode, reaching during the same period the disposable income set grow times. the population millennials also known generation has been growing over the past years and this year will the largest generation ever. until the aggregated net worth the global millennials predicted more than double compared with estimates ranging from trillion. the millennial customer wealth management can broadly placed the following categories: trakinvest addressing the needs millennial wealth management providing online financial certification courses, financial data, sentiment analysis and powered insights enable its users make better informed trading decisions. trakinvest building its market aligning the financial and career incentives the demand and supply sides the social trading market equation. milestones the platform and the management team have already achieved number milestones since inception illustrated below; trakinvest launched mobile app (v.) launched android forged strategic partnerships launch trakinvest sep partnership with manipal group partnerships with universities across asia/australia aug fwd thailand campaign oct forged partnerships with line finance and nov launch mobile app (ios and android) dec science partnership certification course launch the trakinvest show (first virtual stock trading reality show india) oct tie-up with scb thailand for lead generation, customer acquisition and talent identification march voice chatbots for banking insurance firms mou with indian ove training students pradesh tokenomics trakinvest token ('trak' token) utility token that can used perform variety activities the platform. the demand for the trak token driven the strong pipeline existing contracts with leading corporates and universities, trakinvest's continued marketing initiatives including the "the trakinvest show," and overall market dynamics. this section describe the use cases for the trak tokens and provide with details the contracted and projected demand and their key drivers. there will primarily types utility tokens engage with trakinvest for the services mentioned above. the application level, the token utilities include: (i) tokenized data ownership, (ii) tokenized reputation system, and (iii) tokenized certifications. certifications reputation score data ownership various types tokens good performance pay trak tokens for course fees earns verifiable certificate the blockchain network share algos high score higher chances get listed suggestion engine earn more followers and earn more trak fees terms trak tokens platform incentivises user for using his data build model portfolio user monetises his data with financial institution through trakinvest platform trak token economy token drivers the contracted demand training students only addressable market per recent mckinsey report, customer education means up-sell products the way forward for large retail banks certificate users driven the incentive jobs/ internships actively trade perform better proven model similar trakinvest does not exists south east asia and middle east; rapid geographical expansion our key strategy democratic platform globally monetise your data adoption social trading platforms the mass affluent customer segment happening faster pace than could imagine reported deloitte token demand drivers the token drivers that presents compelling reasons augment the growth trak token economy the next months and have outlined our key assumptions based our existing contracts and conservative forecasts. the current contracted demand for trakinvest's certification program students receive certification usd student. our current pipeline students represents less than the annual relevant student population india looking for job-ready short-term certifications. given our expansion plans for both india and other countries south east asia and middle east, the projected demand for certifications the current demand. the platform currently has "traks" being performed the current user base for monetary incentive. the price per "trak" will the equivalent usd per "trak" per month. given the introduction the trak tokens conservatively expect this activity grow from current levels the projected growth the total user base projected our current levels driven our launch the trakinvest show season (india), launch siam commercial bank investment centre and investment labs universities thailand and india. expect the projected growth multiples increase roll-out other countries the region. introduction the sentiment tool for equities and cryptocurrencies available retail and institutional investors and the introduction the marketplace will represent "upside" case demand for the trak tokens. given the strength token drivers and their potential impact the trak token economy, have constructed scenarios for depicting the growth trajectories the token demand the graph below- implied token demand current clients contract starts contributing geographical expansion triggers the growth the next level data ownership tokenisation tools promises significant growth jan feb mar apr may base case jun jul aug medium case sep oct nov dec high case based existing contracts place i.e. conservative case based greater market penetration with existing products based introduction new products including tools projected revenue (usd) implied token demand total users use proceeds trakinvest ico looking distribute million trak tokens denominated eth. the proceeds from the ico will utilised for product extension and geographical expansion. use proceeds product and r&d forty percent the funds raised during the ico will allocated the development product strengthen the machine learning and robo-advisory features. algorithms will developed that will automate advisory build recommendation engine for customised portfolio management for the retail millennial consumer. marketing thirty-five percent the funds raised will used for awareness and reach-out the millennials across asia, which boasts the biggest millennial population the world. focus will build key partnerships with large universities and state governments access large number consumers operations teams trainers, sales, customer support and recruiters will required train and place the certified candidates. this kind team will place all the countries where trakinvest operational and will there the next months. legal admin although ai, blockchain-based services are growing exponential rate, there still ignorance about them and their potential. this can lead legal requirements failing keep with the progress blockchain, even becoming hindrance the process. such, make the trakinvest ecosystem available global scale, there are some license and legal requirements that will need met, for which the funds will allocated. product and business roadmap tokenisation geographic expansion launch certificate tokens listing trak token exchange custom wallet training project students starts launch the trakinvest show india (season and vietnam thailand (season launch siam commercial bank securities campaign setup china and rep office setup thailand, vietnam middle east cryptocurrency trading platform launch virtual trading crypto-currencies launch simulation games for crypto-currency trading launch reputation token launch trakinvest powered investment labs various universities india and thailand tools launch powered sentiment analysis tool for both equities and crypto-currencies launch data ownership token launch and nlp powered voice chatbot english, thai and cantonese/mandarin languages aggressive marketing and sales launch marketing campaigns india, thailand and china build sales team and offices across multiple cities sign customers for white-label fintech engagements platform overview trakinvest platform that provides tremendous volume relevant information variety investors. the platform also provides various tools, including portfolio management tool. the platform will create strong brand through the strategic use various media, including the web. key features include: real stock price feed for global exchanges different countries including us, uk, china, india, thailand, singapore, australia, and hong kong. hours trading facility along with live portfolio tracker real time news feed peer-to-peer learning gamified user experience key financial ratios, stock search and price charting functionality stock sentiment score for over global stocks engaging and interactive user interface anytime trading with the trakinvest mobile app and facebook messenger chatbot detailed personalized trading reports customer support mobile app available both playstore and app store full-fledged trading and learning management system available desktop intelligent chatbot available messenger information and account information ubiquitous across devices and medium customer acquisition trakinvest user base has been built using offline and online channels. the management team has conducted workshops, seminars across various universities singapore, australia, india and thailand. furthermore, the company launched the trakinvest show its youtube channel. the trakinvest show was asia's first interactive reality show based around the trakinvest application. with minutes original content, the show had digital reach over million people with daily active user base the customer engagement was further driven the support india's leading investment gurus, who share their strategies and insights our platform. you can access all the videos the trakinvest show season here. given the enormous success season india's number one business news channel now has partnered telecast the season trakinvest show prime time slots. have been approached and are active discussion with channels vietnam, thailand, indonesia and taiwan re-create the trakinvest show native languages the respective countries. the disruption the fourth industrial revolution bringing about the convergence the physical and cybernetic worlds, and the digital technologies that come with creating disruptions previously traditional industry the financial services industry. innovations led technology-enabled platforms are disrupting the existing industry structures and complex eco-systems. deep-diving into the investment management landscape, key trends such robo-advisory, social trading and are shaping business models, consumer behavior and the entire ecosystem. traditional investment management involves providing personalized advisory solutions the high net-worth individuals. personal wealth managers with access sophisticated tools and specific information manage the investment portfolios exchange for charging high fees. recent decades, however, such high value advisory services have been automated create cost-effective advisory solutions. these automated advisory solutions known robo-advisory, provide algorithm-based advice nominal cost. result, the services traditional wealth managers have been commoditized and businesses have been forced shift online and move beyond the high-end customer target the mass affluent customers. refer the wef report future financial services published deloitte, given the reference section this document. available technologies customers digital tools ultra hni hni mass affluent algo trading mass digital wealth management services customer expectations are also shifting, there rising demand for low cost, personalized solutions that are hassle free and convenient access demand. further, post the financial crisis there increased sense distrust for financial advisors. recent bloomberg study, over the millennial population chose nontraditional methods for managing their personal investments. such environment further fuelling the rise robo-advisors and social trading tools. robo-advisors build trust, transparency and consistency performance eliminating human intervention. social trading tools empower individual customers share investment advice and gain from market insights the crowd. overall environment "prosumers" created where the customers participate production, competing with traditional wealth advisors generation better returns investments. emerging technologies big data analytics and infrastructure are producing smarter, faster machines that are capable processing large amounts unstructured data that include real-time market events and social media news feeds. traders can now gain deeper insights into specific stocks correlate market movements rather than just studying price movements single stock. complex algorithms and trading strategies that incorporate machine learning can developed churn the vast amounts data for stock market predictions. machine learning capabilities improve the accuracy the predictions over time. future today traders market data sources self-learning machines market reacts price movement single stock takes similar actions the same stock reacts real-time events from diverse sets data accurate predictions over time for any stock trakinvest sits the cusp these emerging trends social trading, robo-advisory and ai. trakinvest provides marketplace for individual investors share their data and earn fees for doing so. individual investors learn and gain market insights from their peers based their performance without any other agenda. trakinvest has access the trading data and behavioral insights customers result their activity the trakinvest platform. trakinvest proprietary algorithms churn this data provide market insights and customized portfolio recommendations individual investors. these recommendations improve over time algorithms continuously incorporate and learn accessing more and more data. trakinvest users access all these features demand through easy-to-use, interactive interfaces over web, mobile and social media chat-bots. technical architecture trakinvest built using micro-services architecture. services trakinvest are grouped their functionality and the nature logic needed. there are types services the system: gateways stateless services, batching services, and gateways services that enable the web access our applications. these services include the portal and the chatbot. stateless services are built such way that they support horizontal scalability. these services have access the database and are able perform some business logics before returning the values gateway services. some these stateful services are storing stateful akka actors make calculation even faster and stateful services have direct access their intended databases. due the nature micro-services, are not bound specific language/technology. however, there's limitation imposed the language that are adopting. the point writing, are focusing only jvm based languages ensure the performance, robustness and stability the system. services currently are written languages: (i) scala, utilizing the play and akka frameworks, (ii) java, utilizing the spring boot ecosystem, (iii) javascript using the node and express. for the front end development have utilized react, redux, and saas/scss frameworks. services trakinvest are deployed containerised docker images. with dockerized application, the platform can easily achieve horizontal scaling without configurations. trakinvest trakinvest has brought the concept "track records" from the institutional level down the retail level. given advances natural language processing (nlp) and the explosive growth online prediction communities, rich social investing data sets are making possible evaluate investors not just their popularity but also their historic performance. two trends heighten the importance accurate measures investor trust for the always-connected modern investor looking for credible trade ideas and information: more retail investors are directly managing their own investments part because declining trust traditional advisors. the three key initiatives the trakinvest recommendation engine include: (i) sentiment analysis, (ii) network analysis, (iii) reputation score. the sections provide brief overview the various segments and more detailed technical methodology available request. sentiment analysis this section discusses the framework behind the sentiment analysis engine that will derive crowd sentiment from corpus documents. the results this sentiment analysis will work both push and pull mode. push mode, news and announcements will trigger push notification end users based their interest profile while pull actions will empower the end user query the engine the current status current stock. the corpus information for the sentiment analysis will retrieved from blend time sensitive and query-able websites, for which web crawlers are written derive share specific news, mandatory corporate disclosures, public discussion boards and twitter feeds. this will further supplemented information mined internally from ti's discussion boards provide asymmetric advantage the development the public sentiment. once the textual information has been retrieved, then pre-processed for vectorisation. multi-pronged approach then taken determine sentiment based consensus readability measure (e.g., fog score), lexicon based approaches (bag-of-words using harvard general inquirer loghran and mcdonald dictionaries) and machine learning methods including support vector machines, random forests and deep neural networks, trained over historical price data each share interest. network analysis the recommendations from the sentiment analysis engine will then supplemented with ti-stock score and ti-trader score, which each provide time sensitive quantitative metric which the traders and stocks can ranked, specifically based their performance within the platform. score the score combination the individual's performance combined with the social "relevance" that performance within the network. isolated individual, the score could defined weighted sum the multiple attributes trader's behaviour. the attributes consider are for example (i) total gain/loss and current position for sell orders for stock and (ii) current position (profit/loss) the holdings. however, when the individual part network where there are followers and followings then becomes graph problem. this scenario, the score may compared page rank that the google's search engine builds behind the scene. graph, the attributes the followers and the followings also get included, for example (i) total gain/loss and current position for the sell orders the followers and followings for copied orders for that stock, (ii) current position (profit/loss) the holdings the copied buy orders that his/her followers and followings executed. additionally, for each person that trader follows, there degree influence that he/ she has the trader. this influence percolates other traders who follow this trader. the score thus obtained holistic score, i.e., the graph's overall influence calculations have converge specific set values. the following equations capture the mathematical model for the same. where, the average price buying scrip time for trader (recursive definition) the booked profit for selling scrip time for trader the current notional profit for scrip held time for trader the positional profit for scrip time that was sold before time for trader the total profit position for scrip time for trader the total profit position for scrip time for trader for copied orders only the influence weight trader trader w.r.t. scrip time the inflow influence value trader for scrip time the outflow influence value trader for scrip time the trakinvest score for trader w.r.t. scrip time the set incoming influences for trader for scrip time the set outgoing influences for trader for scrip time the number influencers trader for scrip time the number influencees trader for scrip time the quantity sell orders for scrip time the quantity buy orders for scrip time the price for scrip time the rate interest used for net present value calculations notes: all amounts are measured initial constant balance (e.g., $,), making the profit calculations comparable for non-zero rate interest the value for money would different depending when the trader registered the platform the rate interest may considered zero for simplicity the moments the distribution need considered account for the variation trader's performance, i.e., median (v, unbiased estimate mean) and standard deviation (sigma) easy approach there could include only those traders the graph that have min orders executed for particular scrip, e.g., "magic" number sometimes used statisticians illustrative architecture diagram the trakinvest product stock index inside crowd sourced data outside sentimental analysis clustering and anomaly identification supervised learning unstructured data fundamental data news nlp signal processing nlp objective function score trading performance total relative risk adjusted returns market sensitivity social influence total followers total followed network gain/loss recommendation engine stock recommendation index recommendation actors industry recommendation stock traders index traders industry traders people traders optimal trade combo pre-existing portfolio optimisation human the loop management team meet the team whose vision and efforts are driving the business. bobby bhatia ceo founder singapore arjun chakraborti president country head india bobby has years financial services experience private equity and investments having executed over $bn+ equity and mezzanine transactions asia. has held leadership positions j.p. morgan partners asia, aig asia and o'connor associates. mr. bhatia attended stanford and duke universities. arjun has years experience leading product, sales and operations teams across india australia. arjun organisations icici, religare securities network arjun has built the india business tra nve row through innovation and key partnerships the region. arjun mba and also alumnus the harvard business school. david watson global head product, spartan inc david has previously led trakinvest's marketing, branding and community building efforts and continues remain senior consultant the business. david has mba from tsinghua university mit and has earned his bachelor creative arts from the university melbourne. urvi babla head marketing rahul sharma director abha bakaya anchor creative director urvi has years global experience across marketing, strategy and digital marketing. leading teams across top firms such icici securities religare securities. she the forefront driving market expansion and new customer acquisition for trakinvest. urvi mba from manchester business school. mr. rahul sharma has years experience leading the north asia operations for the executive access. based out hong kong, leads the corporate business development and relations for trakinvest. mr. sharma also the board dr. lalpathlabs leading health-care firm. highly creative and multitalented television news editor, anchor, and producer with years experience production, news reporting, live segments, and lifestyle show host. she the anchor creative director the trakinvest show. dr. kanth miriyala trakinvest security ceo founder turinglabs.io parag arora trakinvest security cto founder turing labs preetham blockchain developer dr. kanth actively working with trakinvest for building the most secure blockchain and crowdsale platform. the founder/advisor/early stage investor quintant (sold igate), qik (sold skype), gravitant (sold ibm), cicada resorts (sold premji invest). former head global business consulting igate. parag actively working with trakinvest for building the most secure blockchain and crowdsale platform including the wallet strategy and tokenomics. ycombinator, microsoft iitd alumnus. has co-founded glowing.io and plustxt later sold paytm. has developed various wallets, smart contracts, dapps and infrastructure blockchain. experienced developer and skilled blockchain, solidity, node.js, mongodb, aws, linux, elastic search, redis and virtual reality. has strong engineering background with bachelor technology (b.tech.) focused computer science from kurukshetra university. divyashish jindal trakinvest community building co-founder jacobi partners divyashish jindal actively working with trakinvest create marketing awareness and build the community for the trakinvest ico. previously, has also cofounded wisestep, appytab and testrocket. has been advisor various organisations blockchain ico space. ankit tiwari director engineering ankit spearheads the engineering team. majorly working the tools along with the data-science team. ankit has also served independent technical consultant for public health foundation india. has bachelor's degree computer science. jes anub senior developer jes senior software engineer with masters degree computer engineering. she's got over years experience software development, and enjoys coding javascript the most. jes working all trakinvest namrata singh senior software monika arora tech lead senior software with full system development life-cycle experience, including designing, developing and implementing test plans, cases and processes. namrata expert testing web and mobile applications. she eve traceability matrix and automating processes using various tools. monika has years experience and proficient analysis new upcoming market requirements and from planning end development product. monika working the development the enabled chatbot for trakinvest. board advisors frank meehan co-founder partner sparklabs global ventures london current investor mr. meehan has held leadership roles across ericsson and hutchinson whampoa. frank experienced entrepreneur with deep expertise technology and telecom. his previous board positions include spotify, siri, aff fixmo, doubletwist, ginger, desti and magisto. partha pratim talukdar founder keynome technologies, worked for google india partha leads machine learning and iisc india's leading technical university. previously, worked with google nlp, data integration, cognitive science. his recent research has focused graph-based learning algorithms for largescale information extraction, temporal information processing, automatic knowledge harvesting from large data neuro-semantics. ms. vorada has years experience investment banking and wealth management leading financial institutions thailand and south east asia. previously she has led the private banking operations for morgan stanley stanley she holds mba from kenan-flagler business school. jimmy has strong experience technology and gamification. has held leadership roles nexon and igame studio jimmy was the founding investor and active deal adviser studio ex, online gaming studio that was acquired disney jimmy has also completed the stanford university's graduate school business's executive management program. jia vorada thangsurbkul first executive vice president, siam commercial bank thailand current investor jimmy kim co-founder partner sparklabs global ventures korea current investor chatchaval jiaravanon ceo charoen pokphand, indonesia finansia syrus securities board member true corporation thailand, current investor mr. jiaravanon successful entrepreneur who runs thailand's largest private company and diversified business conglomerate the c.p. pokphand group. holds directorships across multiple private and public businesses thailand with interests services, agribusiness etc alan chou director publishing entertainment singapore alan heads the team responsible for all publishing operations sea including partner management, marketing, business ops and sales. has previously worked with microsoft and intel. holds mechanical engineering degree from university california mandeep nalwa ceo founder taurus wealth singapore current investor mandeep had spent most his career with various private banks the asia-pacific region with specific exposure equities, fixed income, currencies, derivatives and managed assets. mandeep member the founding board the association independent asset managers (aiam) singapore. alumnus the indian institute management, ahmedabad, india. woraphanit ruayrungruang executive president, reignwood china/beijing/hk current investor ms. woraphanit leading china based reignwood's strategic vision outside china. reignwood has diversified global holdings and ms. woraphanit ensures international investments diverse sectors ranging from property, luxury and lifestyle sport, consumer goods and wellbeing. prasad vanga partner anthill ventures india prasad vanga successful entrepreneur, angel investor and business transformation coach. investor was involved with several startups that have scaled their businesses with speed like tynker, medplus and manage spa. vanga has consulted for some the top companies the world like nike, starwood, symantec, google, kraft and ge. karthik iyer ceo founder-blockchainmonk india karthik iyer the india ambassador the ppfoundation (the worlds largest think tank decentralization and peer peer). part one the largest research project pp, ppvalue.eu. has over decade experience working for large technology firms such red hat, novell and sun microsystems and has successfully ran various hi-tech ventures the past. media and links economic times (edelweiss partners with trakinvest for hiring) forbes india (from mock trades real jobs) your story (trakinvest demystifies stock trading teaching you how beat the market) deccan (trakinvest, iisc launch 'trak-n-riisc') business standard (iisc joins hands with trakinvest) india today (iisc joins hands with trakinvest) business world (the finalists for india's first virtual stock trading reality show trakinvest have been announced) economic times (iisc partners trakinvest offer stock trading course) the hindu start-ups offer tech tame the bulls and the bears) business line (trakinvest launch performance based virtual stock trading reality show) business standard (applied games woo users learn new skills, improve health they play) toi (trakinvest, indian institute science help youngsters make riskfree investment stock market) deccan herland global platform for b'luru start ups) business standard (trakinvest looks india grow stock gaming business) livemint.com (trakinvest, isb launch virtual stock trading competition for b-school students) bwdisrupt (startup trakinvest ties with isb launch global stock trading competition the virtual world) illawarramercury ('fantasy' stock trading asic sights) the syndey morning herald ('fantasy' stock trading asic sights) theaustralian.com (stockfans makes game for fans stockmarket) skynews (social trading platform targets millennials) business standard (trakinvest looks india grow its stock gaming business) startup daily (stockfans fantasy trading platform giving amateur traders no-risk way learn about the markets) toi trakinvest: from fantasy trading real internships) business standard (religare securities launches virtual stock trading platform) (iot market apac will hit us$ billion idc) money excel.com (virtual stock trading platform trakinvest) yourstory (trade virtually and track influencers with bobby bhatia's trakinvest) techcrunch (trakinvest fantasy stock trading platform that can lead real jobs) the next web (korean accelerator sparklabs showcases social and ecommerce startups its second demo day) techcrunch (sparklabs presents its second demo day seoul with eight startups) techcrunch (korean startup accelerator sparklabs reveals its second intake) references study world economic forum the future financial services https:// www.deloitte.com/content/dam/deloitte/global/documents/financial-services/gx-fsi-wef-thefuture-of-financial-services.pdf study pwc financial services technology and beyond: embracing disruption https:// www. pwc .co /fi /fi technology--and-beyond-embracing-disruption.html investors business daily https://www.investors.com/news/best-online-brokers/millennialinvestors-seek-sophistication-from-online-brokers-really/ zeckhauser study social trading https://sites.hks.harvard.edu/fs/rzeckhau/ investinginunknownandunknowable.pdf sharpe capital white paper https://s-eu-west-.amazonaws.com/sharpe-website/whitepaper.pdf millennial and wealth management https://www.deloitte.com/content/dam/deloitte/lu/ documents/financial-services/lu-millennials-wealth-management-trends-challenges-newclientele-.pdf disclaimer this document for informational purposes only and does not constitute offer solicitation sell shares securities trakinvest any related associated company. the information this document subject change update without notice and should not construed commitment trakinvest. further, may required amend the intended functionality trak tokens order ensure compliance with any legal regulatory obligations that apply now future. the information set forth below may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. its sole purpose provide relevant and reasonable information potential token holders order for them determine whether undertake thorough analysis the company with the intent acquiring trak tokens. nothing this white paper shall deemed constitute solicitation for investment, nor does any way pertain offering solicitation offer buy any securities any jurisdiction. investors and potential trak token holders should seek appropriate independent professional advice prior relying on, entering into any commitment transaction based on, material published this white paper, which material solely published for information purposes alone. this document not composed accordance with, and not subject to, laws regulations any jurisdiction, which are designed protect investors. the product token not digital currency, security, commodity, any other kind financial instrument and has not been registered under the securities laws any country, including the securities laws any jurisdiction which potential token holder resident. trak token confers other rights any form, including but not limited any ownership, distribution (including, but not limited to, profit), redemption, liquidation, property (including all forms intellectual property), other financial legal rights, other than those specifically set forth below. certain statements, estimates and financial information contained herein constitute forward-looking statements information. actual events results may differ materially from the estimates the results implied expressed any forward-looking statements stated this whitepaper owing certain risks and uncertainties. trakinvest has based these forward-looking statements its current projections about various future events and trends that believes may affect its financial condition, results operations, business strategy, financial needs, the results the token sale.