decentralized peer-to-peer media editing, transcoding distribution platform the transcodium team info@transcodium.com (company registration number: united kingdom) https://transcodium.com disclaimer liability please review carefully the present section "disclaimer liability". you have any doubts what actions you should take, recommend that you consult with your legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s). part this whitepaper reproduced, distributed disseminated without including this section "disclaimer liability". the sole purpose this whitepaper present transcodium ltd. and tns tokens potential token holders connection with the proposed token sale. the information provided for information purposes only. may not exhaustive and doesn't imply any elements contractual relationship obligations. despite the fact that make every effort ensure the accuracy, date and relevance any material this whitepaper, this document and materials contained herein are not professional advice and way constitutes the provision professional advice any kind. further, transcodium ltd. reserves the right modify update this whitepaper and information contained herein, any moment and without notice. the maximum extent permitted any applicable laws, regulations and rules, transcodium ltd. doesn't guarantee and doesn't accept legal responsibility any nature, for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising from related the accuracy, reliability, relevance completeness any material contained this whitepaper. further, transcodium ltd. does not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity, person, authority, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this whitepaper. you should contact relevant independent professional advisors before relying making any commitments transactions based the material published this whitepaper. this whitepaper not subject any legal system and not governed any law. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper, and such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. you don't have the right and shouldn't buy tns tokens you are citizen resident (tax otherwise) any country territory where transactions with digital tokens and/or digital currencies are prohibited any other manner restricted applicable laws. purchased tokens cannot offered distributed well cannot resold otherwise alienated their holders mentioned persons. your sole responsibility establish, consulting (if necessary) your legal, tax, accounting other professional advisors, what requirements and limitations, any, apply your particular jurisdiction, and ensure that you have observed and complied with all restrictions, your own expense and without liability transcodium ltd. tns tokens are not and will not intended constitute securities, digital currency, commodity, any other kind financial instrument and have not been registered under relevant securities regulations, including the securities laws any jurisdiction which potential token holder resident. this whitepaper not prospectus proposal, and its purpose not serve securities offer request for investments the form securities any jurisdiction. however, spite the above, legislation certain jurisdictions may, now future, recognize tns tokens securities. transcodium ltd. does not accept any liability for such recognition and\or any legal and other consequences such recognition for potential owners tns tokens, nor provide any opinions advice regarding the acquisition, sale other operations with tns tokens, and the fact the provision this whitepaper doesn't form the basis should not relied upon matters related the conclusion contracts acceptance investment decisions. this whitepaper doesn't oblige anyone enter into any contract, take legal obligations with respect the sale purchase tns tokens, and accept any crypto currency other form payment. potential owners tns tokens are advised contact relevant independent professional advisors, the above matters. certain statements, estimates and financial information contained herein, constitute forward-looking statements information. such forward-looking statements information involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual events results differ materially from the estimates the results implied expressed such forward-looking statements. further, all examples calculation income and profits used this whitepaper were provided only for demonstration purposes for demonstrating the industry's averages. for avoidance doubt, nothing contained this whitepaper may relied upon guarantee, promise, representation undertaking the future performance transcodium ltd. and/or tns token, and/or promise guarantee future profit resulting from purchase tns token. tns tokens cannot used for any purposes other than provided this whitepaper, including but not limited to, any investment, speculative other financial purposes. tns tokens confer other rights any form, including but not limited any ownership, distribution (including, but not limited to, profit), redemption, liquidation, property (including all forms intellectual property), other financial legal rights, other than those specifically set forth below. while the community's opinion and feedback can taken into account, tns tokens not give any right participate decision-making any direction business related the transcodium ltd. service. english language this whitepaper the primary official source information about the tns tokens, any information contained herein may from time time translated into other languages used the course written oral communications with customers, contractors, partners etc. the course such translation communication some the information contained herein may lost, corrupted misrepresented. the event any conflicts inconsistencies between such translations and communications and this english language whitepaper, the provision this english language whitepaper original document shall prevail. continuing reading this whitepaper, you confirm that you have read, understood, accepted, and agreed with, the above section "disclaimer liability". abstract transcodium aims provide the first peer-to-peer blockchain based and decentralized media transcoding, editing and distribution platform with high quality and reliable computational power very affordable price. this will create global market for users, willing rent their idle machines used workers (miners). further, the end the transcoding process, the worker (processor) will rewarded with the tns token. transcodium started medianap with visual cloud transcoding and media editing platform, but went out business due the high cost cloud servers, could not compete with the existing platforms and had switch another business. our team decided look into the project again but this time using the blockchain and decentralization technology. unlike the previous platform, transcodium's network will fully automated without human intervention. click here try our product click here track our existence since transcoding the process converting from one file format another desirable and compatible format. before your favourite social media platform streaming site such youtube netflix makes video available you, they need convert this video into multiple formats order support different devices such smartphones, laptop and desktop computers, tvs and more, since each them have different capabilities. some videos might even fail play over slow internet connection, these type videos will also need converted into lighter format for smooth streaming. workers are idle devices the network waiting process transcoding request. initiators are customers users who needs their files transcoded converted into another format. processors, this collective term denoting master nodes and workers. the global video streaming software market size expected grow from usd billion usd billion transcodium will tackle all the p's (privacy, pricing, and processing power) instance, there will limit how much processing power transcodium will able generate from its network. transcodium network will available its target customers more cheaper price than the current market price. transcodium's unique algorithm will enable the conversion media files supersonic speed splitting large media files into very tiny chunks and thereafter will encrypted, compressed and sent workers (idle devices) process. due the lightweight each chunk, these tasks will transferred and processed very fast speed, even smartphones will capable processing them. tokens will rewarded any worker who completes its task before the allocated timeout. you know: online marketers use video content https://www.wordstream.com/blog/ws////video-marketing-statistics https://www.wordstream.com/blog/ws////video-marketing-statistics table content introduction identified problem outlined solutions general structure transparency proof stake proof conversion workers customers developers open source transcodium token tns token sale token distribution bonus discounts funds allocation team roadmap risk factors introduction recently, the world has seen remarkable improvement the media industry, i.e. from video advertising media streaming, however, due the high cost cloud transcoding services, has been very challenging for startups and companies low budget who needs these services. since the emergence cloud technology, the transcoding industry has grown very large scale. are well known companies like netflix, amazon prime, vimeo, youtube, and e.t.c, who transcodes terabytes data daily basis, investing large amount their revenue media file conversion. the current report also predicts that, the year the transcoding market will grow percent cagr globally which reflects huge scope flourish. the concept transcoding has always been limited the conversion video and audio files, however, has the larger extent take any type file like pdf, html, word document and converts into any possible preferred format. transcodium will provide apis, console and gui applications for customers aid rapid transcoding process. before processing starts for each transcoding request, the initiator (customer) will provided with the estimated cost for approval, once approved, the initiator's wallet will debited for the processing commence. the file transcoding process includes two parties, master nodes, and workers. master nodes receive the transcoding request, they then split large media files into chunks when necessary, encrypts these chunks and forward them workers. workers, the other hand, are responsible for converting the file into the new format. any device can worker, but not master node. master node must have faster processing power and strong internet connection. master node can also serve worker simultaneously. master nodes are rewarded with the transcoding cost whilst shared amongst the workers. the master nodes are also responsible for joining the chunks when needed. multiple master nodes may process the same request for the sake data loss. master nodes have another opportunity earn from the distribution the final output multiple social media storage platforms which the initiator (customer) will charged for. did you know: one-third online activity spent watching video. identified problems with the current cloud transcoding platforms, the following problems and limitations were identified: cloud transcoding platforms are too expensive and are scaring away startups, who require their services. existing companies have spend more than half their income just for processing these media files, which not encouraging. long processing time due limited hardware. cloud transcoding platforms has hard limit hardware, therefore, all the files processed are queued, until their time due for processing, which causes frustrations the customer's side waiting for processing. due the centralized nature the platform, server outage downtime can cause failure the whole transcoding process wasting time, money and resources. most transcoding platforms are limited only media file formats, making very difficult convert other formats such images and documents formats. outlined solutions the problems here are the proposed solutions the problems above: the blockchain and decentralized technology model enables the provision cheaper and reliable alternative cloud transcoding. due the unlimited processing power, all thanks the workers, files will transcoded very fast speed, eliminating long queues and waiting time. single transcoding request will processed multiple nodes and workers, the outage one node worker will have effect the process, making more efficient and time-saving. https://www.wordstream.com/blog/ws////video-marketing-statistics transcoding will not limited audio and videos only, but also other file formats such images and documents. did you know: internet video traffic will account for all consumer internet traffic general structure the integrity will maintained the proof conversion. get the reward, the peer has submit proof conversion before the assigned timeout else the network will mark the task aborted. human interaction not required for completion the entire transaction. the transcoding process starts when master node receives request from the initiator, the master node will then analyze the file, split large media files into smaller chunks, encrypt them and distribute them idle workers with instructions. these chunks will small that they will transferred the worker little amount time even slow internet connection. due the little size this chunk, smartphones will capable processing them. data transfer between the master node and worker will have end end encryption for maximum privacy and security. the workers will process the file based the instruction attached the file chunk. after the processing done, the worker will send the processed file chunk the master node join required. the master node will then execute its final task exporting the output destination. multiple destinations are supported. the first destination will always free, but additional destination will attract fee which will rewarded the master node. the pricing system the transcodium network maintained the tns regulation. the tns regulation autonomous algorithm which brings balance between processors and initiators thereby making both parties happy. https://www.wordstream.com/blog/ws////video-marketing-statistics workers periodically send updates the master nodes about their status, this information sent includes their processing power, internet speed, conversion time and device information. the tns regulator uses this information together with proof stake and other factors randomly select idle workers for processing data. this also enables the network group workers based their performance. initiators have the free will select from price range per minute for quality video output and per minute for video quality output. prices may subject change the future due the following but not limited reasons such as: network growth, total capacity/load, etc. non-video files such audio will have the price range per minute output. files such images and documents (pdf, word and etc) cannot measured time (minute), they will measured according their size megabyte. megabyte file will have the price range per output unit. enable fairness the network, the highest paid task will assigned the best performing workers help provide the initiator value for the money paid. the image above explains the operation master node and workers the transcodium network. did you know: million hours facebook videos are watched every day transparency the use smart contract will enable transparency the network, vital information such the file duration, the amount the initiator was charged and the amount paid workers will all the public ledger. customers and workers can always check how much they have been charged paid respectfully for specific task the network. https://www.feedough.com/powerful-statistics-and-facts-for-facebook-marketers/ proof stake achieve better-decentralized consensus, the transcodium network employs the proof-of-stake type algorithm where workers are randomly selected based their wealth and age account. this helps selecting workers with quality processing power thereby saving time and money. proof conversion the proof conversion agreement between the master node and worker states that, worker has complete its task within the given time range receive the reward, during processing data, the worker sends progress update the master node, the worker must complete processing the data before the assigned timeout else the network will mark the task aborted inactive and will award that same task the next available idle worker. dynamic timeout set all transcoding activities based the performance the worker and the size data processed. the contract pays worker after successful transcoding and submission file. task deemed completed after the processed file uploaded and verified the master node. the proof conversion will backed smart contract. the proof conversion together with the proof stake makes the tns regulation which responsible for making smart random selection workers and bringing balance between initiators and processors. did you know: per day users spend hours watching netflix workers workers are idle devices responsible for processing data the network. any device with internet connection and capable installing our application can worker. worker can earn more rewards has higher specifications such multi-core device gpu based devices. once device installs the transcodium app, becomes part the transcodium network, initial device assessment will made help rank the device part the tns regulations. https://www.wordstream.com/blog/ws////video-marketing-statistics after successful task, workers are rewarded with the total amount paid tns token whilst goes the master nodes responsible for processing the final output and distribution. did you know: every minute hours music uploaded soundcloud customers transcodium network will enable customers avail unlimited processing power very cheap compensation for the task. customers will able select price from the range prices provided the tns regulation, the higher the price the faster the file conversion and vice versa. customers initiators will have three types interface ease the conversion process: api interface help developers integrate into their projects apps, the command line interface will for basic functionality and the advanced visual studio media editing app for complex media editing needs. the customer can select where export the file after processing, destinations such facebook, youtube, twitter, sftp, amazon aws, google drive and etc will supported. multiple destinations are supported. the first destination always free, other subsequent destinations will attract fee which will rewarded the master node processing it. before processing any file commence, the application will compute the total cost for the initiator approve, once approved, the initiator's wallet will debited. the debited amount will refunded processing fails. customers will need the tns token order pay for any transaction the network. https://expandedramblings.com/index.php/soundcloud-statistics/ did you know: average number monthly dailymotion video views billion developers transcodium will provide sdks apis for using accessing data the network. developers can build their own software service around it. use case developers building media conversion software can take great advantage services the network such providing their software's users with the ability export their output multiple destinations such youtube, facebook, dailymotion and etc. use case using the transcodium network, developers can build complex video and audio editing tools with advanced features which most cases will take forever processed user's computer smartphone. use case using the transcodium master node, developers can build their own exchange market assist trading the tns token easily, developers can add their own fees make profit. open source transcodium believe openness and transparency, support the open source idea, all our developments will made available everyone our github repository https://github.com/transcodium open sourcing our project will help promote innovation. will welcome contributions from anyone who wishes improve the project. show how serious care about this, recently open sourced the cloud version which was proprietary project. https://www.wordstream.com/blog/ws////video-marketing-statistics transcodium tns token tns token erc- compliant ethereum based token which designed work transcodium network. the token will mean payment within the network. the total supply the tns token million and has maximum decimal places. this fixed supply and will not decrease increase, the decision the total supply was made the transcodium team and founders. each token offers the following rights its holder: right transaction each token holder holds the right send receive tokens between one another. tokens can also sent the third party supported digital wallet. right services each token holder holds right get the services made available the company for the token, such media transcoding, file distribution etc. token sale transcodium intended use funds received during tns token sale for further development the project, payment salaries and future expenses. this will help accelerate development and also enable the team work full time with total commitment. during tns token sale, purchasers will provided with the tns token within two weeks after the end token sale; provided, that this term maybe extended due unforeseen circumstances. payment method will bitcoin, ethereum, litecoin other currency (cryptocurrency) may additionally introduced the transcodium. the tns token may used medium payments for services the transcodium platform and other transcodium based products. after token sale distribution, the tns token will have immediate usage the cloud transcoding platform until the the decentralized version the transcoding platform completed. the cloud transcoding platform will stop working after the decentralized transcoding platform completed and has started production, users and token holders together with their tns token balance will migrated the new decentralized platform automatically continue usage. the presale starts january th, and ends february th, during this period early purchasers will given discount for the first tokens sold. any unsold tokens after presale will moved the main token sale and will have the same bonus terms the main token sale. moreover, all the remaining tokens meant for sale after the main token sale will burned destroyed. purchasers will refunded the soft-cap not reached after the main token sale. the smart contract will handle all refund operations purchasers who contributed using ethereum, for non-ethereum purchasers, will manually send the refunds the addresses from which received the funds. tokens reserved for team members will locked until months after main token sale. also, team members will receive only their tokens after every months interval. token distribution total supply: oken sales (%) bonuses, discounts and token sale expenses (%) advisors partners (%) bounty (%) team members (%) marketing (present future), provision trial accounts for customers and platform testers. token type: ethereum erc- compliant price per token: (without discount/bonus) minimum purchase: tns bonus discounts presale no. tokens offer price usd no. tokens offer price usd usd usd usd token sale funds allocation soft cap: hard cap $,, project development (%) company expansion other countries (%) marketing brand awareness (%) operational expenses (%) legal insurance miscellaneous budget team ceo co-founder jeetendra kumar cryptocurrency investor enthusiast, angel investor, jeetendra has helped many startups such medianap from idea stage production stage, knows when invest and also works hand hand with team members achieve the goal. profiles: linkedin cto co-founder razak zakari with his vast knowledge programming languages such java, kotlin, python, php, javascript nosql databases, razak has worked projects ranging from small large scale size such geetmp.com, medianap.com playslack.com. also designed the architecture for the cloud version this product. profiles: linkedin stackoverflow github blockchain expert co-founder abhishek tiwari abhishek has years experience backend developer, frontend designer blockchain expert. blockchain enthusiast, helped built the blockchain based dapp for global rewards network called alloy codemojo limited profiles: linkedin backend developer blockchain expert rushio billings rushio has years experience scaling web architectures and building stable web systems. building the first caribbean bitcoin mobile ecosystem, rushio has immense knowledge the blockchain space. profiles: linkedin stackoverflow security analyst server marketing manager admin parvez alam recognized the microsoft security response center (msrc) bounty program top list .he has also been acknowledged google, sony, microsoft, yahoo, alibaba, paypal, adobe, e.t.c. parvez has trained more than students organizing seminars workshops. imran khan imran khan (mba) has years experience sales marketing both online offline. has mostly worked with multinational companies which helped him gain lot international exposure. profiles: linkedin profiles: linkedin engagement coordinator rupsa shea with her love for social media public interactions, rupsa responsible for transcodium's social media public communications. roadmap march first cloud version platform created january decision adopt blockchain decentralized technology over centralized cloud april research analysis into the blockchain decentralization technology november drafting white paper july company registration legal processing commenced january token presale march public token sale starts july development wallet (with built miner) for major platforms (android, windows linux) december development master node application for major platforms july first beta testing platform the provision fully paid premium accounts for token holders, brands, startups try the platform for month. november production commence for the platform risk factors the purchase tns token (hereinafter this article "risk factors" referred the "token" "tokens") may associated with high degree risk. protect the interests tokens' potential purchasers, the transcodium (hereinafter this article "risk factors" referred the "company") team conducted analysis such potential risks and outlined the result this analysis this chapter the whitepaper. important: the list risk factors described below not exhaustive. addition the risks disclosed this whitepaper, there may existing other risks which the company's team present can not reasonably forecast. these risks can materialize other forms risk than those specified here. prior acquiring tokens, each potential token purchaser advised carefully review all the information and assess the risks such purchase, including but not limited to, the risks set forth this whitepaper and decide upon purchase tokens based such assessment. technical and technological risks. risks the blockchain tokens are released ethereum blockchain. this regard, any malfunction the ethereum protocol may lead restriction the use tokens, and the fact that tokens the platform will function unforeseen manner. risk hacker attacks the platform, smart contracts, tokens tokens can expropriated and stolen, hacking tokens, otherwise. hackers other groups organizations may attempt intervene smart contract tokens various ways, including, but not limited to, virus attacks, ddos attacks, concerted attacks, network attacks, and denial service attacks, and others. addition, since the ethereum platform based open source software, there risk that ethereum smart contracts may contain intentional unintentional errors shortcomings that could adversely affect tokens lead loss tokens, loss access control tokens. the event such error weakness the software, there can remedy, and tokens owners are not guaranteed any compensation compensation. risk hacker attack the computer tokenholder, loss passwords private keys purchased tokens can stored the tokenholder her\his digital wallet safe, for which password, digital key combination digital keys required. accordingly, the loss the necessary keys associated with such digital wallet safe, can lead loss access tokens. addition, any third party that gets access such passwords and private keys (by way getting (through hacking, negligence tokenholder) access login credentials tokenholders' hosting-wallet, otherwise), will able use tokens the tokenholder. company assumes liability for such losses. risk using new technologies, and changes technology the future tokens and blockchain are fairly new and relatively untested technologies. although the moment they have largely proven their efficiency, reliability and security, there guarantee that future these technologies not fail any way. further, technological progress develops, flaws can found these technologies, which flaws will prevent their functioning the way that they function the moment. finally, there guarantee that these technologies will compatible with any new technologies invented future. the event such incompatibility, use tokens and blockchain can found unreasonable and stopped. risk incompatibility the cryptowallet service electronic cryptowallet wallet service provider that tokenholder has chosen will choose for obtaining and storing tokens, must technically compatible with tokens. failure comply with this condition may lead the fact that the tokenholder will not able get access her\his tokens. tokenholders must independently determine the fact the compatibility the cryptowallet she\he registered, with the tokens. company assumes responsibility for any errors related wrong determination the above fact. regulatory risks. risk regulatory uncertainty regulatory status cryptographic tokens, digital assets and blockchain technology, unclear not defined many jurisdictions. cannot excluded that such technologies, and, particular, tokens, will future become subject one more (adopted new) interpretations laws (or other regulations), court judgments, actions various regulatory bodies around the world, including, but not limited to, the imposition restrictions the use possession digital tokens, such tokens. such changes can adversely affect tokens various ways, including, for example, determining that tokens are regulated financial instruments that require registration compliance with other legal requirements and procedures. company may stop distributing tokens, developing platform terminating operations particular jurisdiction the actions regulatory authorities the relevant jurisdiction make illegal not commercially viable proceed. risk inability obtain, maintain renew licenses and permits the date tokens sale, there are statutory requirements requiring company obtain any licenses and permits necessary for the sale the tokens, but the risk that such legislative requirements may enacted the future cannot ruled out. this event, possibility sale and further use tokens will depend the procedure issuing such licenses and permits, and compliance with their terms. cannot exclude that requirements the law will technically economically unachievable for company. company may stop distribution tokens, develop platform terminate operations particular jurisdiction the event economic, technological other inability obtain the required licenses permits under such jurisdiction. the risk governmental action the industry blocking and reversing tokens new, and simply virtue novelty can subject increased supervision and regulatory control, including investigations enforcement actions. there can guarantee that the government will not study the activities the parties. all this can investigated, which turn can have significant negative impact tokens and platform development. business risks. risk failure development cannot excluded that for various reasons, including but not limited to, for reasons insolvency business technological strategies business arrangements, technological problems, emergence new technologies, etc., that the model that company developed and described this whitepaper, will not achieve the desired functionality, inoperative, work way different from what developers designed for. also, cannot exclude the risk that for these different reasons, development and implementation the model can take longer than company predicts the moment, and when the model ready, will appear outdated and\or irrelevant. risk insufficient implementation cannot excluded that, for various reasons, including, but not limited to, for reasons insolvency marketing strategies, external constraints, competitors' actions, the model developed company and described this whitepaper model may appear unpopular and\or unclaimed, lacking use and application. risk dependence third parties even after the launch, the model developed company and described this whitepaper will rely, wholly partially, third parties, for adoption and implementation certain functions, well for continuing its development, maintenance and support. though above-mentioned third parties are carefully selected company's team, there insurance guarantee that these third parties will their job properly, otherwise meet users' needs, and this can have significant adverse impact the platform. risk loss cash the project described this whitepaper, the model developed sompany, the platform being created, well any funds collected within the framework the token sale described, are not insured. case failure the project for any reason, loss functionality the token platform, there private public insurance representative whom token holders can apply for reimbursement. risk force majeure the future, there may extraordinary circumstances that company cannot reasonably anticipate prevent and that may subject restrictions impediments the operation the company token platform. company performance may interrupted, suspended delayed due force majeure circumstances. for the purposes this whitepaper, force majeure shall mean extraordinary events and circumstances which could not prevented company and shall include: acts nature, wars, armed conflicts, mass civil disorders, industrial actions, epidemics, lockouts, slowdowns, prolonged shortage other failures energy supplies communication service, acts municipal, state federal governmental agencies, other circumstances beyond company's control, which were not existence the time whitepaper release. value tokens. once purchased, the value tokens may significantly fluctuate due various reasons. company does not guarantee any specific value the tokens over any specific period time. company shall not held responsible for any change the value tokens. other risks. taxes. token holders are solely responsible for determining the transactions contemplated herein are subject any applicable taxes whether their home country another jurisdiction. will the sole responsibility token holders comply with the tax laws any jurisdictions applicable them and pay all relevant taxes. disclosure information. personal information received from tokens holders, the information about the number tokens owned, the wallet addresses used, and any other relevant information may disclosed law enforcement, government officials, and other third parties when company required disclose such information law, subpoena, court order. company shall time held responsible for such information disclosure. risk insufficient information. tokens are very early developmental stage and its philosophy, consensus mechanism, algorithm, code and other technical specifications and parameters could updated and changed frequently and constantly. while the whitepaper contains the up-to-date key information related tokens the date the whitepaper, not complete nor final and subject adjustments and updates that company may make from time time. company not position, nor obliged report every detail the development tokens and other elements the system presented company and therefore will not necessarily provide timely full access all the information relating the tokens, but will use reasonable efforts. contacts resources email website blog facebook twitter medium reddit telegram github support@transcodium.com https://transcodium.com https://blog.transcodium.com https://facebook.com/transcodium https://twitter.com/transcodium https://medium.com/@transcodium https://reddit.com/r/transcodium https://t.me/transcodium https://github.com/transcodium