tratok tratok white paper published the tratok association members contents introduction---------------------------------------------- page importance the travel and tourism industry-- page existing problems-------------------------------------- page lack transparency costs---------------------- page foreign currency exposure ------------------------- page transaction fees --------------------------------------- page delays with payment and refunds ----------------- page the inefficient "middleman" ------------------------- page the time cost and delay form filling ----------- page communication problems --------------------------- page fraud ----------------------------------------------------- page tratok solves all these problems --------------- page the application ----------------------------------------- page about the tratok token ------------------------------- page why the project likely succeed -------------- page the core team -------------------------------------- page plan action: original concept ------------------ page plan action: march update -------------- page current roadmap: january update ------- page tratok does things differently succeed ------- page current circumstances: updated june page the uae: the perfect launch ground ------------ page the pilot clients soft launch--------------------- page coin distribution --------------------------------------- page conclusion ---------------------------------------------- page supplementary information ------------------------- page disclaimer ----------------------------------------------- page tratok introduction tratok the aim this publication highlight the potential for improving the way that bookings can made the travel and tourism industry. despite the sector's vital importance, there remain several inefficiencies which have remained unaddressed for too long. this paper will attempt explain, simple terms, why the sector great importance, summarize the existing problems and propose viable solution. doing this, demonstrate how the leveraging blockchain technology can used create relevant app powered single global token which can revolutionise the industry sustainable way which mutually beneficial for all relevant stakeholders. importance the travel and tourism industry the importance travel and tourism the global economy cannot overstated. major driver global growth, the sector directly contributed trillion dollars global gdp the contribution looks even more impressive when one considers that indirect contributions amounted excess trillion dollars and the industry can credited with providing million jobs (world travel tourism council, despite the already leviathan size the sector, shows signs slowing down. according the world travel tourism council, expenditure the sector forecasted grow approximately per annum over the next decade. during the same period, forecasted that all new jobs created will supported travel and tourism resulting total million jobs. put this into perspective that would approximately one ninth global employment. should these forecasts hold true, means that not only will this sector outperform other sectors but will contribute global gdp. the facts and figures speak for themselves and show the vital economic significance and opportunities that travel and tourism present. should take the financial aspects the sector the side, there multitude other reasons why the sector important modern society. with the world getting smaller due ease transport and affordability, the importance awareness and appreciation different cultures and societies continues grow the day. the world opens more and becomes larger melting pot multiculturalism, travel can expected play vital role the appreciation and understanding each other. therefore duty humanity make access international travel more efficient and lower thresholds ensure wider access all. recent years, the industry has made effective use leveraging new technologies order enhance stakeholder experience. put this into clearer perspective according our conducted surveys americans prefer booking hotels online and preferred booking vacation transport online. analysis these trends shows that the path least resistance for the continued growth online bookings due the comparative ease contrast with traditional methods. short, stakeholders this sector are open evolving with the times and embracing the new methods arranging their travel results better user experience and more time and cost efficient. this means that any disruptive gamechanging technology more likely embraced rather than resisted its intended user base. tratok existing problems tratok lack transparency costs unfortunately, often the case that the price presented individual not the final price that the consumer asked pay. often when making reservation online the initial total cost hidden from the client until they have gone through the whole process and effectively are the final check out. only then, after they have committed much their time filling out information and perfecting their reservation, which they are presented with the genuine cost. this not only misinformation but also time consuming. despite the total economic value the travel and tourism sector, there are several shortcomings which have yet solved acceptable manner. these issues affect the vast majority stakeholders but due the benefit that provides other stakeholders, embracing the new efficient technology has been delayed. this happening the benefit the "middleman" and financial service providers, coming the expense service providers and service consumers. let consider few these problems and highlight how they cause problems. becomes quickly apparent that these problems all have simple common solution. regularly the consumer will change their mind when they see that fees are substantially higher than what they initially believed in. this represents even greater problem when one considers that different countries and different services will subject different fees. indeed, holidaymakers will usually choose one destination over another based price without knowledge that the price will substantially change. this can further complicated when prices are displayed different currencies. having standard full price the initial selection would not only the fairest way display the genuine cost but would also allow consumers make more informed decision when choosing destination and service. the existing and ineffective current pathway: searches for hotel booking (e.g. london for three nights) prices displayed are not the final price client makes selection client the client now has make another selection the client's time has been wasted client now sees price sometimes greater than expected the client's user experience was poor the efficient pathway: searches for hotel booking (e.g. london for three nights) full prices displayed from available venues client makes selection and reserves client foreign currency exposure due fluctuations currencies, conjunction with mark-ups that financial institutions provide foreign currency transactions, purchases non-local currency affect the consumers and the suppliers substantially. this particularly true for hotel chains and airlines that provide services global scale leaves them prone swings currency valuation. this has significant impacts their p&l. having standard currency token would not only eliminate the need pay significant conversion fees but would also minimise the risk exposure significant fluctuations currency. such universal token would effectively ensure more accurate representation income for the supplier and expense for the consumer. tratok tratok transaction fees online reservations, despite the client doing the majority the work, have significant transaction fees. among these fees include charges imposed payment gateway providers (visa, american express etc.) and affiliates. this cost usually hidden from the consumer, but the core fact that they exist and burden the consumer and the service provider. such fees are also unbalanced. the process making booking universal. process form should not cost for one booking and for another booking quite simple because one service more expensive. fees need standard, fair and transparent. with the existence blockchain, transaction fees would transparent and minimal. there longer excuse why transaction fees should high. they not benefit either the consumer the provider the service who are the most important stakeholders the sector. delays with payment and refunds issues with the reclamation payments for cancellation has remained consistent problem with electronic reservations. this for multitude reasons, the main one being the multiple parties involved the processing any such refund. for example, the financial institutions will charge fees, then the service provider has decide how handle the processing the refund with regards how much the commission they have offered the "middleman". there also the issue that was foreign currency transaction, the client will once again lose few percent the transaction the reverse trade. add further insult injury, many service providers will also charge their own cancellation fees and can take working days issue refund. this far from ideal. the unfortunate outcome that not unusual for consumer who has requested refund find themselves reimbursed month later with only fraction what they paid and result have every right discontent with the outcome. aside from the inconvenience this unfair practice, damaging for the industry. having simple one path gateway with minimum and transparent transaction fees and almost instantaneous execution time will ensure that any refunds the future would almost instantaneous and with minimal inconvenience and minimal loss funds. with the technology being available the moment, lacks all logic that this transition has not yet happened more cost-effective and convenient for both the consumer and the service provider. need refund due cancellation service provider contacts merchant and their financial service provider time delays and increased costs the client now has make another selection merchant contacts their financial service provider client after great effort, only fraction the refund received month late the efficient pathway: need refund due cancellation service provider processes refund client refund issued within hours tratok the inefficient "middleman" the century, the majority are capable finding information for ourselves. defies logic that there should still "middleman" charging large commissions for information that are able retrieve with few clicks the mouse. having platform which will directly connect the consumer and provider with standardised and transparent minimal fee, transaction costs will significantly reduced. this will result lower cost for the buyer and greater profit for the service provider. nonsensical that despite all transactions having the same effort process that the price model reflects the value the transaction rather than the process itself. there should one flat fee which transparent and which shown all parties involved transactions. this the fairest way things free market and has the way forward because consumers will longer tolerate being overcharged for minimal efforts the part "facilitators". not unusual for online travel agencies (ota's) leverage their power impose uncompetitive terms service providers, including but not limited to: commission revenue. days delay payment trade receivables. demanding control inventories. forcing rate parity (where the provider cannot charge lower than the price set the ota). mass sell offs inventory hugely discounted prices. present this the course many legal dispute multiple regions the world and has even resulted penalties from organisations such the federal cartel office. short, this behaviour toxic the industry and hindrance the growth and prosperity healthy tourist ecosystem. the time cost and delay form filling filling out personal details and payment details over and over again not only time consuming but also annoying. this particularly true one "always the road". storing client details the app which utilizes blockchain, they are attached with every payment. this eliminates the mundane task filling out forms and allows the client focus more important things. tratok the existing and ineffective current pathway client client makes reservation client has fill out their personal information time has been wasted client has enter their payment information reservation made the efficient pathway: client makes reservation and sends payment from their connected wallet communication problems communication remains another shortcoming. whether you are getting contact regarding cancellation, refund for any other reason, can frustrating connect the relevant person who can solve your problem. this complication can increase for multitude reasons. perhaps you did not make booking directly and therefore you have speak tour travel agent third party website which then has relay your desired changes, often failing make the correct amendments. perhaps you not have all the information available and the service having trouble finding your booking. many cases simply matter time and effort can very expensive and timeconsuming try reach someone over the phone when you're the other side the world. platform which the client could directly leave comments request for existing bookings would solve this problem with immediate effect. should simple selecting the booking the platform, entering your requirement and waiting for the relevant party reply. this would save the client time, funds and less stressful for all stakeholders. tratok tratok fraud the industry riddled with fraud which influences multiple stake holders. just name few examples such fraud: review fraud, where service providers hire firms leave fake reviews competitors and positive reviews themselves. credit card fraud, where payments are made without consent the card holder. phishing attempts where fraudulent websites pose legitimate service providers. with million fraudulent bookings the u.s. alone clear that the financial impact this issue has significant impact the industry. verifying all transactions via blockchain, becomes possible easily ensure that reviews are left only genuine clients, while bookings are free from fraud and abuse. tratok solves all these problems the tratok token can solve all these problems powering purpose designed multi-platform application which can link consumers with suppliers. both stakeholders will register and matched appropriately the digital marketplace via self-improving (machine learning) ai. real-time prices would offered settled the time with all fees and transaction costs displayed from the start for full transparency. addition this service providers maintain full contact and ownership their bookings, are subject minimal transaction fees and receive trade receivables matter hours rather than weeks months. combined with massive reduction fraud, such revolution not only productive industry health, but also the next revolutionary step. environment rising costs and increasing competitions, increase profit margins and faster cash turnovers will result the industry thriving. tratok strives take this further and more than just token, but rather entire ecosystem that powered blockchain. the application client's information already attached the token. prices displayed fully including all costs. client various offers match client queries client client service providers have offers listed the data base client can view specific orders cancel, amend required with minimal hassle about the tratok token the token, tratok will erc compliant usage token based ethereum with decimal places, the lowest volume being this allows take advantage ethereum's greedy heaviest observed subtree (ghost) protocol, allowing for faster block creation times without endangering the integrity security the blockchain. this results faster and safer transactions. further information tratok circulation and distribution will revealed later this paper. tratok tratok why the project likely tosucceed tratok going ram the industry and shake its foundations. relevant, adoptable, mutually beneficial. relevant: the project addresses real problems and fixes them with viable solution. the project focused growth industry that has staying power. the travel and tourism sector will ever present and continue grow with expectation that will contribute global gdp the team assembled for the project have the necessary expertise and industry connections maximise the chances success. more information the team members will available the tratok website and later this paper. adoptable: the technology exists for the app created across multiple platforms. free participation lowers barriers entry. statistics show that clients the travel and tourism industry are happy embrace new technology enhances their experience. e.g. americans prefer booking hotels online and preferred booking vacation transport online. rational clients will embrace the new app for the simplicity and economic benefits. rational suppliers will embrace the new app for the economic benefits and access wide pool global consumers. initial consumers will rush the app for the rewards granted early adopters. (more information available coin distribution below). mutually beneficial: more economical for all stakeholders. more time efficient for all stakeholders. project management's financial success closely tied the success the project, with sell clauses their token holdings (see coin distribution). the project will earn revenue based flat and transparent transactions per fee, charged tratok. therefore the company's success directly tied ensuring superior stakeholder user experiences ensure the service continues used. the core team with decades experience leading some the world's most important banks and multi-national companies, mr. paillart's experience, guidance and industry connections are immeasurable value the tratok project. philippe paillart ceo and president sin rong, investment and advisory company based singapore, and operating europe, asia, and australia, well partner motet, international advisory group focusing financial services. also chairman link financial and oneempower. mr. paillart the former ceo and vice chairman dbs bank, singapore's largest bank. prior that, served chairman and ceo ford credit and ford financial services (the biggest finance company the world). philippe paillart chairman created citibank personal banking, the first global retail organisation within citibank, served the board citibank germany (the largest and most profitable franchise europe), standard chartered bank and standard chartered group, directly responsible for retail banking and group strategy. mr. paillart graduated from the paris business school (escp) with major accounting finance. graduate the paris university (law school) and received pmd from harvard university. then followed early planning and marketing career renault with eight years business leadership roles banking and finance across asia, europe, and the us. tariq bin hendi tariq bin hendi the executive vice president and head products advisory, retail banking wealth management emirates nbd group. tariq previously served the ceo emirates nbd asset management and acting-cio role for emirates nbd. has over years experience, with primary focus asset management, private equity and investment banking. prior his current role, tariq held various roles commercial bank dubai, mubadala, citigroup, dubai holding, delta airlines and ups. currently sits the boards axa gcic, dgcx, and enbd reit. holds phd economics from imperial college london (uk) well graduate degrees from columbia university (usa) and london business school (uk), and undergraduate degree from clayton state (usa). senior advisor corporate vice president for cisco's global public sector, amr responsible for implementing cisco's vision enable the digital transformation those who serve, protect, and educate. amr drives cisco's global strategy and go-to-market for federal government, state local government, education, defense, public safety, healthcare, utilities and transportation. leading this business, amr oversees all cisco's functions deliver profitable growth, increase market share, drive cisco's architectural priorities and improve cisco's overall position the public sector. amr salem senior advisor prior this role, amr was cisco's global managing director for smart cities and iot for public sector. this role, amr managed global team that developed strong gtm strategy for smart cities and the iot portfolio. amr grew this business from incubation stage $b, where cisco enjoys market-leading position. prior this role, amr was global managing director for emerging solutions go-to-market, leading sales for solutions education, healthcare, building automation, and smart cities. before that, was director public sector for the emerging markets, leading sales across eastern europe, middle east, africa, and latam. came this role after leading cisco's business general manager for the north africa and levant regions the middle east. prior joining cisco amr held the middle east regional general management and sales leadership roles for hewlett packard, compaq and digital equipment corporation. amr has been member the young presidents organization for several years and currently the chairman emirates chapter dubai. also advises many tech entrepreneurs around the world. amr has bsc electrical engineering from cairo university, lives dubai with his wife and three children, speaks english, french and arabic, and enjoys many outdoor sports. tratok tratok mohammed altajir currently works for emirates nbd, the largest bank dubai. his current role, altajir serves the manager analytics and product development within wholesale banking's research team. his main focus the major pairs with strong emphasis accurate forecasting. this achieved via combining traditional fundamental and technical analysis with cutting-edge technologies such sentiment miners, big data and computer-enhanced algorithms identify market trends and risks. his secondary role, altajir oversees the enhancement research and informational awareness through the leverage custom designed and machine learning technologies add new capabilities support the bank's business functions. mohammed altajir custodian combining his background research and strategy with his strong regional business connections, mohammed lends additional support the project advising strategic partnerships and giving crucial insights into the project's direction. rohit has extensive operational and financial experience within the retail industry across mena, asia pacific and europe. has been instrumental bringing some the well-known american f&b and apparel brands the mena region. rohit has also lead multi-billion dollar acquisition projects across mena and europe, covering retail and fmcg. his previous roles, rohit has managed total p&l portfolios with revenues exceeding usd billion spanning countries and continents. rohit kohli chief financial officer prior the current role, rohit was the cfo for pasha group azerbaijan where oversaw the strategic development the fmcg landscape across the country. played key role introducing award-winning fmcg concept the market, bravo, which reported revenues excess usd billion after completion its year operations. rohit holds masters degree from edinburgh business school, and also member the chartered institute management accountants. omar hussein has over than fifteen years work experience information technology and ecommerce. has founded successful startups across multiple sectors including technology, e-commerce and smart home automation. business professional and serial entrepreneur with extensive successful experience business development, sales and management. market development through distribution channels. during his career hewlett-packard ranked the top the company's global employees. omar hussein chief technology officer his latest project home bazar, online marketplace empowering independent sellers and makers who create unique products from home. nicholas paillart brings with him over years loyalty and payments background the team with career spanning across europe, south east asia and the middle east. director singapore's largest loyalty and payments provider, nicholas was instrumental setting and managing some asia's largest loyalty programs travel, hospitality and banking, before bringing the platform the middle east where formed the backbone for the middle east's first network dining loyalty program. nicholas was also hired mastercard's card services secure travel and hospitality network cardholder privileges for the elite and world elite programs. nicholas paillart director corporate social responsibility member the rotary club dubai and regional manager for the bring hope humanitarian foundation, nicholas does not hesitate leverage his network secure medical and humanitarian aid for displaced peoples across the middle east and africa. nicholas delegate general the souvenir francais, public utility organization dedicated honoring and transferring the memory those who gave their life for france. mustafa serves key developer for tratok's machine learning algorithm which responsible for efficiently matching consumers with appropriate services. holder bsc mathematics and msc applied statistics from the university london, mustafa has had interesting career over the last few years. mustafa kasdi his previous roles, mustafa has worked data scientist for aquila insight (merkle). this capacity, enabled clients including uber, renault, sony and wilko gain competitive advantage helping them translate data into strategic options. kasdi has also worked with renmoney mfb limited, building scorecards that help determine customer loan default behaviour and therefore enhance credit risk models. data scientist and machine learning developer tratok tratok plan action: original concept august (defunct march november complete sector feasibility identify suitable development team and advisors january complete whitepaper summary the projects ambitions february set the website, finalize teams and generate the tokens. april first ico june second ico finalize strategic partnerships october list major exchanges set marketing efforts and campaigns november begin development multi-platform application and set the company that owns the app's intellectual property june launch the application for consumer use plan action when implemented updated march the tratok project exists make travel more accessible. the project aims address shortcomings the industry leveraging blockchain technology eliminate fraud, hidden transaction costs, excessive commissions from financial service providers and online middle mean, and ensure transparent marketplace with fast booking times and efficient approaches amendments and refunds. done due diligence with regards project team profiles, partners, media coverage even legal set up. the team are tratok concerned that they are mainly focused making fast gains and less concerned with the long-term health the industry. this behaviour that can neither supported nor sponsored those who believe the disruptive capability blockchain and the long-term benefits can bring the world. the world-renowned team behind the project believe the power blockchain technology revolutionise the existing sector models and have demonstrated that they can increase service provider profitability more than while the same time resulting lower costs for consumers. however, the same feasibility studies also demonstrated that order impact the industry with the desired effect, widespread adoption the token was required. was under this philosophy that the original strategy was formulated partner with notable exchange and distribute tokens fixed intervals over two year period prevent hoarding and ensure widespread adoption and availability all. blockchain remains its infancy and still has large obstacles overcome, mainly being embraced the majority public. such careless practices exchanges have led members the public being taken advantage fraudulent icos, investing "magic beans" and losing their money and confidence. this outcome harmful the future blockchain and viable projects like tratok. such more ethical approaches have been discussed. due the irresponsible practices many the exchanges, this policy has been abandoned. rather than back viable projects and doing proper due diligence projects before exposing their users, exchanges are instead hunting project team members social media and contacting them guaranteeing listing for fee. during tratok ltd has been contacted few exchanges offering guaranteed listings for single upfront payment. conversations with these exchanges have made obvious that they have not instead the previous allocated billion free tokens that were provided the exchanges distribute their users, significant amount this holding will now airdropped directly wallets free charge. this will ensure widespread distribution, raise awareness and prevent the endorsement practices that are harmful blockchain. the time and date these airdrops will announced via tratok ltd's media partners the coming weeks. always, the team behind the tratok project want confirm our commitment all stakeholders seeing this project through and focusing our efforts achieving all the project's goals. tratok tratok current roadmap updated january tratok does things differently succeed the vision behind the tratok token has always been make travel and tourism more cost-effective, transparent, free fraud and fairer all relevant stakeholders. this mission has always been taken into consideration throughout every step the project's life and remains the central core principle the tratok team. throughout the requirements capture, team assembly, formulation and realization the project's strategy, the integrity this core value has been the primary focus. the directors and developers tratok believe the ability leverage new technology disrupt the sector and make redefining changes. truth, the primary determining factor whether the project succeeds whether the application the end product feasible, deliverable and add long-term value. was with this mind and after conducting multiple feasibility studies and stress tests under various contingent conditions and scenarios, that the existing business plan was adopted. tratok's research revealed that order for the project succeed, the following are necessary: team: the project had led team proven professionals who have established reputations and track records not only working globally recognised institutions but also having record adding value and creating revenue-generating businesses. having team experts from various backgrounds who all command respect their industry and have influential relationships with key industry connections increases the probability the project achieving its goals exponentially. reason: the project has solve real problems and enhance the current systems place for all stakeholders. has necessary, for specific use and offer significant advantages over existing frameworks. does not, then the end product not viable long-term solution and game changer. access: order succeed truly global scale, the token has available for widescale adoption without limitation and access boundaries. anyone, anywhere the world with access the internet should able own, use and benefit from tratok tokens. technology: the project must achievable with existing resources and have realistic timeframe. openness: the team behind the project have honest and open-minded. this means the transparent sharing developments, both positive and negative through social media and news services. addition, the team should listen all constructive criticism and when appropriate, implement new features enhance and maximise the end user experience. kinship: order succeed, the fate and destiny the developers and management have directly linked the success the project. tratok tratok was with all this mind that the tratok team decided avoid the traditional ico (initial coin offering) pathway and adopt unique model that would ensure smooth development, delivery, the formation first-class partnerships and widespread adoption the token. this contrast many who have sought capitalize "cryptomania" and raise funds with whitepaper and promises new groundbreaking product. many them have been irresponsible had dishonourable intentions and have not: conducted responsible feasibility studies. assembled team calibre pedigree. determined how they will deliver the product and make mainstream. thought about how make the business sustainable. considered how they would win over market share from the existing players. been honest open. have legal entity. sought sound advice from seasoned and respected professionals. short, wonderful hear about people promising outlandish miracle solutions that for example, can end all war, world hunger, global poverty and sickness. actually being able deliver, entirely different matter. formulating our own strategy, tratok now position strength relative those who have conducted such practices. unlike those with the aims realizing quick gains the expense others, damaging the reputation the industry, tratok proud that our approach far different and can honestly disclose the following statements, backed concrete facts: the company overseeing the project has been incorporated successfully legal entity. tratok ltd exists the real world, not only paper. the project team composed seasoned and proven experts who each bring strengths, experience, passion and connections the project. the team composed individuals who have worked sovereign wealth funds, leading global financial institutions and fortune companies. these companies are publicly shared and such our team does not have brag about false accomplishments hide behind bio descriptions such "market expert". simple internet search will show the world their real accomplishments and the globally recognised companies that they have held management and executive roles at. project development ahead schedule. addition, many new features have been added response community feedback such the inclusion travel advisors and full social and communication portals for service providers and consumers. this brings level transparency that has never been seen before the industry and empowers all stakeholders while making the marketplace more transparent than ever. truly universal and global rewards program has been created, the first its kind. this program actually provides genuine benefit and based our large sample random blindfeasibility studies was appreciated more statistically significant level with confidence interval the token has been generated and transparently distributed. not only have the project's management divulged the initial distribution the tokens the public but addition, the wallet addresses have been made public. there full transparency everyone can see what happening happens. sustainable and effective corporate social responsibility programs have been established with organisations that tratok can proud associated with and that actually make difference humanitarian aid and improving the lives others. about helping those need, not simply trying look compassionate. some business partnerships with key industry players have been finalized while others are advanced stages negotiations and some early stages. expect disruptive announcements the near future made from their end. these are global chains and brands that everyone will recognise and that most travelers would have used during their last travels. proof concept and testing multiple service providers have proven that sustainable savings ranging from are the norm for adoption and implementation tratok. this based data from the service providers' operations teams and under thorough testing across multiple scenarios. don't take our word for it, there reason why key industry players are embracing the technology. the project management have found themselves position where they have been able turn down offers from venture capitalists and early speculators, entering such agreements would hinder the widespread adoption tratok, promote greater volatility and speculation and cause public confidence the purpose designed usage token wane. the fact that tratok ltd has received multiple offers demonstrates the potential that the "smart money" sees the project. tratok tratok over the months ahead the following milestones will achieved: business partnerships will announced the public. (update: achieved two months early) public announcements concerning more senior executive and non-executive appointments the team will made public. (update: achieved two months early) listing the exchanges with the gradual and controlled release the token ensure widespread adoption the public. (update: achieved four months early) continued testing the alpha-stage platform for consumers and service providers will continue. (update: achieved five months early) showcase the prototype platform and its features will made public. (update: achieved five months early) always, the team remains dedicated our mission statement improving the sector and continuing act with integrity, honesty and with the industry's best future interests heart. current circumstances updated june tratok has overcome its challenges and finds itself healthy position with working ecosystem product seven months ahead schedule. the unorthodox approach and attitude transparency and wanting change the world for the better have resulted tratok enjoying great popularity and support from crypto enthusiasts and some the general public. while other projects capitalized cryptomania effectively take tens millions dollars public funding, only silent, tratok was funded its founders and have the public via airdrops. attention was focused actually using the power blockchain change the industry and fix its problems rather than simply making replacement for traditional currencies. these efforts have paid off can evidenced the facts below: tratok has over supporters social media and engagement rate that higher than the industry average. there are holders tratok. tratok has received significant media coverage. (see supplementary reading) tratok listed seven exchanges with access volume liquidity over billion usd per calendar month. the price tratok has risen over while the benchmark cryptocurrencies are only within their values since the time launch. tratok has reached market capital million usd. the ecosystem foundation was created seven months early and refined based the feedback beta testers for the enhancement user experience. the ecosystem has proven that all stakeholders benefit multiple revolutionary ways. (see supplementary reading). the platform profitable commission (compared with from current ota's). for example, usd booking, there usd commission compared with the existing $-$ fee. transaction costs usd payment (compared with $-$). transactions take less than seconds completed and confirmed. tratok tratok the uae: the perfect launch ground you wish succeed and become global disruptor, you should start succeeding home. tratok finds itself the enviable position having the opportunity launch the united arab emirates. self-transformed tourist superpower, the nation's enlightened leadership encourages adoption disruptive technology keep the nation innovative and the cutting edge. this approach adopt new technology, combined with appetite set new standards the sector make the uae the ideal venue launch such game changing idea. this combination with expo being around the corner and the enthusiasm for blockchain adoption africa and south-east asia (sources growing tourism for the uae) make the emirates the perfect launch ground. the business environment willing, the facilities and infrastructure exist and the timing perfect. such combination ideal change the sector for the benefit all the primary stakeholders. pilot test september tratok did pilot test between the september the october test the process and identify any teething problems between our clients and service providers. ensure neutrality, candidates were randomly chosen among the airdrop participants. luck would have it, these candidates were the ideal demographic for tratok. two honest and diligent individuals from working-class background who, not for the existence tratok would have never had chance come dubai and realize what, their own words, they called dream. michael s., and darrell not only encountered teething problems, but furthermore had great time and commented positively the whole experience. addition this, the feedback was noted both trialists and the partners social media. following the success this launch, tratok currently gearing deploy the other service providers have agreements with our ecosystem and welcome more the world dubai. the team takes great pride knowing that the project has already had positive impact the lives least two people. using blockchain technology address problems the industry, board partners, and deliver clients these partners, tratok has proven that not only does the concept work, but that sound, viable and superior existing systems. efforts can now turn towards the transition from proof concept phase growth. tratok tratok coin distribution (updated may tratok will distributed shown the diagram below. such distribution efficient and chosen for number reasons. rewards early backers the project, early users the application and considers corporate social responsibility via donations educational institutions. addition, explained earlier, ties the overwhelming amount employee and management capital the success the project ensuring ongoing drive achieve the project's goals. the total supply tratok will billion (,,,) tokens. such large volume required prevent hoarding and sufficient match the value transactions the sector. the tratok will have two year month) sell clause. the tratok will have one year month) sell clause. the tratok will have two year month) sell clause. *** tratok will released one exclusive exchange initially. there will release billion tokens the first instance, followed million tokens released every month for the next calendar months. the tokens will released from multi-password protected "custodian wallet" whose address shall made public for the purpose transparency. this action reflected the illustration below. this ensures gradual release onto the market which will prevent oversupply and ensure gradual widespread adoption. addition, prevents early adopters hoarding the supply and manipulating the price while allowing continued funding and development the project. conclusion conclusion, the travel and tourism sector continues grow and there exists ample opportunity improve the reservation systems leveraging the latest technologies. such actions would lower costs, increase profitability and make bookings more efficient. with the correct team experienced professionals and custom built multi-platform app powered appropriate token, the tratok project can address these issues. such project could realistically have its goals realised within medium time frame for investments which represent modest risk given the potential awards. the end result would sustainable and profitable business which mutually beneficial all stakeholders while adding value and improving the important travel and tourism industries. tratok tratok supplementary information main website: https://tratok.com travel platform: https://tratok.net block explorer: https://etherscan.io/token/xeacabbfdcafbfcfef latest smart contract address: xeacabbfdcafbfcfef first generation smart contact address: xcbcbbaebccdcecb prototype smart contract address: xdaaabcdfecdfcbbfe tratok's view regulation: https://tratok.com/regulation-is-good-for-projects-like-tratok/ transparency and values: https://tratok.com/transparency-and-values/ how consumers benefit from tratok minute video): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bkqnrocfo how service providers benefit from tratok minute video): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xw_evornq how easy liquidate tratok minute video): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=woewcc tratok more than token ecosystem minute video): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=depshqkwag examples media coverage: https://tratok.com/reports/newswire_report__march_.pdf disclaimer this white paper describes our current vision for using the tratok token purpose built developed platform change the way reservations are made the travel and tourism industry. while have every intention realizing this goal, please aware that success dependent numerous factors and with all new dynamic projects, there are risks. while the team assembled has proven skills and records building successful businesses, there always the risk that our envisioned platform may only live portion our expectations. past success guarantee future success. blockchain and other aspects the technology that wish use revolutionize the business are still the early days their infancy. understand that many may purchase tokens simply for speculation and can give honest answer our expectations what value these tokens may to. will attempt diligently provide updates all our stakeholders the project matures and development comes fruition. maintain that the views this white paper are based our analysis and market expectations and should not taken definite outcome. these are targets, not guarantees. tratok