business plan december travala numbers travala.com disclaimer you must read the following disclaimer full before continuing. this business plan not prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute itself offer securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment, solicitation for any form investment any jurisdiction. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this document. this business plan has not been registered with any regulatory authority any jurisdiction. the information and opinions contained this document not purport comprehensive and have not been independently verified. while this document has been prepared good faith, representation, warranty, assurance undertaking (express implied) will made, and responsibility, liability duty care will accepted (travala limited) ("travala") any its investors subsidiaries any their respective affiliates, advisers relation the adequacy, accuracy, completeness, reliability reasonableness this document. all and any such responsibility and liability are expressly disclaimed. particular, but without prejudice the generality the foregoing, representation, warranty, assurance undertaking given the achievement reasonableness any future projections, management estimates, prospects returns contained this document, such other information, notice document. these projections are illustrative only and actual results may materially affected economic changes other circumstances which cannot foreseen. the reader this document acknowledges that should conduct its own independent investigation and assessment the validity the information contained this document and the economic, financial, regulatory, legal, taxation and accounting implications that information and consult its own professional advisers. the information this document subject change update without notice and should not construed commitment travala. this document for informational purposes only and does not constitute offer solicitation sell shares securities travala any related associated company. this business plan current form being circulated travala for general information and invite feedback only the travala.com platform presently conceived, and subject review and revision the directors travala, advisors the entity and/or legal advisors travala. travala.com contents executive summary the problem the solution introducing travala opportunity size target market the user journey the travala ecosystem business model ava the travala economy competition token distribution use funds roadmap our partners the team appendix travala.com executive summary travala already-operational one-stop travel booking platform which combines the best this generation's booking website functionality with the incredible benefits enabled next generation's decentralized technologies and tokenized incentive structures. the online travel agency ("ota" e.g. expedia, booking.com, ctrip, tripadvisor etc.) model was revolutionary when arrived over ten years ago, but its current form broken, with oligopolistic market the top sites owned players) featuring high middleman fees and limited product differentiation. this lack true consumer choice has been well-hidden to-date, through clever multi-site branding and dialled-up discounts given high mark-ups, but cracks are beginning appear the facade. early disruptive developments the travel industry, such that brought airbnb, showed that consumers are ready migrate platforms which empower smaller suppliers and make more relevant the impact user reputation and trustworthy reviews. core enabling technology for travala, blockchain signifies third evolutionary leap for human connectivity (firstly voice telephony, secondly data transmission), and now empowering real value exchange between network participants. the travel industry, where central authority was previously required validate bookings and guarantee payment, becoming possible link buyers and sellers directly benefit from lower fees, instant payments and trustworthy reviews. parallel with the change our surrounding technologies, consumer demographics and their preferences continue evolve. younger generations consumers are driving the movement towards decentralized technologies, best symbolised the rise bitcoin and other peer-to-peer cryptocurrencies. most importantly, demographic groups such that referred gen-z (born between and the eldest now years age are fundamentally different consumers those classified baby boomer and generation gen-z dislike the established order, have not yet formed their brand loyalties, and yet are tech-native and extremely sociallyaware. this generation consumers are expected travel more than any group before them, but are also forecast new ways. travala, next-gen online travel agency (nota), fundamentally changes the relationship between this consumer the future and their travel shopping. travala's target market benefits from: travala.com globally-competitive range travel services; accommodation (hotels, resorts, hostels), flights, things (tours, activities, experiences), restaurants, transfers, car rentals, vacation rentals and cruises always available minimum average lower than current mainstream otas; enabled through agile integration the leading wholesale travel solution partners with both leading cryptocurrencies and traditional (fiat) currencies payment options boosted with discounts and special offers direct from brands and suppliers validated through blockchain-verified reviews for feedback authenticity underpinned token-powered incentivization economy which gives real rewards for valuable acts such user referrals and key-opinion-leader content innovative design and user mechanics for best-in-class user experience this travala value proposition powered the ava token, the native digital asset the ecosystem. enables users benefit from the largest possible discounts when booking their next trip, given contributors who help grow the platform through authentic reviews and other content, rewards those who make successful referrals, and paid fuel cost other platforms when they leverage travala infrastructure improve their own offerings. the travala consumer base continues grow, usage the ava token integral their experience the platform. with its use incentivized real-value rewards, demand for ava can expected grow in-line with platform adoption, leading the establishment healthy internal token economy from which all stakeholders may benefit. travala.com the problem the global travel market worth more today than any point the past, but the breadth choice and value available consumers all-time-low. with the rise dominance large online travel agencies (ota's) and their control consumer access, hotels and other travel service providers are forced play ota rules which impact both their bottom line and the consumer's choice. although each consumer has preferred choice ota when seeking travel services, they are really being presented with only the illusion choice. despite efforts seek out real value and genuine choice the travel booking market, consumers regularly choose only between five market participants: owning entity "different" consumer options owned booking holdings owns priceline.com, booking. com, agoda, kayak and opentable among others. expedia -owns travelocity, orbitz, hotels.com among others. ctrip owns skyscanner, trip.com, toursfun, among others. tripadvisor inc. owns travelpod, seatguru, flip key, viator.com among others. meituan owns dianping (china's largest review ecosystem) among others. the largest category value the travel sector, hotels are impacted most the effective ota oligopoly place today's market. they are under continual pressure maximise revpar travala.com (revenue per available room), pressure which drives them simultaneously reduce costs (read: lower quality standards for consumers) and increase the margins they pay ota's such expedia. present, ota commission levels paid hotels range between %-%, and this commission rate continues trend upwards over time. ota's also charge hotels performance linked bonus (plb) top the standard commission return for higher search rankings and consumer exposure. naturally, this commercial pressure hotels and travel service providers also passed consumers, resulting significant problems for both parties: hotels/service providers consumers why does this problem exist? don't receive commensurate pay higher the ota control extends even beyond their own websites. they proportionate the booking prices than force hotels stick the mark-up rate even for direct- fee for the service they provide they should to-consumer sales the hotel's own websites, which means that hotels can't offer consumers the rates they truly wish to. suffer from are offered reputational impact false discounts artificially high rates. consumers are then offered marked- inconsistent pricing ota's regularly force travel service providers mark-up pricing down pricing give the illusion savings. the result that hotel reputations are impacted what appears desperation discounting, and consumers will hesitant pay full rack rates the future. lose the right for can't trust travel experience reviews are primarily incentivized negative fair participation the majority experiences (most travellers have positive experiences but are the industry's reviews not motivated leave reviews attest this). additionally, review systems ota ownership extends many leading review websites and travel blogs, which can lead review bias. more than travellers make decisions based reviews, the importance genuine verification system and adequate economic incentivisation for well-intentioned reviewers cannot understated. the ota model was revolutionary when arrived over ten years ago, but its current form broken, with oligopolistic market featuring high middleman fees and limited product differentiation. this lack true consumer choice has been well-hidden to-date, but cracks are beginning appear the facade. disruptors such airbnb show that consumers are ready migrate platforms which empower more reasonable pricing, allow smaller suppliers compete more freely and make more relevant the impact user reputation and trustworthy reviews. with offerings such airbnb competing ancillary markets, now the time for equivalent disruption the ota market? https://ro-che.info/articles/---booking-com-manipulation https://www.researchgate.net/publication/_use_and_impact_of_online_travel_reviews travala.com the solution the problems identified are primarily the result overbearing middle man the ota playing too intrusive role the relationship between the consumer and their travel services provider choice. the functionality the ota model not itself broken, simply the parameters which tuned operate. ideal world, hotels and other suppliers would empowered connect through ota-style platform which would offer transparent, secure and efficient means connecting buyers and sellers. most important among those three factors transparency. greater transparency would allow hotels price their offering correctly, in-line with the value they provide, more less. would allow them receive larger net share this price, which turn would support the maintenance higher service standards and subsequently higher customer satisfaction. transparency would also allow this customer satisfaction represented truthfully, through genuine, incentivised review system which gives future customers confidence they shop. the operational triplet transparency, security and efficiency are significantly improved through the application blockchain technology. the advent real-world blockchain applications signifies third evolutionary leap for human connectivity (the first being voice telephony, and the second being peer-to-peer data transmission). this third leap the ability for real, fungible value exchange between network participants. the travel industry, where central authority was previously required validate bookings and guarantee payment, becoming possible link buyers and sellers directly benefit from lower fees, instant payments, better security and trustworthy reviews. most importantly, the tokenisation networks allows participants benefit from network's growth. now possible for new and innovative solutions also bring mutually-beneficial rewards all the stakeholders which contribute its success. for too long, ota's have acted travala.com most efficiently centralized profit extractors within the travel industry. the average user hotel which contributed ota growth and extreme profits did not benefit from their rise success. travala showing that now the time for the evolution next generation ota begin making these changes. these next-gen online travel agencies (nota's) can fundamentally change the relationship between consumers the future and their travel shopping. then, the previously-identified key problems for service providers and consumers could addressed follows: hotels/service providers consumers why does this problem exist? receive commensurate pay fair price hotels and consumers have full visibility the true proportion the booking for the service cost hotels rooms and other services through fee for the service they they receive immutable, shared blockchain ledger. the ota takes provide fair price for the service they offer, and all parties are happier. can implement rational can evaluate the transparency enforced blockchain-driven pricing which whether not pricing databases means that consumers are representative their buy based longer buffeted false discount advertising and service and brand truly fair prices can evaluate more clearly the true cost each service provider's offering. benefit from more can trust linking travel reviews cryptographically the original evenly-incentivized review the reviews purchase, well incentivizing with token rewards and content contribution and content all users leave review (whether negative system positive) will result much more evenly-balanced review system for the space. the token-driven incentive model for content (reviews, photos, expert tips etc.) one which trustworthy, especially with scale. travala.com introducing travala travala the world's first next-gen online travel agency. one-stop travel booking platform which combines the best this generation's booking website functionality with the incredible benefits enabled next generation's decentralized technologies and tokenized incentive structures. with integration the neo blockchain (us$m market cap and china's largest blockchain) part proprietary technology stack, travala connects the consumer directly with the largest and best-value wholesale providers the travel industry. the full suite offerings continually expanding and will ultimately encompass hotel, hostel, restaurant, flight, car rentals and vacation rental bookings. these are offered much lower rates than mainstream ota's, due the travala team's negotiated access the lowestpossible net price rates with extensive list wholesale sellers from around the world. this growing partnership base which will ultimately include amadeus, priceline, expedia, ctrip, hotelbeds, hotelspro, dotw, tourico, restel, travco, jactravel, sunhotels, totalstay, hotelusa, roomsxml, didatravel, worldmeet, gta and many more. most significantly, the travala value proposition powered the ava token. the native digital asset the ecosystem it: enables users benefit from average discounts (on the mainstream ota sites) when booking their next trip rewarded users who leave authentic reviews, contribute rich content, and make successful referrals, and paid fuel cost other platforms when they leverage the travala infrastructure improve their own offerings. travala.com nota, travala uses the ava token allow the network's users collectively benefit from the growth and success the platform. usage the ava token integral the most optimum user experience the platform its use incentivized subsequent real rewards. the consumer base continues grow, demand for ava can expected grow in-line with this platform adoption, leading the establishment healthy internal token economy from which all stakeholders from early adopters new arrivals later stage may continually benefit. founded team deep travel industry vertical experience and blockchain tech expertise, travala's mission bring the travel industry transparent pricing, authentic truth, enhanced security and efficient stakeholder interaction. the target market will benefit from: globally-competitive range travel services; accommodation (hotels, resorts, hostels), flights, things (tours, activities, experiences), restaurants, transfers, car rentals, vacation rentals and cruises always available minimum average lower than current mainstream otas; enabled through agile integration the leading wholesale travel solution partners with both leading cryptocurrencies and traditional (fiat) currencies payment options boosted with discounts and special offers direct from brands and suppliers validated through blockchain-verified reviews for feedback authenticity underpinned token-powered incentivization economy which gives real rewards for valuable acts such user referrals and key-opinion-leader content innovative design and user mechanics for best-in-class user experience travala.com opportunity size target market the ota market alone will worth estimated us$bn (source), with cagr expected between and through work with industry specialists keter cryptoeconomic advisory, the travala team have identified the size the target addressable market (tam) for travala within this total ota market. this equates us$.bn. this tam, travala aiming obtain market share achieve this, travala will need achieve the following milestones: facilitate ota market (us$.m net value services rendered) facilitate ota market (us$.m net value services rendered) facilitate ota market (us$.m net value services rendered) facilitate ota market (us$.bn net value services rendered) facilitate ota market (us$.bn net value services rendered) initial target market: cryptocurrency holders blockchain enthusiasts the cryptocurrency and blockchain community not only globally-sizeable segment (see the right estimate growth active blockchain wallets from below above but also high-potential consumer segment based several desirable characteristics. https://www.statista.com/statistics// worldwide-blockchain-wallet-users/ travala.com blockchain and cryptocurrency enthusiasts are: highly-invested the successful adoption cryptocurrencies mainstream business activity. this emotional investment their success regularly supersedes their desire follow the path least resistance i.e. cryptousers will endure higher barriers use this moment time order help propagate the increased use cryptocurrency (valuable travala during the coming months continued development towards barrier-less product) derive above-average satisfaction from this use cryptocurrency for real-world applications. aside from encouraging repeated-use cryptocurrency for similar activities, this dialled-up consumer experience satisfaction level serves drastically more effective tool build brand loyalty for travala (dopamine levels associated with the travala brand and are significantly higher than those for equivalent mainstream ota). see the right example this effect visible from excerpt from public review member the travala community. consumer demographic which perfectly pre-filtered for the travel market and whose make-up helps transcends many the difficulties traditional consumer acquisition and marketing outreach. cryptocurrency holders: are born-global consumer demographic (dalia research polled across us, uk, germany, brazil, japan, south korea, china, and india and found that average own some crypto, with non-owners planning buy very soon). are average millennial age-demographic, which proves more valuable traveller demographic than those older, and are more open new brands and services, rather than those established favourites with previous generations. https://www.cryptoninjas.net////how-many-people-actually-own-cryptocurrency/ https://www.travelagentcentral.com/running-your-business/stats-millennials-to-travel--percent-more-according-to-mmgy travala.com are well-educated, cryptocurrency ownership for the time-being still preserve tech-savvy and future-interested demographic groups, groups which are proven more likely travel order expand their horizons. cryptocurrency-first, fiat-second platform (expounding the values cryptocurrency, while still providing fiat options for those who wish avail it), travala uniquely-positioned short-circuit the traditional long consumer acquisition journey and tap directly into welleducated, relatively young, globally-oriented consumer demographic which willing aboveand-beyond consumer's regular call duty order contribute the success blockchain itself. this also incredibly-fast growing market, opposite the mature, low-growth rate demographics traditional ota's, which expected enter exponential growth phase with the arrival institutional and custodial players the crypto-space and https://cdn.momondo.net/i-/content/documents/the%value%of%travelling%a%global% study_final_newfrontpage.pdf travala.com the user journey note: the full token functionality covered more depth section (with ava traveling alongside) see below illustration the user journey the travala platform, from initial entry all the way completing successful trip and leaving verified review travala. ava along for the journey every step the way! phase planning the journey the user starts using travala visiting travala.com and searching with their desired parameters select promotions and the highest discounts are only available through purchasing with ava they are presented with well-aligned search results and select their preferred option. first time users are awarded free quantity ava token for joining*. new and returning users are invited purchase deposit ava running low the user then prompted login register their first time using the platform. they then complete the booking process providing necessary details and making payment fiat, ava other cryptocurrencies ava can used pay for the entire booking partial amount phase enjoying the journey ava can used onlocation with selected strategic partners pay for incremental upgrades and add-ons purchased while traveling, reduce payment friction and obtain higher rewards the user enjoys their travel experience and along the way can manage all booked services from their travala dashboard. phase rewards for giving back the user then has the opportunity write experience review which cryptographically verified authentic they can now also refer other users simply the travala platform even directly the same property travala the user gains reputation score points from other users who find their feedback/ reviews useful (through votes) ava rewarded for completing reviews ava rewarded for successful referrals ava rewarded users who gain high reputation scores reward for being kol travala.com the travala ecosystem the travala platform comprised three layers: the travala dapp layer (user-facing interface) which: allows consumers browse and complete bookings their choice from extensive range supplier offerings (already properties across countries and destinations) gives users access their built-in travala wallet (which holds tokens such ava) enables users leave trusted-reviews past services booked through the platform makes available users special offers and incremental upselling services, such travel insurance etc. the travala protocol layer (underlying economic rules) which: implements the nep- contract standard layer-wide comprised suite smart contracts governing the interactions all economic agents the industry (covered more detail the appendix) enables value transfer (whether economic, reputational, knowledge-based etc.) between stakeholders, using proxy smart contracts determine the validity and right transfer this value (for each stakeholder involved). enforces the cause-and-effect results stakeholder interactions i.e. simple example would how token value flow from user service provider results confirmation the hotel booking for the user (again governed proxy smart contract) the travala consensus layer (underlying records) which: implemented the neo blockchain, operating with dbft protocol and currently processing speeds transactions/second (with planned scalability increases leading tx/s the governing record the most important stakeholder pieces information within the travala economy (with both monetary and data-relevant states tracked through use proxy smart contracts) tracks perfectly user token balances and smart contract commitments allows user and supplier reputation verified and maximally-trusted https://rebrn.com/re/da-hongfei-neo-will-scale-to-tps-by-without-sharding-/ travala.com platform visual snapshot reviews special offers other services users suppliers dapp layer mintable token ecc sig. reviews staking rewards utility events nep protocol layer stakeholder balances stakeholder reputation stakeholder contracts consensus layer platform stakeholders there are three key stakeholder groups for the travala platform. the disparate incentives each group have been carefully-aligned part the platform design. large-scale adoption and eventual commercial success travala are dependent all three groups working their collective mutual benefit and creating incremental value for each other above and beyond the traditional ota model. travellers: the most important the stakeholders, travellers (particularly those blockchain and crypto-savvy, already outlined) are the target consumer base the platform and which, present, will the driving force attracting key supplier and partner demographics the ecosystem. travala focused gaining use adoption primarily from younger generations consumers, such the demographic group referred gen-z. this group (classified those born between and the eldest which now years age) are: fundamentally different consumers those from the baby boomer era and generation they dislike the established order and have not yet formed their brand loyalties. they are therefore ripe for educating alternative shopping options across multitude industries. most relevantly for travala, this generation consumers are expected travel more than any group before them and are also forecast new ways. travala.com born tech-native and extremely socially-aware, the combination which has resulting this younger generation driving the movement towards decentralized technologies, such the increasing use peer-to-peer cryptocurrencies. this pre-filtering the travala target consumer audience those expected travel extensively, but also open new brand education and already crypto-fluent, will result greater efficiency every dollar spent customer acquisition and increasing the customer lifetime value (clv) for those acquired. gen-z members the blockchain community have been the initial target group for travala's focused marketing to-date. travala course does not view this target demographic mutually-exclusive older generations consumers, and ancillary acquisition opportunities for those will also taken advantage when suitable and the right cost. suppliers: suppliers across the travel industry (encompassing hotel, hostel, flight, car rentals, vacation rental bookings, trip/tour operators etc.) will connected the travala platform both directly well through the largest, best-value wholesale providers the travel industry. quickly achieve the high number listings and competitive rates that were expected consumers when the platform launched early the travala team have been prioritising key supply partners such hotelspro and integrating their full suite listings through bespoke apis. these wholesale partners enable travala offer customers the lowest-possible rates across the ota industry and with level transparency beyond the mainstream players. this rapidly-growing partnership base which will continue expand include amadeus, priceline, expedia, ctrip, hotelbeds, dotw, tourico, restel, travco, jactravel, hotelusa, roomsxml, didatravel, worldmeet, gta and many more. once the natural expansion limits the wholesale channels have been reached, phase two listing and services expansion will focus establishing deals with the biggest hotel chains and travel services operators the industry and offering them travala's innovative technology. strategic partners: comprised the large group ancillary service providers and travel industry stakeholders who through integration with the travala platform can both bring value the travala userbase well gain incremental value for their own service offering. there are different methods through which strategic partners can integrate with the travala offering, ranging from full integration the ava token and smart contract utility their platform simply allowing their services travala.com booked through the travala dapp. wide range potential strategic partner types has been defined and initial conversations are underway with many. examples include ride-share companies (such uber, lyft, etc.), restaurant booking companies such opentable, aggregated leisure services, global pay-for-entry lounge chains, etc. travala.com business model the travala business commercials are driven three core pillars, two which are revenue generation-focused and one which focused maximisation asset utilisation. the low net rates negotiated travala with leading aggregation wholesalers are offered booking commissions travala.com the consumer with average saving (as opposed current mainstream ota's). travala will add their commission operate, grow the platform and replenish the reserves as-needed. revenue revenue also generated from the supplier side paid placements the market, with travala developing appropriate promotions strategic and user profile-targeted promotional placement partners opportunities throughout the user platform journey. ava can used for these transactions. the travala platform both driven the ava token and serves vehicle foster and grow the token economy. through incentivization users use the token wherever possible for increased benefit, demand for the token should activity increase asset utilisation rise over time. this increased demand should the utilisation positively impact the intangible brand value and travala ltd's consumer engagement with the ava token platform underlying ava owned travala itself. this brand value and token ecosystem consumer loyalty can leveraged selectively through incentivized platform growth, attract new strategic partners and achieve other development milestones which should indirectly contribute increased monetary value the platform through increased services redemption. travala.com booking strategy revenue travala will pursue broad benchmark competitive pricing strategy against the mainstream ota players. with industry pricing being extremely dynamic (rates change daily and are occasionally channel-dependent), not possible guarantee cheaper rates for every single consumer transaction. therefore, the most sustainable and trustworthy pricing methodology for the travala platform pursue enforce average global price competition. this will allow the travala platform achieve pricing which average cheaper than mainstream ota competitors. detailed previously, this achieved through strategic partnerships with leading global and local wholesale booking aggregators. due industry-wide rate parity agreements, travala will show the discount the consumer as: cheaper average across all accommodations publicly visible average per booking given back purchase incentives and loyalty rewards incentives and rewards will given ava tokens regardless the payment method. this enhances the travala token economy, adoption and booking numbers increase, more ava held within the platform. additional the average saving enjoyed the consumer travala will incorporate their commission operate, grow the platform and replenish the reserves as-needed. the travala platform will also continually implement innovative booking and pricing mechanisms which shall result continued growth net profit margin. example such mechanism the planned integration automated re-booking system into the travala architecture. were the price booking fall after the initial reservation made, this re-booking system will allow travala automatically cancel the original reservation and re-book the new lower cost. the difference between the original and new booking prices will split between the travala system and with the consumer. paid placements promotions variety platform advertising and direct marketing opportunities will made available strategic partners who wish avail the intimate consumer access offered through the travala https://www.triptease.com/blog/otas-wholesale-rates/ travala.com platform. importantly, these partners will vetted the travala team ensure that they are worthwhile actors allow advertise the platform. additionally, users will have the option opt-out receiving marketing messages from specific partners they not wish continue seeing them. marketing opportunities vary type and cost, ranging from the option place relevant advertisements alongside user searches (geographically-relevant, trip-type-targeted etc.), prioritising listings for specific searches, being able directly communicate and make arrangements with the leading travel key opinion leaders (kol) the platform. strategic partners can pay for these marketing opportunities using ava. this will serve additional mechanism with which market demand for ava stimulated. platform fees the table the right presents fees indicative those which the travala platform will charge. commission fees are calibrated and vary according the maturity level the platform, the total number users using the platform and its projected revenue. platform revenue the travala platform's key metric monthly booking revenue (mbr) targeted reach us$ million may target amount which represents between percent and percent the global monthly revenue streams for the online travel travala.com agency (ota) industry. travala's booking platform earns its revenue from the commission fees and the ava cryptographic tokens used pay for services the website. the initial proof concept version the travala platform launched with over properties; the initial focus regional properties resulting large number organic consumers that are reached with lower customer acquisition cost. the platform matures, more api-based property providers such travolutionary will integrated, which expected lead growing global demand orders magnitude more impactful than the traditional otas the travala target consumer base demographic with connection the blockchain and cryptocurrency sector. the above chart illustrates the projected income growth throughout the first years. travala.com ava the travala economy the travala economy consists simply the ava interactions between the stakeholders identified (travelers, service providers and partners), powered suite travala smart contracts and the ava token. ava nep- standard token i.e. the token format native the neo blockchain. the economic model has been carefully-designed support platform growth until self-sustaining profitability can reached, including that the capability for regular token buy-backs has been put in-place. please note the following stipulations regarding the ava token: the ava token standard does not allow conversion the token into another dlt asset type; the ava token standard does not allow atomic swapping interoperability outside limited network travala-associated dlt platforms; ava token form digital medium recordation whose utility, value application restricted solely the acquisition goods services travala and limited network travala-associated dlt platforms. explained the subsequent sections are the core economic drivers the travala economy, and how the full functionality the ava token complements each. ava: powering payments addition innovative functionality beyond the current ota model, successful disruption the incumbent ota players also requires minimisation barriers user adoption. therefore, travala will offer users full-spectrum suite payment options: travala.com traditional (fiat) currencies this method incurs standard fee depending the fee charged the payment processor. ava token once used consumer for booking, ava tokens will reallocate into the reserves used power the in-platform token economy. leading cryptocurrencies e.g. bitcoin, neo, gas, ethereum, litecoin, dash, eos, stellar, bnb, xrp, trueusd and many more... payments made using non-ava cryptocurrencies will converted fiat onspot via the decentralized liquidity this diagram represents all non-ava crypto currencies payment methods user crypto payment the- module (made available travala through strategic partnership with well-established payment processor. refunds ava from reserves fiat via instant liquidity provider (partnership being finalised) announcement made once parameters arrangement are finalised). refunds made for bookings with any cryptocurrency assets will issued ava (minus applicable cancellation fees processing costs) in-line with the original cost the booking (tracked the local fiat cost the reservation). denominating refunds ava allows the team minimize fluctuation the value large range cryptocurrencies and also encourages reuse the platform the same user later date (as they are now holding ava). ava: enabling special discounts though travala presents wide range bespoke discounts and innovative promotional mechanics for every user, using ava tokens pay for the booking cost will always give users access the best possible price every transaction. referred the ava discount, will constitute special discount range bookings. varying size, depending the booking type and cost, the ava discount offers users the ability use ava tokens for bookings the most preferential discounted value possible for that particular booking. the ava discount effective mechanism for the platform reward loyal ava users, and increase velocity token. the token then being returned the ava reserves for future distribution rewards and other incentives. travala.com ava: incentivising contribution lacking the traditional ota model true ability incentivise users engage with the platform and community beyond simply booking their desired services and quickly disengaging. most users traditional ota's are familiar with the experience receiving platform-specific rewards points which don't seem have intrinsic value beyond the ota itself. with ava, there multi-pronged incentivization mechanism increase the level its use the travala platform and within the ecosystems strategic partners. though may seem simple, the link real-world value which the final piece the puzzle incentivising user contribution and interaction with platform. rewards offered ava tokens one platform are longer intangible value but can pursued with view multiplatform use. additionally, these tokens can saved for use future bookings, increase your membership level the platform for access special offers, withdrawn from the platform your private wallet choice. ava: supporting smart contracts smart contracts automatically drive the interactions between stakeholders the travala platform. each smart contract-driven "utility event" the platform, triggers flow ava token one multiple directions. selected suite smart contracts are covered full detail the appendix this document. ava tokens will not held smart contracts any stage mitigate the risks volatility. ava: connecting strategic partners not alone disruptor the travel industry, travala has much gain from developing specific strategic partnerships with suitable stakeholders within and ancillary this industry. however, in-line with the distributed and open-access ethos the nascent blockchain space, use ava token design available all, whether strategic partners travala purely interested participants the platform. partners who wish integrate ava functionality into their own ecosystems (whether blockchain-based trusted reviews, smart contract-driven bookings) can without obstacle simply paying ava the fuel cost for use this infrastructure. this not only leads increased token velocity within the travala ecosystem, but also grows the number and strength travala's strategic partnerships. travala.com over time, this open-platform ethos expected lead the development "decentralized travel alliance" within the travel industry. this alliance can connected the ava token (as well other complementary tokens, linked through interoperability with limited number other dlt platforms) such that each party benefits from greater usage the token(s) and shared infrastructure. travala customers benefit from the ability redeem their ava tokens multiple platforms which form part the network travala-connected dlt platforms. alliance members benefit from the network effects greater numbers users being exposed their goods and/or services, addition benefitting from the lower costs leveraging the lightweight, low-cost travala technical infrastructure where brings efficiencies their operations. whole, the open-platform strategy will allow travala broaden its reach the ota and nota industries and create long lasting relationships with partners that have vested interest the success the underlying token and infrastructure. ava: building monetary base the ava token monetary policy governs the token economics the platform including how the token initially distributed and which future token use cases are implemented. the goals the monetary policy are twofold; firstly, reward early adopters the network with more affordable usage cost the platform; secondly, ensure that there sufficient liquidity ava tokens within the target consumer group facilitate their token usage the platform. the monetary policy ava tokens determined directly monetary policy board and indirectly ava token holders who are eligible vote for monetary policy board members. this governance mechanism allows the token economics the platform adapt and evolve responsibly and with the input and participation stakeholders. the initial board, comprising minimum members and maximum will appointed travala. the initial monetary policy will prioritise token price stability upon token launch. expected that occasional refinements policy will necessary achieve the stipulated goals. travala.com competition signifying the arrival the next-gen ota model, travala sits between incumbents and other potential disruptors within the travel booking space. facing these two distinct competitive forces, travala confidently occupies middle path business strategy which combines the best the previous generation technology, with the realistically-achievable the next generation. travala oligopolistic opaque fast speeds centralised servers "false" discounts competitive pricing through aggregation traditional ota tokenized for real-world rewards value blockchainpowered transparency expensive run slow processing low tx/second capacity "pure blockchain" travel projects the key points differentiation travala from traditional ota solutions are well-articulated throughout this document. however, now important explore the rationale for travala's competitive edge over other platforms which profess developing next generation solutions within our competitive space. possible group these competitive offerings into two types: direct competitors with fully-decentralized models: platforms which function ota's but which are building completely decentralized models e.g. atlas.world, locktrip. indirect competitors: platforms which are targeting ancillary niches within the space e.g. traveler, travelblock, goeureka, beetoken. most critical examine those the first group, they articulate goals which directly compete against the travala platform. making fully-decentralized model the centre their ecosystems, platforms such locktrip and atlas.world are voluntarily implementing drastic speed and scalability challenges which will undermine their ability deliver the near-instant service and confirmation speeds now expected ota users. the classic scalability trilemma travala.com states, widely agreed that all blockchain platforms developed to-date face necessary tradeoff between decentralization, scalability and security. high scalability possible transaction verification centralized smaller number validating nodes. alternatively, decentralization can maximised, but transaction volume and speed will suffer result (in its current release, ethereum can handle tx/s). the use true (fully-decentralized) blockchains can make sense cases where the speed/ verifiability trade-off actually worth it, such core, fundamental technologies which underpin society-essential infrastructures (e.g. money, identity verification etc.). but the simple truth that the majority travel-related platforms which wish leverage the relevant advantages blockchain technology (tokenization value such loyalty rewards, reputation, insurance contracts etc.) should and can without invoking the need for full decentralization. nouriel roubini, his recent testimony for the hearing the senate committee phrased perfectly: "blockchain investment propositions routinely make wild promises overthrow entire industries, such cloud computing, without acknowledging the technology's obvious limitations." the limitations which refers are the confirmation speed and transaction volume throughput limitations which modern-day blockchains will continue restricted for many years come. just airbnb and uber function incredibly-well centralised server-driven applications, the ota model not broken that regard. the travala team desire avoid virtue-signalling the blockchain community about pursuing full decentralisation. those aspects the platform most in-need blockchain support and enabling will powered the neo blockchain. ava represents tokenised real value which the user has total control over. maintaining centralised server-powered booking processes and content delivery will allow travala avoid the capacity limitations currently being faced competitors the space. https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/sharding-faq https://www.banking.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/roubini%testimony%--.pdf travala.com token distribution use funds ava token details details below are subject change. the ava token based the neo nep- standard and will deployed the neo blockchain. the tokens can held any neo address, using any wallet software that supports the neo blockchain protocol and nep- tokens, including the travala.com native wallet. there total supply ava tokens. use funds funds raised through the ava token sale are being used across three primary areas, order build the existing platform and community-building progress to-date, all while ensuring that the project remains compliant with local laws and regulations where relevant. platform development platform development includes: building and securing core smart contracts that implement issuance the ava tokens, booking smart contracts, and governance architecture; service-level web, mobile (both ios android) and dapp templates and customisation tools, and integrations that are pre-compatible with future versions the neo blockchain (state channels and stable coin integrations). legal and regulatory costs legal requirements include corporate set-ups relevant national domiciles well the different financial and operational licenses required. are working with legal advisors and regulators these relevant jurisdictions, order comply operationally with local laws addition global aml/kyc frameworks. marketing and promotion marketing and business development efforts will focused identifying and forming relationships with api booking providers, hotels and aircraft booking providers. marketing efforts will also focused increasing the awareness and knowledge the travala platform, including its functionalities, the target markets identified earlier this document. additional resources will spent as-needed form strategic partnerships within the ota and blockchain https://github.com/neo-project/proposals/blob/master/nep-.mediawiki travala.com roadmap travala concept created and initial project variables identified marketing campaigns increase community and platform users research and development platform functionality development blockchain review program with incentives giveback creation mvp/ working proof concept affiliate referral program development release marketplace with listings reputation points program development worldwide coverage properties accommodation development marketplace development travala platform wallet for login, payments and kyc. research development global flight bookings release marketplace implementation enterprise level scaling solutions and infrastructure and performance upgrades listings added key management role hires additional listings added strategic partnership with spotcoin travolutionary aggregation api integration increased supplier integration capacity travala.com our partners travala has sought establish and grow partnerships where strategically-worthwhile and mutual commercial benefit. identifying key areas competence reinforced through suitable partner support has been priority focus to-date. below are the key partnerships already confirmed, list which will continue complemented further cooperation (much which currently discussion present). blockchain nos strategic partners within the blockchain space, with particular focus synergies within the neo ecosystem. spotcoin user-friendly desktop and mobile application, virtual operating system users access the decentralized internet. strategic partner within european neo community. coupit.io affiliate program ecosystem with built-in online marketplace. thor blockchain-powered onboarding, incentivisation and payment for contracted (gig economy) workforces switcheo strategic partner for access decentralized technology developments within neo ecosystem suppliers seamless and fast wholesale access the most relevant hospitality products global scale. travala.com the team matthew luczynski co-founder ceo matthew young and vibrant entrepreneur with first-class honours degree international business. has been involved with multiple projects throughout his time university. founded application for travellers, allowing users interaction based geo-location, specifically designed for meeting new friexnds with similar interests. also played key roles international business competitions set harvard business school, driving his university team achieve runner-up positions both business strategy and business planning case competitions against the top business universities globally. has in-depth self-taught knowledge blockchain, having been involved the crypto space for years. steve hipwell co-founder coo steve marketing guru and serial entrepreneur. has founded and directed multiple holiday property sales businesses from the ground up. steve has been involved bitcoin and cryptocurrency since the early days. his experience and understanding blockchain technology and the cryptocurrency space are hard match. earlier return the steve set successful online lead generation business. after meeting his vietnamese wife, moved vietnam become key sales and marketing advisor for multi-million-dollar travel and cruise operator. travala.com juan otero cso juan serial tech entrepreneur and innovation advocate with over years' experience building, scaling and leading disruptive technology companies. most recently the founder ceo cryptocurrencies.com. au, juan's experience tech start-ups has led his involvement consultant and advisor several leading start-ups, blockchain projects, start-up accelerators like silicon valley's founder institute and wayra telefonica and government organisations like the european institute innovation technology (eit) and the european commission. previous companies include sun microsystems (acquired oracle for $.b) and booking.com, the world's largest and fastest growing online hotel booking service, part priceline (pcln) mkt cap $.b. tam hoang cto responsible for management the technical project roadmap, tam continually works and pushes further the travala technical vision and technical team work. with years mnc work experience various managerial roles encompassing director, manager, vice general director and coo, tam has in-depth knowledge and experience real world leadership, information and communications technology, business management, business development and project management. fiachra mullen cmo fiachra tech enthusiast and investor blockchain projects since early with broad involvement the hong kong blockchain space primarily across the bitcoin and ethereum communities passionate about the decentralising force blockchain and its potential disrupt and democratise industries for the benefit the global community. previously ceo co-founder wlth (www.wlth.tech), now passionately drives the travala marketing program forward. entrepreneur, previously built and sold both irish boutique web design agency and californian-based consumer electronics brand. prior entering the blockchain space, was marketing director the chinese consumer fmcg segment. travala.com alberto cevallas token economics architect founder keter.io technology research and development firm specializing token engineering and blockchain economics alberto created and led the token economics team vanbex, one the leading advisory firms the blockchain space. specializing building token-powered networks that lead greater efficiency, liquidity and opportunity, alberto expert token economics, valuation sales structuring, mechanism design, and market research. cong nguyen senior project director cong passionate about technology and business transformation. held multiple management positions fpt software the largest software outsourcing company vietnam from and his contribution the company was truly appreciated. took the position service manager fpt asia pacific singapore for year before investing and becoming member board qsoft making recognized brand vietnam. founded and became ceo gem with the vision become global solution company for enterprises. cong the senior project director for the travala.com project. hoa pham blockchain developer hoa has years' experience team-driven environments, working with both front-end and back-end systems. fluent javascript, his experience also extends deeply into amazon webservice architecture vcs dependency, multi-tiers architecture, mvp architecture etc. also very familiar with database management system postgresql and certified. travala.com appendix utility events smart contracts powering travala smart contracts power and govern interactions between stakeholders the travala platform. this collection smart contracts are event-driven ifttt (if-this-then-that) changes state which collectively log the results the network activity, enable work fluidly and help ensure incentivization mechanisms are executed correctly. ava token flow also correlates heavily the creation and fulfilment smart contracts. transactions which encourage the transfer the ava token are also referred "utility events" the booking platform. increasing numbers users use the platform, ava tokens are deployed for use the ecosystem proportion. users receive tokens through their use the platform, they are incentivized through various mechanisms put the tokens use for bookings, gain access the higher levels reputation access the closed user group special offers. both types use drive token velocity and adoption. below are sample the utility events and smart contracts which together form the intelligent blockchain-driven engine the travala platform phase one: event description bookings proxy smart contract will make sure that both user (a) and service provider (b) are safely requesting "service agreement". upon successful recognition smart contract addresses (through identity authentication), the proxy smart contract calls event method that triggers event for the "services agreement smart contract". ava tokens will held smart contracts any state mitigate the risks volatility. giveback for every booking the platform there will giveback that the user can redeem returning after their stay complete verified honest blockchain review regardless being positive negative. this incentivizes the review process which know big problem customers tend write bad reviews more than good ones motivated anger sadness. this also incentivizes repeat bookings the user knows they have ava waiting used for their next booking. travala.com event description reviews upon the completion services agreement transaction between user and service provider, user able deploy honest review public blockchain. this message connected that recognizes review for specific services agreement. this action will also trigger percentage giveback from the booking price used for future bookings. reputation with regular use the platform, reputation scores user will increase. such, the reputation score increases, the user will given access discounts and offers i.e. special offers. validators will provide feedback from reviews and other activities performed the user through proxy smart contract give accurate reputation score. referrals users who successfully refer the platform new users are rewarded with tokens. special offers holders specific amounts ava tokens will get access special offers section the travala platform. these deals that cannot displayed publicly and will only available after users have logged the platform. amounts ava needed will dictated the travala platform the time implementation. travala.com