content travelflex current cryptocurrency summary why travelflex key features travelflex travelflex solutions the travel industry travelflex coin technology the ico (initial coin offering) travelflex ico short the team behind travelflex the algorithm behind travelflex blockchains? how does work? blockchain dag block algorithm travelflex road map the ico terms use legal aspect disclaimer travelflex coin: next generation cryptocurrency and decentralized coin that makes traveling easier. (c) whitepaper last updated december travelflex current cryptocurrency summary travelflex price us$. per trf genesis block created saturday, december gmt icon name travelflex symbol tag trf website www.travelflex.org github source code will released after the ico algorithm used starting travelflex scrypt, will converted dag based algorithm forum bitcointalk travelflex wallet version travelflex-qt, file version .... status healthy connections hash algorithm scrypt. will converted dag based algorithm proof-of-work scheme proof-of-work coins issued form the ico coins after years mining will lead total coins. starts minute scrypt then will second the new dag algorithm block time block reward starts coins per minute scrypt travelflex. after the final conversion the dag based algorithm, will second per block with coins reward which equals coins per minute. difficulty retarget block why travelflex the travel industry trillion dollar business, which accounts for over the employment worldwide.the industry growing steadily every year. due technology, traveling has been made easier and are able travel further less time. however, financially things could made easier and more secure. the travelflex coin will help change the travel industry. when you pay with travelflex, you can certain your payment will made securely and without high fees. travelflex reintroducing the modern form the good old travelers cheques, which have been trusted and secure payment choice for people around the world since the name travelflex derived from the travelflex credit card that people can use any atm the world, online business that accepts credit cards. travelflex can also serve escrow service. furthermore, mining travelflex coins (trf) will asics resistant and can mined with gpu. the near future, can mined with mobile application. the mobile mining application will have social functions, like chat function and friend list and has near field communication (nfc) function, which lets you see other travelflex users around you. those functions can switched off you don't like socialize with others. for every new coin created mining, portion coins will donated charity the miner's choice. the upcoming ico (starting december will offer travelflex coins for purchase with starting price us$. and coins are reserved for the bounty program. the ico will provide travelflex with the funds further develop and optimize its products, while giving the participant opportunity pre-buy trf coins and have chance win unforgettable vacation. key features travelflex super fast transactions worldwide and proper block size physical travelflex card escrow service over the network real coin made new dag based algorithm which will solve the scalability issues that other coins have direct secure and decentralized chat from wallet wallet (peer peer) near field communication (nfc) see travelflex users around you social functions that can switched and off whenever you want true asic resistant decentralized mining (pow) coin. gpu mining. mobile nodes keep the network more decentralized and faster giving back charity hours support (live chat) modern printable cheques travelflex brings solutions the travel industry the travel industry one the world's largest industries, with steady growth every year. about million people travelled internationally. with the development better means transport and the invention the airplane, reaching the other side the world has become very easy. years later, this number had grown million people. over the longer term, the growth the tourism sector will continue strong. the year the number international travelling individuals estimated exceed billion. can now book flights and accommodation online; can check the sights, view restaurants even have our whole itinerary arranged for through the world wide web. truly, traveling has evolved the past years; however, travelflex believe can take higher level. travelflex wants connect the travel industry blockchain, make travel financially easier, cheaper and more secure. the global economic contribution the travel industry was valued over trillion u.s. dollar which about world spending. furthermore, according the world travel tourism council (wttc) the travel industry now provides employment more than million people, which accounts for employment worldwide. the employment number estimated grow, the travel industry continues grow steadily, too. even though traveling has become financially more secure and easy already, travelers still face few problems nowadays. converting your own countries fiat currency into the fiat currency your destination can expensive. first all, paying with travelflex coins will remove the high fees currency conversions. when traveler carrying cash money, exchange for local currency upon arrival, she will pay conversion fee. this fee might anywhere between us$ and us$ even higher, depending the destination and currency you want exchange. most travelers aren't very happy paying these fees. international tourist arrivals region, actual trend and forecast source: unwto the numbers suggest, travelling has become more accessible more people the last few decades.travelers first paid with cash, then there were travelers cheques, and eventually there were payment cards make financing your trip easier. this money could used finance nice sightseeing trip, great meal fine restaurant could used for accommodation. travelflex coins will greatly reduce the conversion fee. you will able print your coins and exchange your coins for real time currency rates special travelflex participating currency exchangers that are already present major travel hubs throughout the world. the travelflex team already working hard make classic currency exchangers join the network travelflex. the cheques are secure; they can only exchanged when you verify your identity with your own personal pin code. one else will able use your printed coins without the pin code. additionally, you not have carry any more cash money with you, which can lost stolen. problems with debit and credit cards are part traveling. some countries, the local atm will not accept your card. there even the risk that your card will lost the atm machine. once again, you will pay high fees use your card abroad. additionally, when you pay for your accommodation with your credit card, you will have hand over your card the person behind the desk. they can easily get all your information and use your card later moment for their own personal use leak your information third parties. seller sends the goods meets with the buyer paying with travelflex coins will solve these problems. you will not need provide your personal wallet information pin code anyone your accommodation when booking flight. furthermore, travelflex can serve escrow. have you ever booked and paid for hotel other service that upon arrival was dirty and awful, not available didn't exist all. you can pay your accommodation with travelflex coins, and travelflex will freeze the coins until the day arrival. that when you arrive, you can sure that you will receive everything you have booked and paid for advance. isn't what you want pay for you simply get your coins back. buyer and seller agree terms (price, delivery etc) buyer sends trf travelflex and its escrow service seller buyer buyer accepts rejects the mercandise service the trf are released and sent seller's account travelflex coin technology mining mobile application mining will mainly done gpu mining, the mining pool will open for everyone when the coin finished, furthermore transaction speeds will made even better through mobile application with mobile nodes your smartphone. want develop unique mining application, which can installed your mobile phone. this will make mining accessible everyone, not just the people with big funds set mining farms. there will need for expensive hardware, cpu, graphic cards asics. from day after the end the ico, everyone with mobile phone will able mine the travelflex coin. unique social application our application social application.you will able add friends, family and others your own friend list.you can easily send and receive coins from people your friend list. you will able chat with your contacts, through our encrypted chat function. secure wallet wallet chat function (peer peer). your profile can linked social media. you link your wallet social media, you will get bonus every time you mine coins. having your trf wallet linked social media, you can check out the profiles strangers you want send money to, this will make sending coins safer, knowing with who you are dealing with. our built-in nfc function will make possible find other application users nearby. privacy lost since it's choice use all those connections. you can simply put your account private you wish so. cheaper exchange rates with travelflex you don't pay fees for the conversion currency, atm credit card use. you will able print your travelflex coins, and use them the same way travelers cheques were used the past.you will able exchange your cheques for local currency trf atms major travel hubs. with the physical trf card, you will able take money from the local atm without any problem. more security. you lose your travelflex cheques, they get stolen, you don't have worry. the cheques are secured with your personal pin code. one else can use the cheques, without this pin code. you also don't have carry lot cash money with you anymore. furthermore, you don't have submit your credit card when paying for accommodation, restaurants store and thus you won't have share your personal information with people that may have bad intentions with your credit card information. additionally, problems with atms that don't accept foreign debit credit cards are avoided using travelflex coins. charity travelflex don't just want change the way you travel, also want help others and the environment. this why have set wallets for various charities. when you mine travelflex coins through the mobile application just with your mining rig, you will get select charity you want donate the coins to. this put top the reward the miner still gets his the block rewards. the ico (initial coin offering) the travelflex ico crowd sale will launched december check the travelflex website travelflex.org for the latest information. the ico will feature coins for sale and coins will reserved for the bounty program, coins are not sold they will burned with proof burn after the ico. the founders will hold zero pre-mined coins. this fair and may give purchasers confidence that there "pump and dump" going happen the founders. this also why not hold pre-sale. not want people hold cheap coins, just sell them right after the ico. there will coin flipping travelflex. the scrypt algorithm the block reward goes the miners. this even gives the founders more insentive finish the new algorithm time. travelflex has decided with -year founder's reward model, based the zcash model (https://z.cash/ blog/funding.html). after the ico ends, the mining will start. the newly mined coins will the miners, the founders and charity. first, there will block trf per second mined. coin name travelflex coin coin abbreviation trf coin logo coin type initially trf coin script mining, but this will later converted final product based dag algorithm. max coins issued coins will for sale during the ico and coins are reserved for the bounty program ico funding target travelflex ico has soft cap us$,, and hard cap us$,,. pre-ico coin price travelflex does not pre-sale. since want fair price for everyone. this eliminates the risk coin dumping right after the ico. crowd sale coin price trf coins will sold from december until january for us$.. the coins can paid the equivalent bitcoin (btc), ethereum (eth), bch, dash, ltc fiat currency bank wire. use proceeds funds from the coin sale will used for develop ment the new algorithm, for running the mobile application, development trf physical credit/ debit cards, legal matters, marketing and sales, keeping trf date, development team and help service team salaries. coin distribution travelflex coins will transferred immediately after the purchase your travelflex wallet. ico timeline ico starting date: gmt december ico closing date: gmt january until the hard cap reached, whichever comes first. the new algorithm there will block reward trf per second.this equal trf per minute, trf every minutes and trf per hour.this gives total trf every hours.this will add average coin supply trf per year. after years (block number ,,) the block reward will decrease from .trf .trf per block.then, after another years, the block reward will decreased again and on.the first years, the newly created trf will the miners, will donated charities and will the founders.after years, this construction will stop and the newly mined trf coins created will the miner and charity. the founders hold premined coins! one trf will initially sold for us$.. participate the trf coin crowd sale, you can pay with the following currencies: ethereum (eth), bitcoin (btc), bch, dash, ltc fiat currency which will accepted the form bank wire. the exchange rate that will used for paying coins, will the equivalent the price usd travelflex coins (rates will taken from online resources, the actual exchange rate may differ from the exchange rate used due the volatility the cryptocurrencies). purchase agreement conversion price can made over the live chat. chart showing the distribution trf for miners and founders. first, the founders will get %of the newly mined trf, will the miner and goes charity. after years, the newly mined trf will the miners. the founders hold premined trf coins, this means the founders have more interest supporting the product since they only get the founders reward and they will have ability 'pump-and-dump'. this should give more trust and stability participating trf. funding breakdown important that the participants travelflex know how the funds will allocated after the ico. the pie chart beside illustrates how travelflex looking spend the funds. coins will transferred the buyer's trf wallet upon payment confirmation. the purchased coins will immediately active. after the ico, trf coin will listed exchanges and trading can start. there will extra coins offered bonus for buyers who commit early, so-called early-bird bonus. the bonus coins will allocated top the regular coins that you are purchasing. extra coins will added you purchase trf coins the first week the ico. the team behind travelflex peter hoogslag- ceo peter has been actively involved the cryptocurrency space virtually since its inception wisely decided concentrate bitcoin mining and has been very successful ever since. peter knows about every aspect the cryptocurrency world, from mining and trading, through cryptocurrency holding. with his vast knowledge cryptocurrency has decided set his own coin: travelflex. bing hayashi head engineering bing our head engineering. after receiving his phd engineering, has worked back-end software developer and started working blockchain technology and smart contracts his spare time. has been computer engineer for ptt, gas oil line operations. marcel hoogslag finance marcel had been general practitioner, before going finance. prior travelflex, has been responsible for managing every financial aspect pharmaceutical companies. right now, charge travelflex's finance and accounting operations. alex putzolu blockchain developer alex studied computer science and has been active programmer. gained interest bitcoin, blockchain and everything concerning the cryptocurrency space. his main focus blockchain development. yosui kitahara core developer yosui studied information technology murdoc university, australia. responsible for everything concerning blockchain. tests, builds, installs, repairs and maintains our blockchain based programs. andy acataldi research development andy our head research and development for all aspects the cryptocurrency space. andy's major role research all and coming opportunities for the company expand upon which turn will generate more opportunities for our clients. steve baker trader steve the genius behind forex currency trading which started doing the young age and very successful his field. has the nickname square eyes due his addiction the computer screen watching the movements the currency markets. steve eats, drinks and sleeps trading, hence his phenomenal skills this sector and has proven valuable asset the company since joining tineke dekker graphic designer tineke our graphic designer. she has traveled all around the world and has been involved various creative projects and gigs worldwide. she has been actively involved cryptocurrency since and very thrilled part this project; combining creativity, traveling along with cryptocurrency. tukta sangkham communication tukta charge everything concerning marketing and communication asia. she glued her mobile phone, always checking her social media channels and keeping up-to-date the latest information cryptocurrencies. pavel capote communication being able speak more than languages, pavel charge the european and south american travelflex pr-staff. pavel oversees social media activity, along with managing and directing the internal and external communication travelflex. kittiya prommao human resources kittiya finished her psychology masters the chulalongkorn university. she has keen eye spotting people's strengths. travelflex, she responsible for finding the right people join our team. the algorithm behind travelflex not only travelflex will disrupt the travel industries but thanks the technologies developed complete new algorithm and adapted travelflex payment system, are going radically transform the cryptocurrency industry. find bellow example the thesis behind new dag algorithm. trf real coin which now runs scrypt and can actively mined. trf will converted new dag based algorithm which will solve the scalability issues that other coins have. more information available. please send email for full abstract whitepaper: support@travelflex.org blockchains? how does work? john wants send michael some money (digital currency) electronically. john uses digital wallet app transfer the money michael. the app stamps the transaction with john's digital signature. this transaction now needs verified the blockchain. john's transaction grouped with other transactions that occur the same time into block. the block has unique id, the transaction time and the the previous block the chain. the block containing john's transaction then broadcast the entire network verified. once verified, the block added the head the blockchain forming, permanent and transparent record transactions. after the verification process, michael receives the money from john. blockchain dag block algorithm merits demerits block chain merits demerits decentralization. central administrator data size/performance scalability limit block-size, along with consensus mechanism adds necessity more computing power transparency immutability. public blockchains are publically viewable. intermediaries, overhead, low transaction costs energy consumption: substantial amount computing power use more energy dependent parent block: somehow the parent block child block connection gets disrupted, then the link/chain broken new block blockchain dag block algorithm topological ordering with transitive closure travelflex roadmap quarter the initial idea popped the visionary mind the founder the company. the creation new cryptocurrency and related secured services, both dedicated the travel industry imposed itself disruptive and haunting idea. quarter cryptocurrency enthusiasts joined the founder and set the original team behind the concept and trf coins. the map make real was designed and the team started work hard it. quarter starting team was gathered around the project and the full concept defined. experts started develop beta version our mobile mining application both android and ios platforms following the founders' map development. testing the chat was complete and all worked successfully. quarter the decision have the company hong kong was made, the heart the most dynamic markets asia-pacific and secure legal matters and financial transactions. our logo and trademark were also registered. quarter initial coin offering and final testing the beta version our mobile mining application are complete. the live chat team ready answer all your questions december till january worldwide launching the travelflex ico, the target reach has been set us$ million. purchasers are invited join our ico and benefit from unique conditions. the ico will closed the jaunary coins are for sale during the ico and coins are reserved for the bounty program. all unsold coins will burned after the ico and coins are held the founders. quarter mining can start and coins will created. trf coins will converted trf coins. additional services will developed such the travelflex wallet, the travelflex cheques and travelflex cards. our team will work hard get trf listed all major exchanges for trading purposes. all legal aspects are undertaken sign with our partners for making the travelflex card reality. quarter printable cheques will available. development partnerships with leaders the travel industries allow the travelflex community use trf currency their usual transactions through booking services, airlines companies and hotels chains. quarter the physical travelflex credit cards will released and usable atms. loyalty programs will developed with travel industry leaders. partnerships with gds industries will initiated allow more users benefit from the travelflex unique services quarter merge will conducted and trf will switch new algorithm that will give the coin great scalability potential and super-fast transaction times. all old trf coins will burned and converted the new and final design. quarter travelflex continues develop new relations with partners the industry give the coin more acceptance and use for the holders. the live chat team still there for helping out when needed. quarter the team will keep working the existing applications. new ideas may have been born and development. this time, the cryptocurrency industry may become regulated and travelflex prepared with funds and lawyers, necessary, keep trf functional within the existing regulations. this holds the same for special requirements are needed before this time. travelflex initial coin offering terms use please read these terms use carefully. you not agree these terms use, not purchase any coins. your purchase trf coins ("coins") during the initial coin offering ("ico") from travelflex ("company", "we", "us"), subject these terms use ("terms"). each you and "party", together the "parties". purchasing coins from during the ico, you will bound these terms and any terms incorporated reference our website (travelflex.org) our mobile application (available after january you have any questions regarding these terms, please contact support@travelflex.org. you and company agree follows: commencement and duration the ico. the company will conduct ico coins, which will begin december and end january until all coins are sold, whichever comes first you are years older have permission (parental otherwise) purchase coins. travelflex cannot ensure coins are not bought minors. the purchase travelflex coins can lead loss money over short long periods. the purchasers travelflex coins should expect large range fluctuations prices. the information the website cannot guarantee that the purchase travelflex coins would not lose money. you are solely responsible determine what, any, taxes apply their travelflex transactions and purchases. the owners of, contributors the website and the company are not responsible for determining the taxes that apply travelflex transactions and purchases. make claims that the purchase travelflex coins accessible, appropriate legal every person every country. you purchase travelflex coins, you your own initiative and you are responsible for compliance with local laws. legal aspects and disclaimer trf coins are products, not security investment; they will not give you any voting rights any other rights the company. trf coins may not available certain countries for certain individuals. you alone are responsible for the purchase trf coins, and any risks attached it, for indefinite period time. you must inform yourself the relevant laws that are upheld your country state regarding cryptocurrency. travelflex cannot held responsible. please also review our terms use before purchasing trf. you are any doubt the action you should take, you should consult your legal, financial,tax other professional advisor(s). part this whitepaper distributed disseminated without including this section 'legal aspects and disclaimer'. travelflex shall not liable for any indirect, direct, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data, arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you. travelflex does not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this whitepaper accessing and/or accepting possession any information this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be), you represent and warrant travelflex follows: investment scheme, (v) units business trust, (vi) derivatives unities business trust, (vii) any other security class securities (a)you agree and acknowledge that the case where you wish purchase any coins, the coins are not construed, interpreted, classified treated (i) any kind currency other than cryptocurency, (ii) debentures, stocks shares issued any person entity, (iii) rights, options derivatives respect such debentures, stocks shares, (iv) units collective (b) you are fully aware and understand that you are not eligible purchase any trf coins you are citizen, resident (tax otherwise) green card holder geographic area which access use the acceptance delivery coins prohibited applicable law, decree, regulation, treaty, administrative act. these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements travelflex and/or its affiliates and/or its products materially different from any future results, performance achievements expected, expressed implied such forwardlooking statements. these factors include, among others: (i) changes political, social, economic and stock cryptocurrency market conditions, and the regulatory environment the countries which travelflex conducts its respective businesses and operations; (ii) the risk that travelflex may unable execute implement their respective business strategies and future plans; (iii) changes interest rates and exchange rates fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies; (iv) changes the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth travelflex; (v) changes the availability, fees payable to, salaries employees, future capital needs preferences customers travelflex; (vi) war acts international domestic terrorism; (vii) occurrences catastrophic events, natural disasters and other disaster that affect the business and/or operations travelflex. nothing contained this whitepaper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance policies travelflex. indemnification the fullest extent permitted applicable law, you will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless travelflex and our respective past, present and future employees, officers, directors, contractors, consultants, equity holders, suppliers, vendors, service providers, parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, representatives, predecessors, successors and assigns from and against all claims, demands, actions, damages, losses, costs and expenses (including attorneys' fees) that arise from relate (i) your purchase use the coins, (ii) your responsibilities obligations under these terms, (iii) your violation these terms, (iv) your violation any rights any other person entity. translations this whitepaper contains translations the english version the whitepaper. these translations are provided you only convenience. the event any conflict between the english language version the whitepaper and the translated version the whitepaper, the information the english language version shall take precedence.if you notice any inconsistency, please report them on/to support@ travelflex.org. changes the terms use may revise and update these terms any time, our sole discretion and without prior notice. all changes are effective immediately upon posting. your continued use our products following the posting the revised updated terms means that you accept and agree the changes. please refer the header these terms view the date the last updated version. intellectual property rights travelflex and its entire contents, features and functionality (including but not limited all information, software, text, displays, images, video and audio, and the design, selection and arrangement thereof), are owned the company, its licensors other providers such material and are protected copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property proprietary rights laws. these terms permit you use the whitepaper for your own personal, non-commercial use only. you must not reproduce, distribute, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, republish, download, store transmit any the material the whitepaper.