traxia using blockchain disrupt trade finance traxia foundation baarerstrasse zug, switzerland foundation@traxia.co february this document for informational purposes only and does not constitute offer solicitation sell shares securities. any such offer solicitation will made only means confidential offering memorandum and accordance with the terms all applicable securities and other laws. abstract there are over trillion invoices sitting companies' balance sheets waiting paid. the traxia ecosystem allows those short-term assets digitized, tokenized and ultimately tradeable decentralized market. traxia envisions system where sellers upload their invoice, buyers approve with their private keys, issuing providers write into smart contract, liquidity providers distribute cash liquidity, listing providers manage the marketplace and investors trade the newly created digital assets. think factoring blockchain. have built real use case using liqease ltd our listing provider, porsche the buyer, mediaman and vok damns the seller and corporate investor the liquidity provider. although, the ethereum blockchain has been used this first case issue the smart contract, traxia intends build upon the cardano blockchain. traxia and liqease are the first investment cardano through their investment arm emurgo. background what trade finance? actors objects terms traditional trade finance products factoring letter credit supply chain finance (scf) securitization market opportunity for blockchain powered solution the growth factoring traxia's solution: decentralized trade finance ecosystem the smart contract the actors seller buyer investors issuing provider listing providers loan warehousing tokenized access the traxia platform what already built initial proof concept traxia and liqease business strategy stage stage stage product architecture and development roadmap traxia membership token (tmt) sale token demand and supply token amounts and discounts during pre-sale and sale usage proceeds from token sale team legal works cited annex technical details background any given day around the world there are around trillion accounts receivable accounts payable the books businesses, which, banks only finance around trillion the total (kemper, more granular level, there gap global trade finance around trillion, most arising from asian companies (asian development bank, the international chamber commerce refers trade financing the 'oil' the engine international commerce and highlights the unmet demand for such financing (international chamber commerce, this gap result misalignment terms the demand for trade related credit and the liquidity funds provided. disproportionately available multinationals and large corporates the top end the market and consistently absent the sme segment (international chamber commerce, simply said, smes are faced with little choice but accept their large customer's payment terms, matter how onerous they may be. financial technology (fintech) companies have come with solutions this gap global trade finance. however, the absence new instruments and marketplaces that connect and bring together different trade actors, new ventures have been unable make major difference, yet. the current trade finance gap due the following major issues (international monetary fund, absence trust and cooperation between banks continuous decline correspondent banking relationships has lead economic fragility that has not been compensated the limited growth open account financing letters credit (l/c). limited transparency due lack reliable data points along the trade finance value chain periods shaped lack trust and transparency, trade finance actors (private banks, export credit agencies, and regional development banks) seem pool their resources (world trade organization, which creates difficulties terms obtaining comprehensive and reliable data those trade finance transactions. limited cash liquidity the markets and higher spreads large banks have been reporting several occasions that the lack access competitive funding has made them drop out several finance trade operations. bureaucracy and endless paperwork digitalisation trade finance far from being mainstream. providers have been promising digital letters credit and bills lading for years, yet most corporates and banks still routinely exchange paper documents (international chamber commerce, smes account for more than one-half the world's gdp and employ two-thirds the global workforce (world economic forum, the number one barrier growth faced smes around the globe access financing (international labour office, this not new issue and the financial crisis only worsened the problem. many local retail banks, who are often the primary and only providers sme financing, have lost their appetite for taking higher-risk sme loans. estimated that smes faced trillion usd global credit gap (world economic forum, what trade finance? global and local banks support international trade through wide range products that help their customers manage their international payments and associated risks, and provide needed working capital. the term "trade finance" generally reserved for bank products that are specifically linked underlying international trade transactions (exports imports). such, working capital loan not specifically tied trade generally not included this definition. trade finance products typically carry short-term maturities which reflect the typical shipping times and payment terms days more. (bank for international settlement, actors for the purpose this whitepaper, will solely focus the actors the 'financial supply chain'. financial intermediaries, broader sense, offer services that allows easier, faster, and cheaper execution financial contracts between originators and acceptors. this comprises the gathering, for example via brokers, rating agencies, stock markets, information inform investors about borrower quality and/or risk. general, disintermediation trade denotes the omission actors within supply chain, e.g. intermediary distributors retail sellers. but, disintermediation financing the substitution the traditional bank intermediation the means alternative forms intermediation with regards liquidity between investors and parties seeking capital. objects objects finance include fixed assets, i.e. those assets that permanently provide basis for the business operations, and working capital, which variable day-to-day basis. production facilities, which provide the underlying logistic networks, well the equipment needed for customs clearance and the transport within the network are considered fixed assets within supply chain. the term working capital comprises all current assets transformable into liquid assets within one production cycle least within one year. circulating assets minus the short-term liabilities are called net working capital. key figure which, this context, suited for examination the cash flow the cash-to-cash-cycle. the latter calculated follows: cash-to-cash-cycle average turnover period period receivables period payables the cash-to-cash-cycle the period time needed for company transform the cash drain resulting from paying the suppliers into cash inflow from customers again. the cash-to-cash-cycle thus key figure dynamic and holistic treatment the net working capital performance both within the company and within the supply chain. terms supply chain finance has three dimensions: the amount assets financed (volume financing), the duration the financing and the capital cost rate (financing cost). multiplying these three factors together gives the total capital cost that company has generate least for investment profitable: capital costs volume duration time capital cost rate the most important starting point for the optimization the financing within supply chain beyond classical logistics measures thus the capital cost rate. traditional trade finance products many smes find difficult finance their production cycle, most buyers demand around days pay for goods from the date delivery. any transaction, seller will issue invoice, which they account for account receivable. the buyer then accounts for the invoice their accounts payable. accounts receivables are illiquid assets until payment received. factoring factoring type supplier financing, which firms sell their credit-worthy accounts receivables discount (generally equal interest rates plus service fees) and receive immediate cash. factoring not loan and there are additional liabilities the firm's balance sheet, although provides working capital financing. addition, factoring often done "without recourse", meaning that the factor purchasing the receivables assumes the credit risk for the buyer's ability pay. factoring comprehensive financial service that includes credit protection, accounts receivable bookkeeping, collection services and financing. letter credit one the most common and standardized forms bank-intermediated trade finance letter credit (l/c). l/cs reduce payment risk providing framework under which bank makes (or guarantees) the payment exporter behalf importer once delivery goods confirmed through the presentation the appropriate documents. for the most part, l/cs represent off-balance sheet commitments, though they may times associated with extension credit. this can occur, for example, import l/c structured allow the importer period time (known "usance") before repaying the bank for the payment made the importer's behalf. banks may also help meet working capital needs providing trade finance loans exporters importers. this case, the loan documentation linked either l/c other forms documentation related the underlying trade transaction. supply chain finance (scf) avoid confusion, should mentioned that supply chain finance only subset trade finance and has been defined the international chamber commerce (icc) 'the use financing and risk mitigation practices and techniques optimize the management the working capital and liquidity invested supply chain processes and transactions. [supply chain finance] typically applied open account trade and triggered supply chain events. visibility underlying trade flows the finance provider(s) necessary component such financing arrangements which can enabled technology platform.' reverse factoring the most widely used form financing under this category (pwc, contrast traditional factoring described above, reverse factoring initiated the buyer and not the seller. the 'factor' financial intermediary and more detail the entity that providing short-term cash liquidity. the factor acts its own economic risk and advances payment the supplier and then, the invoice payment due date, transaction from the buyer the factor initiated. fac tor ess securitization cal zati ess before discussing detail how blockchain may change the securitization lifecycle, brief high-level review securitization (figure may helpful. begins with originating and underwriting loans, which are then serviced regularly, similar traditional bank lending. issuer originator pools together many loans, places them bankruptcy-remote trust special purpose vehicle (spv), and structures the securities. auditing firm reviews the pool and provides pool audit letter and agreed-upon procedures letter covering the pool statistics provided investors. rating agencies may asked express opinion the securities' creditworthiness providing credit rating. the underwriters' task raise investment capital. they work with counsel and the transaction sponsor prepare offering document. the underwriters then price and bring the securities market, where investors make purchases based their risk-reward preferences. trustees manage the trust entity and represent investor interests. servicer collects borrower repayments, pools them, and forwards them trustee, who allocates distributions security holders based the payments waterfall defined the transaction documents. rating agencies monitor the securities' performance and update ratings needed. secondary markets, investors continue review and reassess the securities based performance. broker-dealers make markets among investors trading the securities and establish new prices. securitization, due its current level complexity and the participation numerous intermediaries, mostly used for larger trade deals that range the millions dollars. shortcomings the current setup and efficiency gaps the securitization value chain are: non standardized processes and dependencies central clearing houses and custodians. this context, blockchain can have large impact transforming and enhancing securitization. market opportunity for blockchain powered solution opportunities for blockchain solutions the trade finance securitization process are summarized deloitte the flow below. this the platform that traxia will create (delloite, hai zati ossi tur step borrower and lender agree the terms loan, new electronic asset created the blockchain and time-stamped. ownership information and other pertinent underwriting data, such supporting documents credit scores, are attached the loan and recorded the blockchain. this information cannot altered without new consensus between the borrower and loan owner. step relevant information about the loan automatically coded into smart contract which governs the automated servicing the loan. the borrower makes fails make payments, this history added the loan-level data and supports future servicing decisions, such the possible need engage default servicer the borrower does not pay. ownership rights the asset are also automatically immutably recorded and timestamped. step the sponsor/issuer pools together loans and transfers them spv, which records the transfer and the related loans the blockchain. the 'automatable' portion the transaction's terms, including its cash-flow model, are written series smart contracts, which the sponsor/issuer, underwriter, rating agencies, trustees, and other relevant third parties verify and agree to. this consensus creates single governing model for the transaction. rating agencies, investors, and other relevant stakeholders reference this model and, desired, also the underlying loan-level data perform their assessment the newlycreated securities. addition, relevant portions the offering and legal documents are also automatically created with smart contracts. regulatory compliance largely automated, smart contracts are programmed immediately note any potential irregularities. step separate smart contract service the securities layered top the spv and the smart contract developed for the transaction itself. this new contract collects payments from loan servicers, references the cash-flow model specified the contract governing the spv, and distributes payments the beneficiary holders the security with only minimal delays for settlement. this information stream related rating agencies and the secondary markets. step ratings monitoring software sometime referred 'oracles' are placed the blockchain match the security performance with expected cash flows and trigger rating reviews when discrepancies arise. step trading market information platforms are constructed with blockchain technology interoperate with the blockchains used for the transactions and enable market makers create robust secondary markets securitized assets. with the help market makers, securities trading the blockchain near-instant and low cost, with regulatory compliance close automatic, data asset ownership reported realtime regulators while remains hidden from competitors. large investors could potentially directly trade these platforms without having through broker-dealers. step the securities are created and traded, beneficiary information stored and updated separate repository, which acts custodial entity. this updated beneficiary information referenced facilitate future security servicing. maintain confidentiality, only relevant trustees and regulators possess full access this information. less sensitive data such ratings underlying payments information could made available other actors. the growth factoring commercial, non-bank factoring enterprises are playing large role the us, uk, and china, and with the rise fintechs, non-bank players will have increasingly significant impact the industry. the explosive growth the industry, especially since the start the financial crisis, large part inspired improved perception risk globally, but also stemming from shift from overdraft/unsecured credit facilities receivables-based financing (international chamber commerce, combined growth national and international factoring: total factoring volume from those trends allow liqease and traxia tap into massive market with huge growth potential which supported increasingly favorable macroeconomic data and validated startups operating similar segments. traxia's solution: decentralized trade finance ecosystem the vision traxia establish open and decentralized ecosystem improve trade finance globally. traxia combines blockchain and open, connected architecture create new ecosystem for trade finance. allows corporates create smart contracts automated, self-executing digital contracts that trigger payments and receipts real time goods move through the supply chain. tracking goods through modern internet things (iot) solutions can further eliminate uncertainty about where physical goods are; blockchain helps verify identity and ownership and could conceivably simplify compliance and governance, well reducing manual work and human error. the transparency gain from such advancements ultimately leads better access finance several ways: trust and transparency inherent feature blockchain technology, further enhanced with smart contracts recording and confirming trade the traxia blockchain will create higher levels trust trades. seller and buyer are asked sign such trade transaction using their private keys record and create immutable entry blockchain. the technology makes seamless assign privileges data entries accordance the role each participant such as: trading businesses, investors, regulators, logistic providers etc. therefore combining data ownership with new level transparency needed. use cases around iot and business process automation will the focus our next phase. such use cases have the potential further increase supply chain transparency. securitization and standardization the initial traxia focus, with liqease developing the use case securitization can attractive both bank and non-bank investors. for banks, securitization allows them economize capital and/or liquidity and reduce dollar funding needs, while preserving return firms' expertise/comparative advantage originating and managing trade finance loans. distribution outside investors can also free counterparty space balance sheets and reduce trade loan concentrations. for non-bank investors, direct indirect investment trade finance assets offers potentially attractive return relative risk. will introduce how traxia will use blockchain technology streamline the securitization process below. standardization ranks among the top challenges having more institutional investors entering export finance (international chamber commerce, the traxia ecosystem will provide standardized processes and products make the issuance smart contract backed trade more seamless with the support our technology provider liqease limited. access capital markets through decentralization traxia will decentralizes trade finance technology and will work closely with international regulators make such open market possible. the largest global banks account for quarter third the global supply bank-intermediated trade finance, with local and regional banks providing the remainder (international chamber commerce, such centralization comes with the disadvantage dedicated market knowledge that favours local and regional banks. those banks the other hand face the disadvantage l/cs being denominated dollars which makes refinancing dollars hurdle and major obstacle for those banks (bank for international settlement, result, banks perceive that there more demand than supply for trade finance (international chamber commerce, decentralization has the potential stabilize the trade finance markets. new entrants such fixed income funds can get access standardized trade finance product similar corporate bond. such digital platform can also provide credit risk insurers with additional channel sell their products directly smes. our proposed model for optimizing financial flows supply chains, turns the actors within the supply chain into intermediaries who can overcome the problem asymmetric information between capital markets (e.g. banks) and the parties seeking capital. the smart contract traxia creates new trade finance platform that operates through smart contracts running blockchain. those smart contracts hold information such volume and duration underlying trade, while also becoming interoperable with existing enterprise resource planning (erp) systems, payment networks such swift, [ripple settlement system] and others. traxia also tool model and automate business processes save time, costs and generate higher efficiency for corporates along their respective supply chains. argued hans-christian pfohl and moritz gomm their paper 'supply chain finance: optimizing financial flows supply chains', the proposed model for financing the supply chain, turns the actors within the supply chain into intermediaries who can overcome the problem asymmetric information mentioned above. traxia will take their scientific model that has been proven successfully using qualitative approach, our underlying assumption improve cash allocation into traderelated financial products. nutshell, their model assumes that the information asymmetry between actors within the supply chain and financial institutions providing cash liquidity can solved making the supply chain actors part the financial supply chain. therefore make the trade intermediaries (buyers, sellers) part the financial supply chain letting them issue the trade related smart contracts using our technology. therefore propose the following actors part the traxia blockchain ecosystem for trade finance. besides the traxia itself, have companies engaging trade which call sellers and buyers, well investors, issuing providers, listing providers and facility warehouse loans. the actors seller company that offering product for sale. our ecosystem, also represents the party that looking improve its cash liquidity and, solely jointly with the buyer, looking issue smart contract representing trade obligation. the traxia ecosystem, these are often smes. buyer company that purchasing the product. the traxia ecosystem, the buyer often larger corporation which generally has better credit rating than sme seller. better ratings can used mitigate the risk for the investors the smart contract representing the trade obligation jointly issued, which similar the reverse factoring model. short, large company like porsche, more than likely pay than smaller company and that ability pay can help the credit rating the contract. investors person organization that puts money into financial products, assets, etc. with the expectation achieving profit. issuing provider due the novelty putting trade-finance blockchain, traxia came with the concept and role the 'issuing provider,' which the technology provider that setups and maintains the traxia platform. the issuing provider creates platform streamline the process uploading and validating business and trade details combining commonly used web technologies with modern blockchain infrastructure running the backend manner that transparent the buyer, seller investor. the only exposure that the actor would have the blockchain the need sign transaction with individual private key/passphrase that has been assigned the user. the issuing provider will responsible for the technical integration rating agencies and data providers e.g. accessing directly via oracles more traditional via api interfaces well provide access licensed payment gateways make settlement fiat currencies possible between actors. sum up, the issuing provider: sets and maintains the technical infrastructure gather information relevant for issuing the smart contract behalf the buyer and/or seller representing trade and including information such 'contract volume', 'contract currency', 'contract duration' etc.. implement standards guide buyers and sellers through due diligence process including kyc and aml checks based business certificates, staff passports, financial statements, audits, letters good standing etc. take necessary technical precautions terms data safety and implement the public key, asymmetric encryption method let buyers and sellers digitally sign their smart contract and digital asset issuing transactions listing providers listing provider marketplace that matches investors securities with listed and unlisted securities. listed security financial instrument that traded through exchange. exchanges have listing requirements ensure that only high-quality securities are traded them maintain the exchange's reputation among investors. although there increased scrutiny regulators regarding cryptocurrencies and increased targeting fraudulent ico business practices, there jurisdiction that has dedicated set rules and laws place categorize digital asset and/or blockchain token. also considering that accounts receivables are fact categorized current assets under international bookkeeping standards, seems unlikely see new set rules approaching that will transform accounts receivables into security, traditional factoring services have been operation for many years. some markets, like the us, and brazil, factoring unregulated, giving commercial factors advantage over their bank counterparts the traditional factoring field. loan warehousing loan warehousing the initial process acquiring debt from various sources, example, bank similar institution providing funds borrower without using the bank's own capital. the traxia ecosystem, debts that arise from trade transactions that not "find" immediate liquidity provider are warehoused. traxia implementing loan warehousing ensure that the the matching process does not become bottleneck for the ecosystem. the traxia owned warehousing facility will used launch for the initial trial period prove the concept, and make decentralization possible over the mid- long-term. traxia not specialist pricing debt will working with creditsafe, rating agency whose scores are recognized major credit insurers such euler hermes and coface. tokenized access the traxia platform our membership model straightforward and involves two types access accessing the ecosystem through issuing and listing services and membership fee per transaction basis settled traxia membership token (tmt) the conversion rate when the issuing and listing services have been provided. the following diagram illustrates the business model: www.creditsafe.com invoice volume discount total cost funding investor (spread) liqease (service fee due tmt) liqease places order marketplace where tmt traded based the market rate and accordance with the total service fee which the example. the service fee paid tmt accordance the services provided the company question. issuing service listing service ecosystem fee .-. .-. illustrated the graphic above, the technology provider liqease providing the services listing and issuing interested buyers and sellers access the ecosystem. liqease can compared the ethereum switzerland gmbh which associated the ethereum foundation and entitled use the funds the crowdsale according the statute the foundation. for establishing the basis the traxia ecosystem, liqease well traxia are therefore entitled share the overall proceeds illustrated above. whereas issuing and listing fees allocated liqease and ecosystem fee traxia. what already built figure liqease home page award winning liqease limited company registered hong kong since and borne out project that begun liqease the technology provider within the traxia ecosystem providing issuing and listing services buyers, sellers and investors. liqease has thus-far built simple and user-friendly web-interface that can used today buyers and sellers upload their invoice. the backend liqease running blockchain application layer for various blockchains such ethereum and will build upon cardano when ready. liqease limited operates listing provider i.e. running over-the-counter market which targets professional investors defined the regulators hong kong []. you can find out more about liqease http://liqease.co the workflow the current product built liqease follows: liqease was the winner slush shanghai (http://www.slush.org/news/liqease-to-win-theslush-shanghai-pitch-competition/) figure simplified version liqease process (to see video the process visit: https://goo.gl/jnhuna the assets created the platform are merely digital representation real trade asset issued the buyers/sellers, there need for international security identification number (isin). addition, there custodian the digital version the asset has already been digitally signed the supplier and/or buyer with their respective private keys and recorded blockchain. the blockchain distributed, this adds additional layer trust compared traditional central custodian safekeeping the asset. the asset then listed the marketplace instantly and settlement times can easily reduced minutes rather than days. initial proof concept one its first use cases, liqease was the issuing provider and listing provider for porsche digital innovation project (the buyer) who listed days invoice worth around total. the seller was vok dams and party corporate investor was the liquidity provider. the smart contract was registered the proof ethereum blockchain under the transaction number: http://www.proofsidechain.com/#/transaction/xeccccfbecb bcdeeefab. liqease currently working another project involving another german car manufacturer, well projects the fast moving consumer goods (fmcg) sector. liqease expects work number different financing projects during focusing its activity the multi-billion-dollar trade corridor between europe and china. traxia and liqease traxia non-profit foundation being established under the laws switzerland. the creator and initiator the blockchain model described this paper. the traxia foundation's mission promote and support the traxia platform through development and education and provide buyers, sellers and investors around the world with more accessible, transparent and more trustworthy system engage global trade. the traxia foundation will support projects like liqease and can invest entities and projects that support the purpose the foundation stated. liqease operates for profit businesses and building the gateways and applications connect and part the traxia ecosystem. liqease issuing and listing provider and fact the first successful proof concept the traxia ecosystem. coming back our initial assumption, the traxia platform creates more transparency within supply chain integrating smart contracts into business processes and creating the basis for buyers and sellers trade become active participants supply chain finance, hence improving the information symmetry between the supply chain and capital markets. higher information transparency between actors, increases the likelihood that financing can provided for asset that issued seller/buyer. the development liqease increases the demand for the tmt and improvement the smart contracts, creating higher levels transparency within the supply chain powered the traxia foundation. business strategy our strategy focuses creating network effect our decentralized trust and transparency ecosystem enables so. will use the well-known bowling pin strategy i.e. start with niche market, and then move other niches and broader markets. stage focusing the supply side first: traxia will work accepted and used sellers finance their trade. establishing partnerships with distributors that have existing relationship with those suppliers and vetted interest successfully financing such deal can enable instant scale. achieve that, will partner with distributors, importers and exporters focusing the fmcg market segment first particular the trade corridor between europe and china. are already positive talks with major players and working together with team belonging intermarche which had turnover that surpassed eurbn usd. get head start and accelerate growth, the loan warehousing facility will provide strategic advantage over competitors and makes possible streamline the process from the originating the debt the bundling and securitization aspect which relevant for institutional investors deploy their money efficiently. the goal use the warehousing entry strategy for different markets with large gaps trade credit and traditionally low default rates. will replaced independent banks and investors later stage fully decentralize the market. stage educate the initial client base and foster word-of-mouth campaigns through the creation referral program. stage broader market adoption targeting global investors such hedge funds. the more traxia recognized reliable ecosystem, the easier will expand globally. education will again key. traxia will need show investors how they can tap into new market standardized trade assets the basis immutable smart contracts that only accessible through the traxia ecosystem and its partners. product architecture and development roadmap concerning our product development, our roadmap looks follows: (alpha) january (beta) march monolith api (php), web clients (angular typescript) april monolith api (php), web clients (angular typescript) june july microservice api (nodejs/typescript/graphql), webclient (reactjs/typescript/redux), mobileclient (react native/typescript/redux) terms architecture, have three entities working together. first, build the core the project around our first use case and initial focus make the traxia ecosystem viable i.e. our cms, liqease.com. this cms has been developed using robust technologies such (php, typescript, angular). the cms has monolith architecture api (php) and uses angular /typescript client. second, have marketplace where professional investors can trade digital assets that are collateralized invoices and other relevant contracts relation such trade. this marketplace powered using open source projects (currently proofsuite and are close contact with their development team and cto tai kersten). are also working with other open source projects for operating such marketplace such e.g. lykke and are touch with their singapore team (zheng wei quah and alan laubsch). third, the ecosystem will powered membership/voucher token (tmt) that remunerates and incentivizes the participants and technology providers within the ecosystem. our second version will have different approach, based the latest client feedback well the product roadmap and the necessary flexibility within that roadmap. the key philosophy ease the process and make the platform easy use possible for our users. traxia will also develop the next generation the cms and use microservice api architecture (nodejs/typescript/graphql) that will responsible organise the different services and clients. our platform clients will web client (reactjs/typescript/redux) and mobile client (react native/typescript/redux) the second version the product will built the cardano blockchain infrastructure. the tmt token will made available cardano and believe more seamless integration between the traxia ecosystem requiring tmt pay for the technical services provided liqease. the third version will focus the smart contracts and making them 'truly smart'. our focus and satisfy market demand and prove that blockchain-based solution viable for trade finance. operating stable and scalable product that solves the trade finance gap utilizing blockchain for securitization the underlying trade will give the necessary fundamentals evolve the product over time and integrate smart contracts into the enterprise systems and workflows. annex. further details about the technology and smart contracts can found the traxia membership token (tmt) sale fund the initial operation and creation the traxia platform, will offering the sale tmt tokens. the supply tmt limited maximum max. one billion (,,,) tokens total, including those available for sale during the token sale. the tokens will generated upon the token launch and will distributed the following manner: the tokens will eventually allocated amongst the community. distributed the following order will allocated the foundation creation, development team, early backers. will allocated treasury with the purpose providing tmt liquidity necessary well being contingency fund. the traxia crowdsale and the corresponding token creation process will organized around smart contracts running the ethereum blockchain. participants willing support the development the traxia project can sending ether (eth) and ada tokens the designated address. doing so, they are purchasing tmt the rate tmt per us$ which will sent their eth wallet after the sale. any ada and eth that send the designated address will converted tmt market rate eth, ada us$ each day during the sale (utc+). ada, eth that has been transferred within the hours previous (utc+) each given day during the sale will included the daily conversion and tmt distributed the eth address that has been provided the purchaser. allocation percentage distribution first token sale tmt token pre-sale (march and token sale march-may unsold tmt will burned. second token sale additional token sale years' time. treasury emergency fund legal fees these will subject year lock-up. bounty program distributed developers for backing the project over the first years until projected profitability. advisors advisor will subject locked for months; locked for months team members, early backers and investors team member and investors will subject locked for months; locked for months token demand and supply the price for the tmt will priced markets and exchanges, identical any other token. our network and ecosystem grows more buyers and sellers issuing their digital assets using the services from issuing and listing providers the ecosystem the total amount tmt remains fixed max. ,,, tokens. such upper ceiling triggers traditional market dynamics, soon buyers and sellers issue smart contracts representing their trade obligation, generating tmt demand since membership required access the ecosystem. token amounts and discounts during pre-sale and sale the total amount tmt tokens sold will ,,. this first token sale. the price for the tmt will reduced during the pre-sale and early phases the sale follows: phase pre-sale sale (st round) sale (nd round) sale (rd round) tmt max amount depending depending previous previous round round discount max. usd depending depending previous round previous round usage proceeds from token sale business area business development sales smart-contract development legal and compliance max. budget usd portion budget ~,, ~,, ~,, liquidity buffer ~,, loan warehousing ~,, activities salaries and sales related expenses product development company establishment, contracts, licenses manage uncertainty warehousing and market making all phases combined the total amount tmt sold can not more than ,,. during the token sale from march-may team the liqease core team holds deep expertise launching and executing digital projects successfully both independently and for large corporations. the team has variety knowledge various disciplines such digital platforms, payments, fintech, fmcg, supply chain management, software engineering and more. profiles the team members are posted www.traxia.co legal important notice this document contains the terms and conditions (the "terms") which govern the token generating event ("tge") the traxia foundation ("traxia foundation"). the tge, the traxia foundation will issue [erc] tokens (the "traxia tokens") participants making contributions the course the tge (the "participants"), which grant certain rights set out herein and the traxia foundation's whitepaper (the "whitepaper"). participants must read, understand and consent both the terms and the whitepaper and sign pertaining token purchase agreement, all available https://www.traxia.co/terms-and-conditions, before they participate the tge. the traxia foundation foundation established under the laws switzerland and registered the commercial register the state zug; its legal domicile zug. the projects which the traxia foundation pursues are described detail, though not comprehensively, the whitepaper. solicitation participants interested supporting the traxia foundation and its projects may acquiring traxia tokens and following the procedure set out herein well the whitepaper, having agreed advance the terms and the whitepaper. neither these terms nor the whitepaper constitute offer sell, solicitation offer buy, interest any jurisdiction which unlawful make such offer solicitation. neither the swiss financial market supervisory authority (finma), the u.s. securities and exchange commission (sec) nor any other federal, state, foreign regulatory authority has approved contribution the traxia foundation the acquisition the traxia tokens. furthermore, the foregoing authorities have not confirmed the accuracy determined the adequacy these terms, nor intended that the foregoing authorities will so. any representation the contrary illegal. accordingly, participants will not afforded the protection respective laws. furthermore, participants confirm that they have not been solicited make contribution the traxia foundation acquire traxia tokens, but that any their contributions were made upon their own request. experience and suitability participants shall only participate the tge and when (i) they have carefully considered and thoroughly reviewed the information contained these terms well the whitepaper, (ii) they fully understand the risks, costs, and benefits associated with receiving traxia tokens, (iii) they agree bound these terms, and (ii) the whitepaper and the terms are acceptable for them. significant experience with, and understanding of, the usage and intricacies cryptographic tokens and blockchain-based software systems are essential for participants participate the tge. the participants bear the sole responsibility determine the acquisition traxia tokens the potential appreciation depreciation their value over time has tax implications for the participants their home jurisdictions. participants shall not construe these terms investment, legal, tax, regulatory, financial, accounting, other advice, and they are not intended provide the sole basis for any evaluation contribution. prior acquiring traxia tokens, participants should consult with their own legal, investment, tax, accounting, and other advisors determine (i) the potential benefits, burdens, and other consequences such investment, including without limitation participant's financial situation and goals, and (ii) suitability and appropriateness the acquisition, holding and disposition traxia tokens. participants are entirely responsible for the financial risk their contribution during the entire term. rights related traxia tokens participating the tge and obtaining the traxia token the course the latter, participants acquire rights whatsoever, neither expressed nor implied, related the traxia foundation its projects. particular, participants will have influence over the governance the traxia foundation, and control over its distribution, allocation and use the participants' contributions, which may include covering costs incurred before the tge, strategic reserves, and awards for beneficiaries (including without limitation parties affiliated with the traxia foundation, any related legal entities the projects) who the traxia foundation's view significantly contributed the projects. thus the traxia foundation's sole discretion how and whom participants' contribution will given the context its projects; will deems fit. participants' contributions the course the tge are final and non-refundable. the participants acknowledge that the traxia foundation not required provide refund for any reason, and the participants will not receive money other compensation for any traxia tokens that are not used remain unused. participation the tge involves high degree risk, volatility, and illiquidity. participants need aware that participating the tge, their entire contribution the traxia foundation may lost for whatever reason, particular due the fact that the traxia foundation and its project are still under development, and warranties can given that will successfully completed. the traxia foundation will best efforts basis take economically reasonable measures issue the traxia tokens and release the project, but may possible that the project launch will not occur, that the traxia tokens, even successfully developed and maintained, may not meet participants' expectations the time purchase. consequence, the traxia token may have value after all. contrary traditional start-up financings, participants not have any comparable rights all; they are neither shareholders (equity financing) nor creditors (debt financing), and they not have any corresponding rights whatsoever. furthermore, the traxia foundation may any given time cancel the tge for whatever reason and its sole discretion. addition, guarantees can given that the tge will carried out completed accordance with the time-frame set out the whitepaper. authorization participants represent and warrant that they are authorized acquire and obtain traxia tokens their relevant jurisdiction, that they are not subject jurisdiction where the distribution, acquisition, holding and resale traxia tokens restricted, and are legal age bound these terms. they shall make their own investigations and evaluations the contributions that will delivered pursuant thereto, including the merits and risks involved. participants shall inform themselves the legal requirements applicable them respect the acquisition, holding, and disposition the traxia tokens upon their delivery, and the income and other tax consequences them such acquisition, holding, and disposition. they shall accordingly observe all applicable restrictions. these terms shall not used relied upon any person who subject laws which for whatever reason prohibit restrict the distribution, publication, availability use these terms and the whitepaper any actions taken thereunder, such the distribution, acquisition, holding and resale traxia tokens (including without limitation citizens residents the u.s., canada, u.k., singapore, north and south korea, hong kong, china). with regard the aforementioned, including without limitation case regulatory actions against participants who acquired traxia tokens despite any applicable limitations their jurisdictions, participants further represent and warrant that they will not hold the traxia foundation, its affiliates, officers, directors, agents, joint ventures, employees, advisors and suppliers, now the future, liable for any losses, costs any direct, special, incidental, consequential damages arising out of, any way related to, the tge the traxia foundation. forward-looking statements certain statements contained the terms the whitepaper constitute forward-looking statements. such forward-looking statements, including the intended actions and performance objectives the traxia foundation, involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other important factors that could cause the actual results, performance, achievements the traxia foundation its development the project differ materially from any future results, performance, achievements expressed implied such forward-looking statements. representation warranty made future performance such forward-looking statements. all forward-looking statements the terms the whitepaper speak only the date hereof. the traxia foundation expressly disclaims any obligation undertaking disseminate any updates revisions any forward-looking statement contained herein reflect any change its expectation with regard thereto any change events, conditions, circumstances which any such statement based. provision additional information the traxia foundation will cooperate with all law enforcement enquiries, subpoenas, requests provided they are fully supported and documented the law the relevant jurisdictions. this also applies information requests with regard participants from regulatory authorities. immediately upon first request, participants shall provide the traxia foundation information which deems, its sole discretion, required maintain compliance with any federal, state, local, domestic foreign laws, regulations policies. the participants acknowledge that the traxia foundation may refuse distribute traxia tokens until such requested information will provided. limitation liability participants release the traxia foundation and its respective predecessors, successors and assigns the fullest extent permitted law from all claims, demands, actions, damages, losses, costs and expenses every kind and nature, known and unknown (including, but not limited to, claims negligence, actions for breach warranty, breach contract, tort), arising out otherwise connection with: (a) their contributions the traxia foundation; (b) their participation the traxia foundation's tge; (c) their rights, responsibilities obligations under these terms and the whitepaper; (d) their violation these terms; (e) their violation any rights any other person entity, including relation arising out disputes between the traxia foundation and them between them and other participants the tge, and the acts omissions third parties, (f) their envisaged future use the traxia token. indemnification participants shall indemnify the traxia foundation and its respective predecessors, successors and assigns the fullest extent permitted law from and against all claims, demands, actions, damages, losses, costs and expenses (including attorneys' fees) that arise out are otherwise connected with: (a) their contribution the foundation; (b) their participation the tge; (c) their rights, responsibilities obligations under these terms and the whitepaper; (d) their violation these terms; (e) their violation any rights any other person entity. the traxia foundation reserves the right exercise sole control over the defense, the participants' expense, any claim subject indemnification under this section. this indemnity addition to, and not lieu of, any other indemnity implied into set forth any written agreement between participants and the traxia foundation provided any applicable laws. disclaimer warranties participants expressly agree that they obtain traxia tokens their own risk and that the traxia tokens are provided "as is" basis without warranties any kind, either express implied, including without limitation warranties title implied warranties, merchantability fitness for particular purpose. without limiting the foregoing, warranty given that the tge will uninterrupted, error-free fully completed. severability any portion these terms found illegal unenforceable, whole part, such provision shall, such jurisdiction, ineffective solely the extent such determination invalidity unenforceability without affecting the validity enforceability thereof any other manner jurisdiction and without affecting the remaining provisions the terms, which shall continue full force and effect. updates the terms the traxia foundation reserves the right, its sole discretion, change, modify, add, remove portions the terms any time during the tge posting the amended terms its website https://www.traxia.co/terms-and-conditions. any participant will deemed have accepted such changes purchasing traxia tokens. any point participants not agree any portion the then-current version the terms, they should not purchase traxia tokens. governing law and dispute resolution these terms shall governed by, interpreted and construed accordance with the substantive laws switzerland, without giving effect its conflict laws principles. any claim dispute arising out these terms shall submitted the exclusive jurisdiction the competent courts zug, switzerland, and participants hereby submit irrevocably the jurisdiction such courts with the exclusion any other jurisdiction and formally waive any and all claims with respect thereto including any claim forum non conveniens. works cited asian development bank. (). retrieved from asian development bank: https://www.adb.org/news/global-trade-finance-gap-reaches--trillion-smeshardest-hit-adb bank for international settlement. (). trade finance: development and issues. retrieved from https://www.bis.org/publ/cgfs.pdf delloite. (). applying blockchain securitization. retrieved from https://digitalchamber.org/assets/sfig-blockchain-report.pdf international chamber commerce. (). rethinking trade finance. retrieved from http://store.iccwbo.org/content/uploaded/pdf/icc_global_trade_and_finance _survey_.pdf international chamber commerce. (). rethinking trade finance. retrieved from https://iccwbo.org/publication/-rethinking-trade-finance/ international chamber commerce. (). rethinking trade finance. retrieved from https://cdn.iccwbo.org/content/uploads/sites////-rethinkingtrade-finance.pdf international labour office. (). small and medium-sized enterprises and decent and productive employment creation, report iv. international monetary fund. (). recent trends correspondent banking relationships further considerations kemper, (). sandy kemper keynote the fintech financial future summit. retrieved from https://cfo.com/zh-tw////sandy-kemper-keynotefintech-financial-future-summit/ pwc. (). supply chain forum barometer. retrieved from https://www.pwc.nl/nl/assets/documents/pwc-scf-barometer.pdf world economic forum. (). retrieved from https://www.weforum.org/agenda///-steps-to-closing-the--trillioncredit-gap/ world economic forum. (). the future fintech: paradigm shift small business finance. world trade organization. (). restoring trade finance during period financial crisis. retrieved from https://www.wto.org/english/res_e/reser_e/ersd_e.pdf annex technical details introduction the smart contract represents asset issued business entity after trade has been confirmed. providing the necessary infrastructure, issuing and listing providers earn tmt tokens for providing such services. the tokens tmt and the smart contracts make the creation such ecosystem therefore viable. the purpose this section introduce the traxia network, provide overview the transaction scheme and logic and looks some components more detail. categorize and define decentralized liquidity network (dln) and argue for traxia dln. formalizes verifiable assets and constructs two scenarios, liquidity provision and liquidity retrieval, governed the information written and read from smart contract, respectively. discusses use cases, connections other systems, and how make use the ecosystem. our smart contracts provide liquidity and retrieval services from network independent liquidity providers and payment service providers settle transactions through traditional channels. (a) issuers pay get access liquidity providers (b) liquidity providers get paid through traditional banking channels (c) issuing and listing providers earn tokens providing the technical infrastructure fundamental components the traxia network and its tokens build upon two unique components: decentralized liquidity network (dln): network independent entities that provision liquidity through issuing and listing providers. the traxia network incentivized, auditable and verifiable dln construct. verifiable assets: liquidity provision requests and retrieval requests are modeled traditional orders the markets provided the listing providers within the traxia network. verifiable assets ensure that payments are initiated when service has been legally agreed upon between buyer and seller. participants any active business can participate client and make use the services provided. liquidity providers need hold the necessary licenses and may classified professional investor the jurisdiction they are operating in. this subject change depending the regulatory environment. settling all transactions blockchain does course make more sense from efficiency and technology point view. clients pay access additional liquidity through the technical infrastructure provided the traxia ecosystem and its partners (issuing and listing providers) within the dln. liquidity providers and issuers settle their trade individually. issuing and listing providers are required provide the services described under section 'traxia's solution'. for the near future, the foundation exclusively working and supporting liqease guarantee quality and compliance since traxia's board controls liqease. will guided decentralisation process driven the foundation due the regulatory uncertainty and the need for guidelines and laws the respective jurisdictions make truly decentralized traxia ecosystem feasible and compliant. proof issuing needs submitted the issuing provider the network that asset has been generated certain point time. missing proofs can used impose penalties the issuing providers. listing providers need proof that asset verifiable, liquidity has been provisioned and retrieved. the ecosystem all users and partners that are providing software and infrastructure make access the traxia network possible, are defined one abstract entity: the ecosystem. the ecosystem acts agent manage, validate and repair potential mistakes within the network. the ledger our smart contracts are applied top ledger-based technology and intend use cardano for our future development. the ledger accessible the users any given time. the traxia dln can implemented and deployed top any other ledger that allows for the structure the smart contracts defined this document. the issuing providers issuing providers offer the technological infrastructure make seamless and smooth for businesses issue their assets using traditional web technologies combination with modern blockchain elements. the listing providers liquidity (supply) and the demand for such met the markets operated the listing providers. brief, issuers and liquidity providers set the prices for the services they request submitting their orders the markets. those markets provide way for users identify suitable offers and execute deals. smart contract overview the smart contracts are the basis the decentralised liquidity platform. issuers (buyers, sellers) who make use the smart contract 'template' and list their individual assets will need purchase tmt access the ecosystem. the purchase and distribution tmton behalf the issuer will automatically handled the smart contract. (a) verifying the amount issued asset the currency chosen buyer and/or seller via their digital signature (b) posting transaction and currency settlement requests payment service provider (c) initiate tmt purchase order and distribution accordance with the prices defined between issuers and issuing and listing providers. the traxia dln can handle liquidity provision and retrieval requests listing providers and their markets. issuers and issuing, listing providers set the prices for the requested services. issuing and listing providers are independent business entities that act and conduct business behalf themselves and their own best interest. some extent they can compared mining providers where offline hardware infrastructure needed but the service completely automatized and essential for the ecosystem function and therefore necessary part the traxia ecosystem and network. smart contract overview network liquidity provision market each time the network any time via listing provider for each new listing request submit new ask and bid order for listed (a) check the asset the right format asset (b) check all proofs are valid (c) discard asset any above fails any time via listing provider for each asset for each new asset introduced (a) find matching assets based (a) issuing contract attached requirements (b) invoice attached (c) trade documents available receiving asset from issuer (d) trade contracts available check token matches asset defined (e) discount defined upon issuing (f) maturity defined initiate payment through payment service provider issuer liquidity retrieval market any time via issuing provider submit new asset generation request any time via listing provider submit liquidity provision request maturity asset payment through payment service provider issuer initiated tmt are distributed issuing and listing providers for their services definition decentralized liquidity network decentralized liquidity network (dln) runs autonomous system that aggregates liquidity from various independent liquidity providers, providing liquidity provision and retrieval markets for issuers self-coordinated way. having decentralized coordination without trusted parties place technically feasible through the use protocols verify and coordinate operations that are carried out individual issuers. dln governed two main principles: put(asset) identifier: clients execute the put request issue asset under unique identifier. get(identifier) asset: clients execute the get protocol retrieve asset (information) that currently stored using the identifier. properties integrity attacker can convince issuers accept altered falsified assets. definition: dln scheme provides asset integrity if: for any successful put execution for some asset (a) under identifier (i), there computationally-bounded adversary (a) that can convince issuer accept falsified asset (a') the end get execution for identifier (i). retrievability this property captures the requirement that, given our fault-tolerance assumptions of, some asset has been successfully stored and issuing and listing providers continue follow the standards defined spa token template, then users can eventually retrieve the asset. definition: dln scheme provides retrievability if: for any successful put execution for asset under identifier, there exists successful get execution for identifier for which user retrieves the asset. publicly verifiable definition: dln scheme publicly verifiable if: for each successful put, the network issuing providers can generate proof that the asset currently being issued. must convince any efficient verifier, which only knows the identifier and does not have access the asset. auditable definition: dln scheme auditable, generates verifiable trace operation that can checked the future confirm liquidity was indeed provisioned for the right duration time. incentive driven definition: dln scheme incentive driven, if: issuing, listing and liquidity providers are rewarded for successfully offering liquidity and retrieval service, penalized for misbehaving, that the issuing and listing providers' dominant strategy provide working technology infrastructure make the provision liquidity possible. lifecycle digital asset (smart contract) backed trade put: buyers and sellers issue digital assets using the smart contract infrastructure. buyers and sellers can issue their assets paying issuing and listing providers tmt tokens. with put request, buyers and sellers issue digital asset via issuing provider and subsequently trigger bid order the market operated listing provider. after matching such bid order with ask order from liquidity provider, the buyers and sellers send the digital asset the liquidity provider. the parties sign the order and transaction recorded the blockchain. the pricing such orders been made between issuers and liquidity providers. get: buyers and sellers retrieve digital assets using the smart contract infrastructure the get request defined upon issuing the smart contract already and executed accordance with the maturity the digital asset that has been defined the issuer upon creation. general the duration should not extend days but the sole discretion the issuer set such duration and maturity date. liquidity provision and retrieval markets traxia makes use markets that are operated listing providers and aim decentralized the future. structure and design those markets inherently defined the requirements tmt and the smart contracts representing trade. they are created and adapted around those given necessities. the liquidity provision market allows the issuers pay listing providers list their assets their marketplaces. the liquidity retrieval market intrinsic requirement that given the smart contract structure and due the limited duration and validity any such listed digital asset represented such smart contract. issuers and liquidity providers can set their own supply and demand driven prices initiate transactions based available offers the market. dln requirements and guarantees achieve integrity, retrievability, public verifiability and being incentive driven, the traxia dln established the following guidelines. integrity: put request initiated buyer and seller after both parties signed such request with their individually assigned private keys. the cryptographic hash resulting from such action assigned the digital asset and therefore allows verify the integrity the asset during the time listing. retrievability: storing the asset decentralized way default feature the blockchain are building on. the digital asset stored fault tolerant various instances within the ecosystem and user can therefore increase the likelihood recovery one instance crashes disconnects. public verifiability and auditability: issuing providers are required submit proofs issuing the blockchain. the validity those blocks can hence verified any user the ecosystem using those proofs without the need accessing the detailed information associated with the issued asset. being stored the blockchain, those immutable proofs are trace that can audited any given time. incentive compatibility: issuing and listing providers are both rewarded for the services they are providing. when issuers initiate put request, issuing providers are required generate proofs and listing providers have fully operational marketplace list the asset behalf the issuer. issuing providers that not create proofs will denied access the listing provider and are not entitled any rewards. listing providers that don't operate working marketplace defined herein are not entitled any rewards. confidentiality: issuers that desire their assets private, can list and offer those assets preselected liquidity providers only. trade validation and settlement verifiable digital assets transactions that are traditionally conducted between buyers and sellers for the exchange goods and services can only validated certain extent. however, need and require those transactions and underlying assets verifiable that actors can verify the legitimacy the asset and trade between buyers and sellers. verifiable digital assets need confirmation via digital signatures from two more parties and the transactions are transparent. verifiable assets are digital representation that aims stored decentralized fashion. issuing and listing services are provided independent parties. issuing can verified the participants the ecosystem and the orders and transactions that are initiated marketplace operated listing provider are recorded blockchain. verifiable asset can issued with the intent receive liquidity and retrieved due the limited amount time such digital asset valid. its existence and ownership status can accessed all time during its lifecycle blockchain explorer. future work smart contracts users will able interact with the smart contract sending transactions trigger specific functions. aim optimize those contracts execute features that are desired participants the traxia ecosystem. example would the interaction with trusted oracle gather and verify data that linked the issuer and the underlying collateral trade. those digital asset related contracts can have variety useful features such contracted issuing and listing, predefined remuneration schemes, escrow services and more complex operations such updating data associated with the asset based the actual status the trade and supply chain. mentioned above, our initial production system currently running ethereum and ethereum sidechain. there significant work progress terms creating bridges between the different blockchains. are most bullish the developments cardano and intend base our entire solution (tmt and the smart contract framework) their technology. our overall aim use and bring the most advanced technology the issuers and participants the traxia ecosystem and will therefore support such initiatives, well. depending the regulatory environment would great integrate into crypto funds and cross border payment settlement systems such swift and others. this document provides clear path towards the construction and establishment the traxia ecosystem. still consider this work the initiator for discussion and further research potential decentralized liquidity network. our ongoing work consists adapting our current system the features and principles described herein. operating system gives the opportunity develop according market demand and feedback. our future work will therefore driven the users and participants within the traxia ecosystem and aim make those works publicly available the end get and make use additional feedback from the community.