white paper ver the purpose this paper describe the concept international blockchain* lottery, its principles and the business rules which support its technical implementation, well the prize fund constitution, the marketing plan including the referral program, and the token sale. will address all relevant aspects related the development, promotion and operation the system the international market. blockchain distributed database that maintains continuously growing list ordered records called blocks. design, blockchains are inherently resistant modification the data once recorded, the data block cannot altered retroactively. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blockchain (c) true flip white paper (ver summary........................................................................................................... introduction................................................................................................... gambling market overview............................................................................... blockchain technology online gambling ..................................................... mission.............................................................................................................. operating scheme....................................................................................... how does the draw take place and why transparent?........................... distribution the prize fund.......................................................................... business model........................................................................................... marketing strategy...................................................................................... roadmap...................................................................................................... token sale................................................................................................... why still need sell tokens? ............................................................. token sale details........................................................................................... raised funds distribution................................................................................ table contents escrow the token sale funds..................................................................... token holders benefits................................................................................ token technical aspects............................................................................ token smart contract functionality............................................................... token sale technical aspects........................................................................ token holder game......................................................................................... voting with tokens........................................................................................... lottery transparency ...................................................................................... lottery features........................................................................................... test period....................................................................................................... jackpot: increase and release....................................................................... calculation....................................................................................................... methods depositing.................................................................................... payouts winning.......................................................................................... further development roadmap introducing new lotteries the project team...................................................................................... management.................................................................................................. developers...................................................................................................... marketing......................................................................................................... project advisors.............................................................................................. privacy...................................................................................................... conclusion ............................................................................................... references...................................................................................................... summary true flip blockchain lottery platform. have already developed bitcoin-based and fair-proof lottery (powerball*) and plan make least more lottery games. the first stage the development and have done half the work already. order fulfill our mission the best possible way are making the whole lottery fully transparent: every ticket sold, every win and financial results will published the blockchain. the second goal make true flip platform decentralized virtually possible. the third, probably the most ambitious goal create platform which could used private companies, charitable foundations and even governments set any kind lotteries white label. further details are set forth this whitepaper. the first step, plan create true flip tokens which will grant their holders access special quarterly game and entitle them vote the lottery's future development. will also launch token sale order distribute all true flip tokens within the community. the team will own the tokens remain motivated keep developing the project. the remaining will used pay for advisers, escrow and bounty services. all unsold tokens will burned. there will the tfl tokens issued the rate btc per token. during the token sale tokens will put sale. the ticket sales revenues will allocated tfl token holder game, held only among the tfl token owners. true flip group srl incorporated costa rica, which officially allows online gambling. trueflip.io website contains terms conditions, public offer, privacy policy and referral system agreement. (c) true flip white paper (ver introduction gambling market overview according gambling capital (www.hgc.com), the casino business was major revenue contributor the offline gambling market money equivalent, accounted for billion with market share. the lottery segment occupied (or billion), followed slot machines with (or billion). income structure global offline gambling business (bln dollars and bingo betting slot machines lottery casino when comes the online gambling market, there were certain differences. the leader was betting, with market share ($. billion). was followed casino business and lotteries. each with ($. billion) and ($. billion), respectively. online lottery has added value and low market share comparison offline lottery, seems that this segment has strong market potential the future. (c) true flip white paper (ver introduction income structure global online gambling business (billion dollars and bingo logical poker lottery casino betting result, the size offline gambling market accounted for billion while online gambling market was billion. can seen from the graph below, both offline and online markets are gradually growing. notable that online gambling increasing with higher growth rate comparison with offline one. according the gambling capital forecast, the offline gambling industry will occupy only the overall market revenue, whereas online one will keep increasing the future. expected that revenues from the online gambling market will exceed billion compound annual growth rate around (c) true flip white paper (ver introduction income offline and online gambling (billion dollars) offline online blockchain technology online gambling cryptocurrencies quickly seize the online gambling market, turning into the most popular means payment among gambling sites. until recently, only several resources accepted bitcoins, but today its integration into payment systems has become ubiquitous. many participants the online gambling market believe that the cryptocurrencies will continue occupy this industry. this mostly happens due its lower regulators control relative fiat money for both players and online operators. other advantages include: need identify users; restrictions the amount transactions; acceleration payments; lowering the minimum payment threshold. looks like cryptocurrencies are turning into the most reliable, transparent and profitable medium circulation for the online gambling industry. soon the online casinos blockchain will become familiar the internet. with the advent blockchain technology, which gives transparency and cross-border dimension the whole industry, became possible make honest international lottery. moreover, thanks the new trend smart contracts for ethereum, this lottery can belong the community and not handful stakeholders. (c) true flip white paper (ver introduction so, when talk about lottery based blockchain technology, are talking about linking the wide lottery participation the whole gambling market the constant and significant growth bitcoin's* share the global financial market. fif population par take lot teries ypto market capitalization $+. bln. grow million bitcoin wallets registered blockhain.info bln. spent lot teries throughout the world combined, those trends bring about brand new opportunities for online gambling, especially considering the increasing number networked devices and the number users who prefer play online and anonymously. despite the turnover and the prevalence lotteries one the most important games the world, there are numerous problems concerning fair play due the issues surrounding the raffles and the awards. was mentioned above, presently large number issues involving prize distribution and fairness raffles are observed, which becomes even worse when associated with the difficulty receiving the prize and the high fees and taxes involved. however, with the massive use blockchain technology, finally have the opportunity solve these old problems, bringing about the complete and total transparency all the operations involving the true flip platform the main change and the most important advantage. true flip platform, all lottery issues such ticket purchase, random number generation for betting and draws, prize fund composition, prize tickets verification, prize distribution and other operations are implemented using blockchain technology and open source code available github**. trueflip token (tfl) holders are entitled enforce any changes suggested for the platform. bitcoin both cryptocurrency and electronic payment system invented unidentified programmer, group programmers, under the name satoshi nakamoto. bitcoin was introduced october cryptography mailing list, and released open-source software https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bitcoin ttps://github.com/trueflip/prizecounter (c) true flip white paper (ver introduction mission lotteries give chance dramatically change one's life for the better. this chance has always drawn the attention millions people around the world for the past years, giving them hope improve their financial condition. true flip's goal become the most popular and transparent blockchain lottery that belongs international community and offers the biggest jackpot the world. most currently existing lotteries are totally centralized even held governments and are hardly transparent. our mission build true flip provably fair and decentralized lottery platform that neither any nation state, nor single authority, nor members our team could control. also take into account the following points the way our goal: online gambling recognized the fastest-growing sector the industry; the synergy the cryptocurrencies and gambling market opens new opportunities for projects this industry; the size the lottery market the offline sector about eur billion, while the online sector only about eur billion; combining the advantages blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies (as means payment), will able seize the market share from classic lotteries turning their disadvantages into our possibilities. (c) true flip white paper (ver operating scheme true flip the international anonymous lottery based the blockchain technology with instant payouts and the source code the winning combination publicly available. our game looks the same any ordinary lottery (for example powerball): you guess five numbers between and and one number between and decided significantly increase the probability winning reducing the total quantity numbers from which makes the chance winning times higher than powerball. after that, our system randomly draws six numbered balls and the whole process totally transparent. however, these are all similarities classic lotteries. our advantage comes from the fact that our lottery fully based bitcoin blockchain. everything concerning draw process must transparent every user and exclude any possibility meddling with results. applied those advanced technologies completely overhaul the rules the game that had not seen any major changes for almost years. our goal make more convenient, open, fair, and valuable. how does the draw take place and why transparent? the trueflip.io lottery system works taking the first block blockchain which fits the technical requirements that appears after p.m. utc (which impossible know advance, because last ticket for the draw cannot purchased after p.m. utc) and plugs into the algorithm, which can found github*, generate the six numbers for the upcoming drawing. this process repeats for every draw p.m. every day. the full explanation about the process can watched youtube** read article trueflip's official medium blog***. because lottery based blockchain, possible obtain several advantages, applying advanced technologies completely transform the way the game processed: any person from any place the world should able sign our lottery without providing any private information; the draw process operated open-source software. this excludes any possibility the project's team interfering with the draw process.; prize payouts are executed instantly, third parties involved. all payments are shown the open blockchain ledger and any player may make sure that we've given all prizes full concordance with lottery rules. all transactions are reflected the open registry (blockchain) and any user can monitor payment pro- cessing all the time. with that, one needs id, licence, registration work with bitcoin it's enough just create wallet (on blockchain.info, for example). fact, the bitcoin network accessible everybody connected the internet. this monetary system, well our lottery which bitcoin-based and works pursuant the same rules, one the most friendly and open technologies today. https://github.com/trueflip/prizecounter https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bueulqbxxi *** https://medium.com/@trueflip/verifying-trueflip-winning-combinations-ccaee (c) true flip white paper (ver operating scheme all those features enable provide quality entertainment any user that wants test their luck daily basis playing the lottery, well make trueflip the number one blockchain lottery the bitcoin community. distribution the prize fund the system automatically converts every payment bitcoin and transfers funds the prize fund the lottery. the platform prize fund transparent and always open for viewing due blockchain technology, and accounts for the ticket cost. (for more information about the distribution the ticket sales revenue, see the business model section). bet wins when numbers the ticket match the numbers the winning set according the table below. atch prize proba bilit jackpot btc ($.) btc ($.) btc ($.) btc ($.) btc ($.) btc ($.) btc ($.) winnings* these categories are determined after calculation winnings with fixed prizes. the payout fund the difference between the amount the prize fund the run and amount payable for fixed-prize winnings. the jackpot initially formed the token sale stage and refilled the lottery tickets being sold. for more information about the lottery process and winnings distribution see section (lottery features). (c) true flip white paper (ver business model trueflip offers transparent business model for tfl token holders. every sold ticket, winnings, withdrawals and operational expenses will open for every tfl token holder and recorded onto the blockchain, will not change. the main service that generates trueflip's profits ticket sales. the structure below shows how cash flow assigned main areas expenditures. marketing strategy ticket structure tfl token holders game sold tickets per day -%* -%* marketing budget tickets fixed price btc operations -%* proof community. all decisions will made token holders votings. jackpot referral program friends the ticket price comprises btc its ethereum litecoins equivalent. our basic forecast suggests sold tickets per day. this number accounts for only the global online-gambling market current prices. after the launch three new lotteries, the daily turnover our model might reach sold tickets (.% the world market). after player buys ticket, the funds will distributed follows: goes straight the jackpot -%* for marketing -%* for operations referral awards -%* the token holder game this spread depends policy, that will agreed with all tfl token holders via voting said issues. (c) true flip white paper (ver marketing strategy since may when our marketing strategy started, have achieved some stats: daily traffic more than visitors*, more than tickets played daily, and overall winning btc. order stimulate the steady growth the platform, users can participate one more specific promotion campaigns accordingly with their user profile and the desired extent their involvement. marketing plan referral program par tnership net works views ever month world's best bloggers fline par tners all players can spread the word about this innovative lottery platform and invite friends and other players using their personal referral link. after your referred friends sign trueflip, gets free ticket start playing. users will receive their referred players' winnings ongoing basis (including the jackpot!). this feature also implemented without human involvement and part the marketing strategy called "friends' winnings". thus, true flip users continuously remain interested inviting other players the platform, because each guest ends increasing the chances winning each new draw. another deep marketing strategy consists joining partnership network, which technological platform connecting advertisers and partners, ensuring financial and informational interaction between them. any kind business organizations get opportunity holding advertising campaigns online. the other hand, media partners get instruments for selection and deployment advertising offers. are also developing widget for quick lottery tickets purchase the websites our partners. given the importance well-defined marketing plan, impossible ignore the increase the number internet users around the world and the effect that blogs and specialised sites have those users. despite the huge number pages the most varied platforms, the list most influential pages practically does not change, varying only the local classification between them. this characteristic allows easily identify the most effective media run public campaigns. will also use the power social networks and their tools our marketing strategy. addition, intend conduct various media advertising, pr-campaigns, off-line activities different regions and non-standard advertising through the attraction off-line partners.concerning the marketing budget, expensive but effective achieve users per day. however, this detailed plan supported financial resources previously set forth the platform's fund-sharing strategy. all reports will fully transparent for the token holders. http://imgur.com/a/cxfit (c) true flip white paper (ver roadmap the true flip platform's launch will phased follows: are here concept mvp stage month development beta start stage tickets played (c) true flip white paper (ver persale stage token sale stage btc attracted target btc development and marketing stage decentralizated platform stage additional lotteries tickets full transparency token sale first all, what differs true flip's token sale from other token sales that have already made the product, opposed others who just promise develop something the future. why still need sell tokens? here are the main issues: jackpot. lottery interesting only there big jackpot. for powerful launch are planning raise btc for jackpot via token sale campaign. this value achieved multiplying: totalsalegoal where share funds assigned for jackpot, totalsalegoal amount money raised during the token sale and the first part the jackpot. the jackpot will secured cold wallets with use multisignature escrow involving three community stakeholders, while the development team won't have any access this money. when someone lucky wins the jackpot, will transferred manually. second jackpot. understand that the probability winning the jackpot :``. but the risk still exists, and must ensure that everything can protect interests our contributors. therefore, will have second jackpot, the size btc, which corresponds the funds assigned for the jackpot. the calculation follows: totalsalegoal will also stored cold wallet and use multisignature escrow involving three community stakeholders, but will only used the first jackpot won. thus, minimize the risk losing interest our lottery during one the first drawings the jackpot will won. transparency. want prove the blockchain community that our game fair. this very moment true flip not decentralized. our team knows about this and has plan how make true flip much decentralized virtually possible. our next goal make the lottery independent any third-party (including the team). development. plan develop (three) more lotteries based smart contracts. marketing and pr. understand that project can hardly attract millions customers without marketing budget. selling tfl tokens will assemble budget for global marketing campaign. token sale details have successfully completed the pre-token sale, which tfl tokens were sold the total amount). the raised funds will used finance operations and increase the jackpot. expected token sale commencement date: june ... issuance tfl tokens: tfl tokens (c) true flip white paper (ver token sale distribution rules tfl token distribution rules escrow advisers bounty team crowdsale during the crowdsale, all participants the truefilp token sale will allocated number tfl tokens depending their contribution and current bonus. once the crowdsale over, the trueflip team will distribute tokens tfl token smart contract. the price the tfl token btc. during the token sale we'll collecting the funds bitcoin, ether and litecoin. token sale goal: btc including the bonuses. bonuses for early contributors sales volume, btc (c) true flip white paper (ver token sale raised funds distribution: also need implement maximum transparency the system moving true flip decentralized platform and make independent from any third parties this task will also financed from the funds raised during the token sale. crowdsale campain btc development marketing budget token operations legal jackpot btc+ jackpot jackpot the tokens assigned for the development team, remain under escrow and will released stages: will available after token sale; will hold until reaching the kpi (launch new lotteries); will hold for year. the initial stage tokens will distributed between the managing team reward for their efforts bring true flip platform existence. the future these tokens can negotiated among other partners interested development and growth the project/platform. all unsold tokens will burned. (c) true flip white paper (ver token sale escrow the token sale funds our escrows are: richard kestelein ceo (www.cryptoassets.io, blockchain news, www.the-blockchain.com and www. blockchain-partners.com). george basiladze founder cryptopay, bitcoin payment gateway (www.cryptopay.me) nikita parhomenko co-founder and coo true flip (www.trueflip.io). public addresses will published right after the start the token sale. the raised funds will (in confirmation two) transferred multi-signature address, with two the keys held trusted third-party individuals (escrow). this way the funds are protected escrow account that will released defined cases, described below. the raised funds can only accessed with the consent least two the three signees and when all the conditions are met. bitcoin collecting address; ethereum collecting address; responsibilities the crowdfunding escrow are follows: verification the amount and the source funds not observable public blockchains through documentation provided true flip; determining the conditions for successful unsuccessful crowdfund regard this information; acting accordance with this condition either transfer refund wallets under partial control arbitrator; recording the time and the type arbitrator work hours (via google doc, viewing and commenting publicly). decidedly not responsible for: verifying the functioning smart contracts technical infrastructure; conforming being held liable for the lawful compliance the token sale. liability: preserving wallets the best the arbitrator's knowledge and skills (minimum are one set redundant paper wallets and one copy wallets offline); case negligence any degree, the maximum liability the sum those values and fees that would otherwise generated, through reimbursement. (c) true flip white paper (ver token holders benefits once the token sale completed, the tfl token will available for trading cryptocurrency exchanges. the moment, negotiate the details with several exchanges and will announce the results soon the agreements are reached. tfl token allows its owners participate special quarterly game held only among the tfl token holders. its prize fund formed payments from each sold ticket the following manner: payments are assigned the fund daily after each draw; the token owners game held times year; the amount funds assigned the fund (within income) determined the token holders voting; the owners the tokens are notified advance the date the game; participate the game, tfl token holders must verify their ownership through smart contract; tfl club prize fund will formed accordance with the following proportion: tfl club prize fund verified tokens histogram the potential token holders game winnings relative the value the purchased tokens, depending the market share: marketshare potential holders winnings relative tfl tokentoken dividend yield,game btc the value the purchased tokens, btc (c) true flip white paper (ver token holders benefits according the basic forecast, the initial stage true flip can seize the global online lotteries market (or the world online gambling market), which corresponds daily turnover within the system btc. this case, the potential token holders game winnings relative the value the purchased tokens will approximately .-.% per year btc, depending the share the ticket sales revenue assigned for the token holders game. according the optimistic forecast, the initial stage true flip can seize the global online lotteries market, which corresponds daily turnover within the system btc. this case, the potential token holders game winnings relative the value the purchased tokens will approximately .-.% per year btc, depending the share the ticket sales revenue assigned for the token holders game. from our point view, both calculations are very conservative and not take into account the growth potential the whole market general, and the potential the true flip platform for further expansion. sensitivity analysis the potential token holders game winnings relative the value the purchased tokens the average number tickets sold and the share income assigned for the token holders game: allocated for the token holders game share the ticket sales revenue average annual number tickets sold per day (c) true flip white paper (ver token holders benefits token owners will able track the amount funds transferred the token holders game fund with help our website tool token holder panel: every tfl token holder has personal panel with all data proven blockchain transactions: tfl token amount; value tokens; tfl tokens out all tokens; winnings the token holder game; all users transactions (buy tickets, withdraw winnings). (c) true flip white paper (ver token technical aspects the true flip platform implements various feedback types according the result operation performed the system. human involvement required. the purchase betting tickets the most frequent operation the system and any financial movement the platform executed bitcoin regardless the form payment initially used. however, you can not confuse the financial system with the token implemented the platform. the token allows its owner become partner the world's largest blockchain-based lottery. trueflip token (erc- compatible) trueflip team funds the token holder game (eth) token holder game smart contract after finishing the token holder game period request for tfl tokens and winnings. transfers winnings allow participate (add white list) verify tokens tfl token holder website votes token smart contract functionality tfl token erc--compatible smart contract ethereum blockchain. following this standard means that tokens will easily transferable between users using existing ethereum wallets well allow exchanges smoothly integrate this token into their trading platform. tfl token will used verify. (c) true flip white paper (ver token technical aspects token sale technical aspects trueflip token sale will use ethereum blockchain. the structure the sale presented the picture. during the crowdsale there will two ways buy tfl tokens: first one sending ether directly the token sale contract. people want participate the token sale using other cryptocurrencies like bitcoin, litecoin waves, they would need send their money the founders the dashboard, and trueflip backend will create transaction issue new tokens. after that, both scenarios, token sale contract will make 'contract call' the tfl token contract mint new tokens and allocate them public address contributor. token sale contract the only entity that will able mint tokens. after the end date the token sale once all the tokens are sold, trueflip founders will issue transaction that will finalize the token sale. this will trigger minting the tokens for the team and prevent future tokens from minting the tfl token contract. token sale contributor .buy tokens btc/ltc/eth/dash .buy tokens eth transfer eth transactions issue tokens token sale contract trueflip multisig mint token mint founders token tfl token contract trueflip founders finalize token sale during token sale after token sale finishes (c) true flip white paper (ver token technical aspects voting with tokens order reduce the risks for our supporters and for optimal further development the trueflip project, have developed voting system key issues that will arise the project develops. any owner the tfl tokens will able send their offer the trueflip team using special form the website. the basic voting rules with tfl tokens: voting considered held there quorum; one tfl token equals one vote; only verified tokens can participate voting; only two options will available for voting: yes no; for each issue the voting agenda, time frame for the beginning and the end the voting period will provided; decision each item the voting agenda made simple majority votes. voting the token owners considered eligible (i.e. has necessary quorum) only the number the tfl tokens that took part the process more than the issued tfl tokens. there was quorum, new terms for re-voting the same issues will announced. the same time, the second vote the tokens owners, will considered eligible (that is, has the necessary quorum) the number the tfl tokens that took part the process more than the issued tfl tokens. proposals with text descriptions will created separate contracts ethereum blockchain. the dashboard, token holders will able associate their address with their decision particular proposal. once the voting deadline has passed, the contract will calculate the sum tokens addresses for decision well number tokens against this proposal. once all the votes are considered, the contract will save the results the voting process, and will stay forever the ethereum blockchain. lottery transparency the lottery happens every day. the winning ticket picked based the hash the first block the bitcoin blockchain after utc. will not possible buy ticket after utc each day. verify that there were ticket purchases after that time all ticket sales will logged the lottery ethereum contract. logging every single purchase separately will quite expensive. therefore, save the transaction costs, trueflip backend will calculate the hash each sold ticket and then compute root hash merkle tree for all transactions (similar the way done for transactions bitcoin blocks). this root hash will published the ethereum blockchain along with other information about the current lottery. each separate transaction will still available through the trueflip platform: information about each transaction should have the tx_hash, ticket numbers. after the winning numbers are calculated, trueflip backend server will log them the same contract. everyone can verify the numbers, well all payouts the ethereum blockchain and make sure there cheating the platform. (c) true flip white paper (ver lottery features test period during the first months after the token sale the jackpot will limited btc order test all the algorithms the system and prevent potential loss the whole funds due fraudulent actions. soon the platform audited safe, the remainder the sum will added. jackpot: increase and release there are two jackpots the true flip lottery. initially, they are created the expense funds raised during the token sale: the total funds allocated the jackpot, which assigned the jackpot no. and the remaining the jackpot no. jackpot number reserve case winning the jackpot number not refilled revenue from the sale lottery tickets. jackpot number the main, played daily and increased selling lottery tickets. the jackpot not raffled the current draw, then the funds from the current jackpot are going increase the next. thus, the jackpot growing constantly until the moment when someone wins it. the platform keeps archive draws with the whole history and jackpot amounts for each raffle. case winning jackpot jackpot number becomes the main one. the same time, new reserve jackpot created. revenues from the lottery tickets sales are distributed ratio the main and reserve jackpot correspondingly. calculation the mathematics the lottery was developed felix sidokhin. the process determination the winning set has stages: ticket sale for the current run ends minutes before p.m. (utc); p.m. (utc), the first hash transactions accessible for everybody blockchain.info taken and this hash cannot previously predicted; this hash incorporated into the algorithm that forms numbers based the arithmetic action. the source code the algorithm open and anybody can check and repeat calculations. true flip platform algorithm clear and very comprehensible, and possible understand how winning combination generated following the simple steps below: step after the draw closes, the system waits for the next hash the blockchain step suppose this the hash received the system: ccafcedddeacabf (c) true flip white paper (ver lottery features step this hash then broken into sequences (four) characters, starting from the tail, and trans- formed into number using nhex base caf ddd step the found number then divided module (or the last iteration) and the remainder taken one the balls: mod (hence the first ball step the system repeats this iteration times and discards numbers which are already the set (for the golden ball simply use mod instead mod case doubts just out curiosity, the algorithm can tested trueflip website http://trueflip.io/check-honesty?lang=en. methods depositing true flip platform also incorporates multiple payment methods, every user has chance play the game. true flip wants international company and its founders realize that not every person has bitcoins, they decided add multiple payment processors the payment method the hopes increase the number people playing. aside from bitcoin, these payment methods include ether, litecoins, dash and other cryptocurrencies. since true flip just entered its beta-testing phase, the number available currencies limited. however, trueflip's dedicated development team working in-house exchange work with wide range tradable cryptocurrencies (altcoins). payouts winning benefiting from the bitcoin network features, when ticket wins, the amount instantly transferred the users wallets under their accounts. further, users may: send bitcoins their personal wallets any other system and convert bitcoins any currency their choosing; use true flip account for any bitcoin expenses (the address your true flip wallet the same any other system). (c) true flip white paper (ver further development roadmap: introducing new lotteries (takes place every min) you need guess numbers out and out win the super prize bet and winnings table: you have guessed numbers the first field (-) you have guessed numbers the second field (-) super prize (min btc) bet second field (ticket price btc) bets second field (ticket price btc) bets second field (ticket price btc) bets second field (ticket price btc) super prize! super prize! btc super prize! btc super prize! btc ticket price option increase winnings multiplying bet (take place every min) try guess out number. you will win super prize you succeed with numbers none your numbers you have choosen didn't get the draw! bet and winnings table: you guessed super prize! (min btc) btc. btc. btc. btc. option increase winnings multiplying bet (c) true flip white paper (ver further development roadmap: introducing new lotteries flip flop instant lottery, which person erases tickets every step (depends difficulty level) and, case luck, can either move fix profit. prize step btc. btc. btc. btc. btc. btc. btc. btc. btc. btc. bet btc. bet can muliplied times (c) true flip white paper (ver the project team our team international: canada, russia, brazil, china, japan and other countries. have great experience product development (more than years). core developers are well experienced blockchain. also are working engage some well-known community members our advisory board and escrow holders keeping the token sale funds. right now are redesigning our token sale page and will publish more info about team members: who are and what we've already achieved. management nikita parhomenko coo true flip nikita parkhomenko coo true flip. previously, was ceo the pikes inc. company, engaged the software development for large pharmaceutical companies. before that was the head the large online retail companies like piluli.ru and eapteka.ru (top online pharmaceutical market). has experience creating startups since graduated from the higher school economics daniil andrianov cfo true flip daniil held executive positions companies such partmedia agency and part group. was the head the innovation center the university bauman. graduated from british higher school design. (c) true flip white paper (ver the project team developers felix sidokhin lead developer felix sidokhin the founder and developer quantace inc., which develops algorithmic trading systems exchanges. graduated with master's degree mathematics from concordia university. nikita ivanov lead developer specializes working with web-interface. was the head the department cio kidstore.ru oleg skorbatyuk specialist infrastructure oleg skorbatyuk has been developing systems since specializes working with sql, sharepoint, php. worked such companies lizar soft, web format llc and finport technologies inc. graduated from kiev national taras shevchenko university. vladimir feoktistov specialist infrastructure (c) true flip white paper (ver the project team marketing konstantin katsev marketing/ir konstantin katsev co-founder and specialist marketing and project promotion. successfully implemented the minex.io project which was co-founder. project advisors eric benz ceo cryptopay founder and ceo the popular service cryptopay.me. developed and implemented improved bitcoin-wallet, which allows easily exchange bitcoins fiat money. george basiladze founder cryptopay experienced professional with pe/vc and corporate finance background, passionate starting new ventures act adviser for founders regarding strategy, business modeling, valuation, fundraising. pavel kinchikov deputy group ceo media instinct group, stockholm school economics jason cassidy vice chairman the board blockchain association canada builder networks, curator knowledge and most importantly, emissary happiness. jon matonis founding director bitcoin foundation. ceo hushmail. startup team rsa's verisign. (c) true flip white paper (ver privacy privacy utmost importance for blockchain and bitcoin communities, and couldn't different trueflip platform. recognize the significance protecting information which stored intended stored our system. don't store any kind information which relates individual, that any information relating identified identifiable natural person, sometimes called data subject, and have made privacy protection and confidentiality fundamental component our business model. our "privacy policy" informs the ways ensure privacy and the confidentiality personal data and, even more, the anonymity our users. are always compliance with applicable privacy laws the countries which operate. privacy policies also describes the information gather, how may use those data and the circumstances under which may disclose such information third parties. (c) true flip white paper (ver conclusion this document presents great part the technological and marketing strategies planned and adopted with the objective perfecting and maintaining the continuous development trueflip platform. the extensive use both blockchain technologies brings about unique features the system presented herein, catapulting trueflip lottery whole new level reliability and process management. due the available level automation and reliability this platform great opportunity for those who believe the advances brought about the technology that underlies this project, and those who have decided join trueflip during its early stages (pre-token sale and token sale). references https://bitcoin.org https://github.com/trueflip/prizecounter http://trueflip.io/?lang=en http://token.trueflip.io https://trueflip.io/info/privacy-policy?lang=en (c) true flip white paper (ver www.trueflip.io