trusttoken (tru) march produced picolo research trusttoken (tru) buy tokenizing real world assets create fully collateralized fractional ownership summary the trusttoken platform aims protocol tokenize and transact realworld assets blockchains legally enforceable, fully accounted and collateralized way. specifically, proprietary legal and technical framework utilized tokenize various real-world currencies and assets. potential areas that can tokenized are assets such real estate, patents, media, copyrights, sports teams, collectible art, and commodities like gold and oil. concept mvp established company overview trusttoken company based the united states that provides the technology and maintains the trusttoken platform and its underlying stable coins. the trusttoken platform broken into following components: smarttrust legal contract that designates the asset ownership and custody smart contract blockchain trustmarket marketplace where "clients can hire fiduciaries who interface with legal-financial institutions and are legally bound manage assets instructed the smart contracts." trustprotocol "protocol specifications that specify how smart contracts can direct fiduciaries" trustvault decentralized storage system that auditable trusttoken "platform's incentive layer reward trustworthy behavior, create audit trail, and collateralize property" token sale there have been very few details released regarding the tokenomics and dealstructure trusttoken. the company indicates that the public sale will capped ~$m, however this point time, don't have complete clarification regarding the max cap for the private sale/institutional round. the management team conveyed the following splits picolo analysts. token sale split crowd march trust labs www.picoloresearch.com foundation general ticker: tru white paper: tba sale period: april website: click here sale info pricing: accepted: eth min goal: cap: public escrow: smart contract bonus: tba checklist management: product: commercial: interest: fulfilment: commercial technical strategy already having made considerable progress into establishing their platform, such collaborating with financial regulators, trust companies, and banks secure the backing trueusd, its first stable token, the commercial strategy going forward gain even more partnerships and adoption. one the largest blockchain hedge funds (blocktower capital) has already publicly supported the platform and said they would utilize it. roadmap trusttoken has already completed significant amount work date. complete smarttrust platform, smarttrust platform launch, start development for trustprotocol establish partnerships with banks and exchanges, continue develop trustprotocol, pre-sale fundraising for trusttoken protocol (which trueusd built top of) launch support for wire transfer purchases/redemptions, deploy trueusd smart contract, launch trueusd for traders and institutions (alpha) launch trueusd beta for public token use trusttokens are integral the protocol the: incentive mechanism reward positive and trustworthy behavior, which vital when dealing with asset whose value backed true asset. audit trail for transparency and trust among token holders and potential investors collateralizing mechanism for the underlying property use proceeds while complete breakdown anticipated expenditure has not yet been provided, analysis the materials provided the team has indicated that the vast majority funding will towards operation expenses (opex), development and legal services. token sale split opex development legal march www.picoloresearch.com team the trusttoken team people) filled with pedigreed members coming from stanford university, google brain, palantir technologies. the most important technical function the company, the cto, has strong background machine learning and deeply immersed the stanford m.i.t community, founding hacksphere, which brings those engineers together. note some them below: rafael cosman cto trusttoken. has machine learning background (google brain and palantir) and founder hacksphere, private community stanford and m.i.t engineers. stephen kade cofounder trusttoken. previously researcher kernel and co-founder neurotechx daniel ceo trusttoken. daniel has and data science background and has some experience managing developers pwc. partners advisors there total advisors listed currently including marquee names such as: blocktower capital: crypto hedge fund that has already verbally committed using one trust token's stable coins (tusd) stanford's startx fund: reputable accelerator program founders fund: technology-focused venture capital and funding cohen co: top accounting firm with cryptocurrency expertise importantly, trusttoken enlists the use various trusts back their stablecoin. notable importance, sterling trustees, based out south dakota, the united state's most progressive trust jurisdiction and has numerous legal and tax benefits. march strengths trusttoken has already released their first token known stablecoin (trueusd tusd). the token already listed bittrex and commands higher average volume than maker's dai. trusttoken has already released its first token trueusd (tusd) stable coin collateralized dollars. the legal and technical framework regards custody ownership the assets and legal contracts very strong, completely the opposite tether where there technical legal recourse they misappropriate funds. the team has already made significant traction regards adoption with hedge funds and active market makers seemingly anxious use the platform, least for trueusd. deal structure the offer compelling. the hard-cap relatively low for ambitious project this size. the team has sufficient experience from both commercial and technical perspective. institutional support from key players including hedge funds shows that there significant demand for such solutions. weaknesses the trusttokens are currently considered securities they are treated "pre-functional" the sec. per our understanding, trusttoken working with top law firms make sure there necessary utility. there are scalability concerns adoption continues for larger amounts assets. the market currently dominated usdt (tether). while tether has experienced numerous setbacks recently, still considered the largest competitor. trusttoken partners with trust companies hold the funds underlying the trueusd tokens. theoretically, trusttoken has access the funds themselves, yet they have the ability block any redemption any truecoin should people not meet kyc/aml requirements. march www.picoloresearch.com opportunities more institutional investors the space enter, they all have significant interest using trueusd store value between trades. this gives trusttoken first mover advantage the moment the trueusd product the most transparent the market. usdt daily volume average trading usdt has surpassed over $billion per day since february usdt volume $.b $.b $.b feb aug feb trusttokens refer common metric used called 'liquidity premium.' this assumes that those assets which have liquidity including active owners and bid/ask spreads will generally command premium %-%. with over trillion illiquid assets potentially the verge being offered 'fractional investment,' this creates unparalleled opportunity for growth. threats scaling has been issue for most stablecoins, hence the markets continued use tether. while volume already exceeding per day for trusttokens stable coin (tusd), will need able handle significantly more become the coin choice for traders and investors alike. march conclusion are very attracted trusttoken and the entire ecosystem they are building. with potential trillion assets that can tokenized, the 'liquidity premium' that trusttoken briefly highlights will major driver growth and adoption for such fractional ownership. for the reasons listed below, picolo research maintains buy rating: comparison others the ecosystem, trusttoken established company with some segments its roadmap already operational (tusd) the market opportunity for creating fractional ownership real-world assets this scale significant the core team comes from highly technical background. believe they have considerable bandwidth execute their roadmap the recent launch tusd bittrex reassuring sign that the company focusing not only development but also puts high importance market engagement and penetration acknowledge that there are still currently gaps the information that communicated the official whitepaper. are advised the team that clarification some the key points will publicly distributed the short term along with further details regarding the public sale. light the preceding, believe that trusttoken (tru) long-term buy for those seeking exposure innovative protocol that could one day used scale. march www.picoloresearch.com disclaimer this report has been compiled picolo research. picolo research independent provider research cryptocurrency ico's. have not been paid, nor mandated for this research report. the views expressed within this report are picolo's its entirety. the contents this report and its attached documents have been prepared without taking account your objectives, financial situation needs. because that you should, before taking any action acquire deal in, follow recommendation (if any) respect any the financial products information mentioned downloaded from through this website, consult your own investment advisor consider whether appropriate having regard your own objectives, financial situation and needs. whilst picolo believes the information contained this report based information which considered reliable, its accuracy and completeness are not guaranteed and warranty accuracy reliability given implied and responsibility for any loss damage arising any way for any representation, act omission accepted picolo any officer, agent employee picolo its related entities. picolo all times reserves the right any time vary, without notice, the range services offered picolo and its subsidiaries, and the terms under which such services are offered. the information this report may have been used astronaut capital (www.astronaut.capital) making investment decision. the information within this report our own opinion only and not used making decision for investment. contact www.picoloresearch.com admin@picoloresearch.com claymore hill, singapore march www.picoloresearch.com