truegame s.r.l. registration #-- the national register costa rica costa rica, san jose, santa ana, metros norte restaurante ceviche del rey white paper first all, thank you for your consideration! will the price bitcoin grow fall one knows. but i'm sure there nothing better than real industry behind the blockchain. successful projects the industry will benefit people and today happy introduce truegame project you. last year presented fully working project the public. truegame received positive feedback from professional community. are not even the first, but the only one the few who presented working smart contract blockchain based project with unique scalable architecture. are progressing consistently: didn't conduct token sale the hype the year but instead developed product, collected feedback and improved the platform. dmitry danilov ceo truegame now when see the usefulness tgame token, are ready for market expansion, that's why team consists high-level development specialists and strong marketing professionals with large expertise user acquisition, email marketing, traffic attraction and promotion. and only now after year realization can offer tgame token you. tgame token utility token used for playing games truegame platform. choose projects from the real blockchain industry! true game www.truegame.io content content introduction igaming market problems and solutions platform how the platform works. prng algorithm key benefits the platform. why us? comparison truegame and other market players token sale security token function and funds distribution financial model and business plan marketing strategy roadmap advisors team risks conclusion disclaimer references follow and contact social media introduction introduction throughout history, people have been attracted games chance. every day millions people around the world play lottery games, take part prize draws, spend time poker rooms play slot machines. many these games are now played online. the market igaming growing rapidly every year. the volume gaming industry global market was about usd billion, and the year forecasted analytics become usd billion. the annual growth the market for the years expected grow []. however, there has always been serious issue trust the igaming industry. not only concerns the trust players each other, but also the trust they have casino managers. the issue trust very important online gaming industry. players can't verify the integrity game lottery, and they can't sure the honesty the organizers []. with the development blockchain technology, the world igaming can undergo strong changes. blockchain enables transfer winnings, generate random numbers, isolate draws from any manipulation, therefore brings full transparency and reliability the gaming process. igaming perhaps one the few areas where all the advantages blockchain solutions can fully disclosed decentralization, transparency, low transaction costs and high data quality. the idea combining blockchain and igaming lies the heart our platform. truegame solves the above issues trust through its innovative use blockchain technology and smart contracts. developed the infrastructure the basis blockchain ethereum and launched fully working platform, which already has more than games and users are actively playing them. prizes, lotteries and several types scratchcards are available the platform. all games are completely transparent and are based proven rng algorithm. true game www.truegame.io introduction truegame offers number the following benefits the players: absolute integrity prize drawings: ensured the use completely open blockchain technology. one can verify game results any time blockchain open registry. this information cannot manipulated. fair chances each player: the game based totally random combinations received from blockchain. they are secured and cannot manipulated. the winnings are dependent only the fortune and mathematical probability. fair distribution the winnings: the winnings are not distributed the casino manager. blockchain automatically sends the winning immediately has determined the winner, strictly accordance with the rules the game. fully integrated platform: have developed platform architecture which allows quickly implement any game smart contracts, add payment system, third-party service, etc. there are also other benefits as: advanced privacy, ssl security, instant withdrawals, etc. are continuously updating our games collection, and each game based secure and open sources. one the advantages our platform its flexibility and mobility, allows quickly implement new games plan launch such games dice, giftbox, smart roulette and many more []. understand the importance ensuring full transparency, that any player can aware the reliability and honesty our algorithms. therefore, place the code all smart contracts github []. introduction advantages for token buyers: absolute transparency absolute transparency and independence are the basics our solution and blockchain technology. the results each game are verifiable the blockchain open registry and cannot manipulated. fair chances each player the game based totally random combinations received from blockchain. these are secure and cannot manipulated. your winnings are dependent only fortune and mathematical probability. fair distribution winnings the winnings are distributed the blockchain network, not the casino manager, strictly accordance with the rules the game. case token crowdsale does not collect softcap, all the transfers are returned; truegame the working smart contract based igaming project ever coming token crowdsale, which collected positive feedback from professional community []; are considering opportunity obtaining license curacao and malta gaming license that will give more opportunities for project development.* the final decision the issue refusal issue license taken the regulator. truegame.io the fully integrated igaming project come token crowdsale. are prepared for the launch marketing campaign and the multi-channel attraction the players. true game www.truegame.io igaming market igaming market the global online igaming market was usd billion and estimated reach usd billion compound annual growth rate (cagr) []. the global mobile igaming market forecasted grow more rapidly, cagr during the period []. global online igaming market (u.s. billion dollars) figure global online igaming market from with forecasted figures sources: statista.com, www. businesswire.com, www. mobyaffiliates.com/blog/-global-gaming-gambling-markets-overview/ the overall online igaming and betting market normally segmented the basis types, platform, device used geographic regions. the basis types, the market segmented into online casino games (bingo, slots, roulette, keno etc.), card games (poker, blackjack, baccarat etc.), online sports betting, fantasy sports, lotteries and social gaming. sports betting held the largest portion the global online igaming industry with market share percent []. online lotteries held around the global online igaming revenues []. igaming market based the type platform, the market segmented into web-based online igaming/betting and downloadable online igaming/betting. based the type the device used player, the market divided into desktop and mobile segments. the desktop segment includes pcs and laptops. this segment accounted for the majority market share during and will continue the largest segment terms shares. online igaming legalized more than countries across the world. the basis geographic regions, the market classified into europe, asia and middle east, usa and the rest the world. global online igaming market segmentation the basis geographic regions europe asia and middle east usa rest the world figure online igaming market segmentation the basis geographic regions (according the estimated market size each region sources: statista.com let put some interesting facts about online gaming. online lotteries are encouraged china []. the singapore government exempted two online igaming service providers called turf club and singapore pools from remote igaming act september []. asian and middle eastern market size estimated billion u.s. dollars []. europe has the largest online igaming market the world with market size billion u.s. dollars [], and this just going increase netherlands adopts new online igaming regulations. the region home the highest number online igaming operators with minimal regulations compared other regions. subsequently, europe set remain the dominant market for online igaming and betting throughout []. the plays key role the european market, followed malta. true game www.truegame.io igaming market the sources online igaming revenues europe sports betting online poker online casinos other figure online igaming revenues europe. sources: statista.com the global online igaming market characterized the important drivers increased interest among the younger presence several vendors competing gain market population: while the average age land-based casino dominance. key vendors this market are holdings, visitor years, the average age online gambler bet-at-home.com, gvc holdings, ladbrokes coral group, years and mobile gambler years []. seems mgm resorts, unibet group. other prominent vendors evident that the mobile igaming industry successfully the market include betsson, camelot group, genting attracting the younger population. this should lead the uk, netent, paddy power, playtech, rank group, the stars market growth the future. group, and william hill []. another major driver blockchain technology spite high growth, the global online igaming market implementation that can change the industry dramatically, still facing some challenges. some the major challenges mainly through delivering new level transparency the faced the industry are: lack suitable software handling, online gaming. blockchain technologies and smart contracts cyber security issues and stringent government regulations play vital role determining the independence number among with security issues and high tax rates generation and ensure the rules are enforced []. they also boost customer's confidence and interest. online the same time, the global online igaming market casino that can operate automated, transparent and supported various growth drivers such growth secure manner has the ability earn instant credibility mobile igaming, availability high-speed internet services, from the igaming community, and nowadays many new rising ownership gadgets (such mobile, laptops, tablets), and existing casino organizations are concentrating their market consolidation and technological advancement, efforts smart contract igaming []. growing number online women gamblers. one the problems and solutions problems and solutions problem: player's mistrust the casino manager. most cases with online casino, the player does not have chance check the randomness determining the winner []. generating random numbers not transparent, and even case certified algorithms, player can not sure trustworthiness party that monitors the game. solution: truegame solves this problem using blockchain and smart contracts technologies. our algorithms for generating random numbers are available github and can checked anyone. generation random numbers and distribution winnings happens not our servers, but autonomous environment blockchain therefore, neither side can intervene this process. problem: most the websites igaming industry can not provide sufficient transparency the user ensure the player's complete confidence the integrity site managers. the player can not see how many people actually took part particular game, which them won and what the amount the winning []. solution: our platform presents completely transparent system all transactions are stored blockchain. they can not changed deleted. anyone can check and see the progress all our drawings independent platform (for example etherscan) his computer which the corresponding environment blockchain deployed. problem: the player can not check the paying capacity casino operator. the user can not sure whether the casino management has funds for payments, and whether the promised jackpot can actually provided. solution: truegame provides full transparency all the accumulated tokens are consolidated smart contract. anyone can look the size jackpot independent platform, ensuring our ability pay the winnings. true game www.truegame.io problems and solutions problem: security. overwhelming number online resources subject attacks hackers []. whatever protection measures are taken the owner's site the risk hacking always remains. case traditional online casinos when their site compromised, the attacker able fully manage the draws and access the jackpot. solution: truegame decentralized application (dapp). our website compromised, the attacker will not able influence the process the draws gain access the jackpot. our site only interface the infrastructure that created the environment blockchain. drawings, storage and distribution the jackpot are managed smart contract that executed decentralized environment. platform platform note: all bets the platform are carried out with tgame tokens, indicating the rates dollars made for convenience. unlike most the projects that were before us, developed and launched platform based our infrastructure. our architecture allows develop and run games. some them have already been launched and are available for playing. other games will launched implement our roadmap []. truegame now working igaming platform. have different games, well shopping cart, due which the player can participate several drawings once, buy online tickets goods the online store platform the following games are already running the platform: prize draws note: all bets the platform are carried out with tgame tokens, indicating the rates dollars made for convenience. drawings prizes are realized similarly igaming auction. the player chooses valuable prize for himself and makes one small bet. all bets the platform are carried out with tgame tokens only. for convenience users possible display the size the bet preferred currency. after the number bets required for the lottery (product cost house edge) collected, the random number algorithm selects one winning bet and determines the winner. the winner receives amount tgame tokens equivalent the prize value his balance, and wishes, can order prize delivery his address this case the amount will debited from his balance. this type game truly unique and contributes the high involvement players who are willing make large number bets win prize. scratchcards this version instant lottery unique among igaming games based blockchain. this analogue well-known scratchcards available online. this game helps bringing revenue the platform due its dynamic nature and low ticket price. the average, one participant plays games per game session. have already implemented the following scratchcards: crypto scratch-off, crypto space battle, good luck meme, old school scratch-off, code scratchoff, crypto legends, and are constantly updating our collection. true game www.truegame.io platform blockchain lotteries realized and launched analog traditional and widely known european igaming market lottery also developed two our own lotteries called crypto millions and blockchain ball with large jackpot they will launched immediately after the end the token sale and replenishment jackpot fund. note: all bets the platform are carried out with tgame tokens, indicating the rates dollars made for convenience. also analyzed popular games, thoroughly studied the feedback and comments left our users. based this analysis, have drawn plan for launching games for the constant launch new games will allow keep the player's attention longer, and thereby increase ltv index. are planning launch the following games: card lottery, gift box, dices, smart roulette, slot games, craps, keno, bingo, lotto mechanical draw machine based smart contracts and many others. for more details, see our roadmap. house edge between and can not only vary from game game, but can also depend transaction costs which can vary, too. ticket price (bet) distribution: ticket (bet) price jackpots prize pool operating expenses and transaction costs how the platform works how the platform works. prng algorithm scheme player's interaction with smart contract: deposit winnings smart contract withdraw player balance (tokens) prng algorithm provides random numbers lottery smartcontract prizes smartcontract ticket price jackpot prize pool true game scratchcards smartcontract other games smartcontract ticket price house edge www.truegame.io how the platform works for all the draws, our utility token tgame used, through which all the interaction with the player's personal balance conducted. each game based separate smart contract, and the code for each them available github []. the winning accumulated tgame tokens and stored separate ethereum account managed smart contracts. the case winning, its equivalent tgame tokens automatically transferred the player's balance and becomes available for the withdrawal (in tgame tokens only). offer two ways player's interaction with our smart contracts: work through personal account. with this method, tgame tokens the player's balance are controlled our ethereum node, and the player does not need use special software and have any skills working with blockchain; the second way direct interaction with smart contracts through the ethereum wallet, for example, using the metamask wallet. the player himself sends bets (in tgame tokens only) the wallet and interacts with the methods smart contracts. this option still beta mode; regardless the chosen method, the player full participant our games, and also participates the common pool draws, claiming the jackpot. all the drawings are conducted based the algorithm for generating random numbers. random number means taking hash from join concatenating the last four hashes the ethereum blocks with the hash the previous iteration the given algorithm. all games, except instant, occur two stages the accumulation bets and start the draw itself. this makes impossible any manipulations with the algorithm, because the hacker has way predicting what particular moment random number generation will occur. the moment, the core our system ethereum based dapp developed us. ethereum meets our requirements and allows provide both successful user experience for the player and income for the platform. the same time, the ethereum network not sufficiently optimal, our specialists are constantly studying new technologies that would improve the game process and reduce transaction costs. key benefits the platform. why us? key benefits the platform. why us? key benefit: unlike many other areas, blockchain technology ideal for using the field igaming and solves most the existing problems the igaming industry. there are active users playing our website already. now several hundreds playing users are registered our platform; truegame the only blockchain based igaming project that firstly developed working product, collected feedback from professional community, improved the product, and prepared marketing strategy attract players. and only now the project ready reach wide audience; our product completely ready, and are focused improving and developing the project, not initial development and solutions finding; unique content one the key factors for the success online casinos, since most them look the same and differ only color. have done lot work develop our own architecture, unique content and design, make adaptive for most mobile devices. not use white label solutions others, instead created strong solutions development department our own; our platform fully integrated have developed unique architecture that allows quickly implement any game based smart contracts, add payment system, integrate third-party services and provide white label igaming solutions other market participants; truegame the project that went beyond the players the crypto industry and oriented huge audience classical igaming and lottery players; have strong development department; are the only ones who have ever implemented scratchcards based smart contracts: crypto scratch-off crypto space battle good luck meme old school scratch-off code scratch-off crypto legends only realized smart contract prize draws; are launched analog classical german lottery based smart contract; true game www.truegame.io key benefits the platform. why us? more smart contract based games are soon come: the analogues the popular lotteries blockchain ball lotto and euromillions crypro millions lotto with jackpot $,, (the equivalent this amount the tgame tokens). the final amount the jackpot depends many factors, and can significantly less. giftbox game guess which box has the prize smart roulette the roulette fully implemented smart contract according our roadmap, the end truegame plans release more than new games []; already have working mobile application available google play (alpha version). key indicators: high level project implementation small amount funds raised under the token crowdsale unique games unique flexible architecture great thoughtful roadmap specialists traffic attraction the team the project strong development department top e-mail marketing specialist the team the project the most complex stage the project (product development) has been already implemented, and are ready market expansion; all our games are completely transparent (open code available github []), the results almost can not manipulated, and the winning instantly sent the player balance the tgame tokens the smart contract itself; key benefits the platform. why us? the project registered jurisdiction costa rica with registration number #-- the national registry costa rica; benefits for the players: equal chances for each player. the game based random combinations obtained from blockchain system. they are safe and can not changed. the player's winning depends solely luck and mathematical probability; one hundred percent safety. blockchain technology uses new approach confidentiality. public registry does not contain any personal information, however, stores all available data about the game; the product very attractive for players, because has many advantages, such as: low transaction cost the absence minimum deposit amount for depositing via tgame tokens instant winnings payments clear chances winning low house edge percentage the house edge truegame lower than the most classic online casinos included smart contracts the games and can checked the players, and the probability winning indicated the game conditions and can also checked, since the smart contract code publicly available github []; the results the games, well the process the games can fully monitored where technically possible (for example, case lotteries) and one can see the fairness the games. true game www.truegame.io comparison truegame and other market players comparison truegame and other market players truegame the fully integrated platform for online igaming based smart contracts. hundreds users are already playing the world's first smart contract scratchcards, participating prize draws and lottos based the technology blockchain. lottoland both the fastest growing and the world's leading online lotto company. customers from across the world are able bet over different lottery products and win the same huge jackpots the underlying draw. funfair decentralized platform for the casino based ethereum, which unites casino operators, game developers, partners and players its open entertainment space. trueflip lottery platform based blockchain technology. smartbillions decentralized lottery managed ethereum smart contract. comparison truegame and other market players truegame lottoland funfair trueflip smartbillions decentralized centralized decentralized partly decentralized decentralized product readiness before the token crowdsale full n/a development stage mvp mvp curent readiness the product full full demo only lotteries only lottery balance deposit through tgame token all available methods demo eth only commissions low, included into house edge smart contract high, included into house edge not transparent token, via third party inconvenient paid client jackpot provision guaranteed smart contract winning payment deposit via fiat currency smart contract impossible verify, periodically checked regulators operator architecture transparency smart contract demo smart contract demo (planned, see roadmap) payment speed fast white label solutions payments large sums are very difficult demo low, paid client smart contract partly transparent, smart contract not guaranteed smart contract guaranteed smart contract website code smart contract big commissions third party, unreliable reasonable, commission immediately (planned, see roadmap) mobile app open source deposit via cryptocurrency fast integration new games multi game platform jurisdiction available (planned, see roadmap) white label costa rica, plan obtaining license group compa- group companies different nies different jurisdictions jurisdictions not fully realized +/via third party eth only costa rica, license jurisdiction not determined, license the comparison was conducted december can seen from the comparison table, truegame token has several significant advantages over other players the market. true game www.truegame.io token sale token sale tgame utility token released ethereum platform according erc standard. total number tokens released ,,. more tokens beyond this number will not released. tokens allocated for the team will hold for months with subsequent release not more than the total number team tokens per month. token name: tgame the number tokens issued: tgame total for sale: the total issue tokens tgame cryptocurrencies accepted: ethereum (eth), bitcoin (btc), litecoin (ltc) soft cap: eth hard cap: eth token sale will carried out three stages: private-sale, pre-sale, main sale private-sale: dates: hard cap private-sale: tgame minimum buying amount: eth pre-sale: date pre-sale stage date pre-sale stage date pre-sale stage minimum buying amount: eth bonus the pre-sale stage price main sale, eth tgame (bonus included) bonus the pre-sale stage price main sale, eth tgame (bonus included) bonus the pre-sale stage price main sale, eth tgame (bonus included) main sale: dates: price: eth tgame minimum buying amount: eth all the unsold tokens are burned. the crowdsale will performed accordance with token purchase agreement published and available your website https://ico.truegame.io participants crowdsale will have undergo the kyc procedure, there are restrictions for participants from number countries. stage date price eth bonus pre sale stage eth pre sale stage eth pre sale stage eth main sale eth security security are very attentive the security our platform. our infrastructure its core focused the security all interacting parties. smart contracts and billing management the environment blockchain provide security both the player and our platform. nevertheless, find extremely important have external security audit done independent specialists and contribute this every way. security audit: the moment are choosing company with good expertise the field internet security and high competence the field smart contracts security. this company will conduct independent audit our solutions. hackathon: plan run hackathon, which will awarded with valuable prize everyone who finds vulnerabilities our system points potential weaknesses the security our smart contracts. safety jackpot: the tgame tokens the platform required for jackpot payments will stored smart contracts that provide direct payment winnings. during the audits and hackathon, special attention will paid protecting these tgame tokens from unauthorized access through smart contract. the physical level, security enabled through the use number hardware wallets and multi signature wallets (we not disclose detail for security reasons). true game www.truegame.io token function and funds distribution token function and funds distribution tgame utility token the main component the architecture and economy truegame. token required make bets games, play games, deposit the gaming balance. total tgame tokens will issued and they will distributed follows: token sale advisors team bounty reserve crowdsale the reserve volume tokens frozen and will used raise additional funds for the development the project. the funds raised the process token sale will distributed follows: funds distribution development legal jackpot marketing since the initial stage product development completed, most the funds raised will distributed the jackpots for games and active multi-channel attraction players. also significant part allocated for legal support the project. financial model and business plan financial model and business plan have made basic financial forecasts depending the various budgets. therefore scenarios can described with the following assumptions: fiscal charges are not exactly determined the moment, they aren't considered for the net cash flow calculation; discount rate agreed per annum; the the total collected funds are transferred directly the jackpot; the house edge these forecasts are made the basis ticket sales. assume these forecasts that the total sales may vary from tickets per day tickets per day depending the total budget. for the scenario the marketing budget estimated relatively moderate, from thousand usd, for the scenario marketing and advertising costs estimated from thousand usd. for the and the most optimistic scenario forecast spend thousand usd. possible financial scenarios are described the table table financial scenarios depending the various budgets (in thousand usd) scenario scenario scenario budgets total sales total sales total sales estimated market share (estimated the total online igaming market apart from sports betting) net cash flow (at the end discounted net cash flow (at the end npv figures and calculations are given example. not guarantee the performance any the above scenarios true game www.truegame.io marketing strategy marketing strategy the presence experienced specialists the team will allow implement multi-channel marketing campaign attract players with low lead cost. when implementing the strategy, will rely the experience team members and their competence performance and email marketing, well leads generation for igaming projects. the main efforts will concentrated the markets the following areas: europe asia latam attraction users plan carried out through the following channels: display advertising our competence allows build internal media buying process for effective work with various advertising networks. plan attract low-cost leads through media advertising, creating high-conversion funnels through separate thematic landing pages. affiliate marketing using the accumulated experience and connections our partners and team members, will build partnerships with affiliate networks that will generate leads with the help their webmasters network. also will launch our internal affiliate program. email marketing the main purpose using email mailings our strategy increase the conversion rate other marketing channels. plan collect email addresses potential players using display advertising affiliate marketing and build email communication with users. marketing strategy social media marketing will deploy the company's representation and support not only facebook and twitter, but also such thematic communities as: bitcointalk.com (igaming section), askgamblers, onlinecasinoreports, igamingforums, casinomeister, casinolistings, etc. online strategy matrix multichannel attracting display advertising affiliate marketing social media marketing retain and build loyalty email marketing improvement the user experience retargeting campaigns transaction fee optimization subscription the games bonus for high rollers drive revenue sales funnel generation income web traffic stage lead generation stage lead balance stage involving the player stage user retention stage for marketing and players attraction will allocating the collected funds. true game www.truegame.io roadmap roadmap november start the project: goals definition, concept development, team formation december technical infrastructure creation:servers, ethereum node, development environment platform server-side logic development january design development february technical implementation interface design: adaptive layout, client-side logic development march development random number generator (rng) based blockchain and smart contract april smart contract based prize drawing development and its integration into platform may smart contract based scratchcard development and its integration into platform june smart contract based lotteries development (including lotto and their integration into platform july utility token integration into platform august september implementation ethereum based player's balance system integrated into platform smart contract tests, platform tests october the first working version platform november launch public version platform december website adjustments based feedback from bitcointalk professional community results the year fully working website has been developed. truegame the fully integrated platform for lotteries and games chance based smart contracts. roadmap roadmap january february march april may june difficult determine advance the duration execution each the items, therefore the timing the implementation the items can changed public release ethereum (ropsten) integration (tgame token deposits/withdrawals tests) platform audit (smart contracts audit, vulnerability scanning, security audit) utility token public announcement and its limited private sale pre sale mobile app google play (alpha version) token crowdsale referral partner program launch finalization multilingual user interface languages) main sale release crypto legends scratch-off game gift box game release blockchain ball lottery release crypto millions lottery release card lottery release extended billing system dice game release smart roulette game release slot games release rock paper scissors game release instant lotto duel release popular cryptocurrencies integration: litecoin, dash, dogecoin and others mobile app apple store (not guaranteed, because the decision about publishing made apple) skrill public release (in case obtaining the necessary permission from the regulator) note: december integration the payment system has been implemented but not yet activated for the players. neteller public release (in case obtaining the necessary permission from the regulator) note: december, integration the payment system has been implemented but not yet activated for the players. the tgame token listing exchanges (the listing terms are not guaranteed they are fully dependent the exchange) july august september october true game hilo arcade games craps bingo lotto keno lotto games subscription system lotto mechanical draw machine controlled smart contract hackathon (complex platform vulnerability testing) start the igaming vertical (card games with the casino): black jack the igaming vertical: stage (games between the players): poker room the igaming vertical: stage betting release the following games: pontoon baccarat chatroom www.truegame.io roadmap november december january year release the following games: start attracting classic online players the platform wheel fortune affilliate marketing (cpa) crystal ball multichannel advertising campaign pinball e-mail marketing crypto diamonds coin flip api for third party services (white label casino solution) annual report plans for the year are surely there, but will too presumptuous present them stages and months. the main planned stages are: multichannel marketing campaign increase customer base expansion the range games strengthening the igaming vertical advisors advisors mate tokay without question one bitcoin's bitcoin cash most active and vocal proponents. the chief operating officer bitcoin. com the graduated from the international business school budapest. after college, helped launch superior food supplement company. mate first heard about bitcoin late and began bitcoin mining mid- using custom-built asic miners. later founded the bitcoin news and review website called bitcoinist. his goal and passion mate tokay coo bitcoin.com make cryptocurrencies popular possible. also mate was advisor naga ico. arvind entrepreneur and angel investor who has previously cofounded several successful companies such whow games, luckyguys, blue terra ventures, gluck games, and anchor point marketing. the internet industry, primarily focuses online games (including igaming), blockchain-based businesses (as advisor and/or seed stage investor), and projects india, the middle east, and dach regions. apart from his own ventures, other companies where has held active arvind upadhyay role the past: microsoft, plinga, leroi marketing. co-founder coo gluck games andrew vastly experienced gaming professional who has spent more than decade managing communications, content and public relations for some the world's biggest operators, including the likes lottoland, betfred and the multigroup. andrew has created major above the line advertising campaigns, provided consultation relationships with the world's leading licensing bodies and acted the gatekeeper for all andrew clarke communications for the last organisations has worked for. ex-lottoland, head the multi group -year experience businessman and having worked executive corporation management, product development and, for the last years, advisor and consultant the gaming industry. eduardo has more than years experience online gaming, strategy planning, product and business development, implementation and restructuration gaming corporations, regulation making for in-person and online gaming via interactive channels. was ceo, general director and stockholder eduardo moraleshermo senior igaming business consultant ficom leisure true game gaming corporations several european countries and currently works advisor and consultant intelligent gaming company, and has participated more than projects. www.truegame.io advisors president blockchainexperts.io. full stack developer and entrepreneur. since the beginning involved "smart contract" design and implementation for ethereum using solidity. knowledgeable all aspects e-commerce website, back-end and front-end. co-founded bitjob and served advisor and core team member for projects like swarm.fund, paypie.com, mybit.io, socialx.network and auditchain.com bogdan fiedur strategic blockchain consultant esteban hedge fund manager the crypto asset space. prior this position was (tax) lawyer with baker mckenzie, with special focus the vat implications bitcoin, blockchain, e-commerce and igaming. first heard about bitcoin and started researching about the tax implications bitcoin (and blockchain technology). wrote several articles about vat and bitcoin (in combination with igaming), esteban van goor legal strategic consultant and became regular speaker tax and legal matters bitcoin and blockchain related conferences, amongst with the blockchain money, world blockchain forum and the igaming super show. also assisted with educating legislators about bitcoin and blockchain technology and provides guidance advisor with various tech (bitcoin/blockchain/ igaming related) start-up companies, relation their icos and other legal related matters. his ultimate goal get people aware the potential bitcoin and blockchain technology and help much can get this industry grow. his free time esteban likes travel and course read about crypto. co-founder esports.com. benjamin serial entrepreneur with over years experience establishing profitable businesses. his major areas expertise lay business development, fundraising, and entrepreneurship with focus internet businesses, gaming, property, and emerging technologies. currently privately doing angel investments, coaching well m&a consulting through his fockersperger ventures. benjamin fockersperger co-founder ceo esports.com advisors advisors robert experienced professional the sphere igaming, currently ceo gluck games and director gamevy. robert lenzhofer director gamevy, ceo gluck games team dmitry has more than years experience online sales with ottogroup.com one the world's largest online retailers. partnering with such online retailers otto, quelle, zalando, klingel, bonprix, suisses, co-owner catalogi.ru. long-term investments startups and commercial real estate. providing crm solutions. has extensive experience building online businesses and managing dmitry danilov distributed team. ceo experienced specialist worldwide performance marketing with years experience. the main competencies are leads generation for igaming resources, analytics. his company mediagiants the past few years has attracted more than leads for various companies the field igaming, mobile apps, mobile paid content and others. the overall advertising budget was more than $m. dmitry shchuvatov cmo true game www.truegame.io team affiliate marketing and email mailing specialist. due his experience attracting traffic and email marketing, already became the top webmaster attract traffic admitad the largest network. his targeted traffic was directly purchased such companies as: wildberries, aliexpress, lamoda, kupivip, yves rocher, quelle, otto, docdoc and others. denis snitserev head affiliate marketing liudmila has over years experience managing large client projects the spheres advertising, digital marketing and big business events organization for such companies dell emc, yit, directi (mumbai, india) and media price. liudmila varavina head communications entrepreneur heart and blockchain enthusiast with demonstrated history working the computer software industry. skilled python, vr/ar production, rust programming, ethereum, hmd design and machine learning. also, public speaker and previously developer evangelist for mozilla, blockstack blockchain powered internet) and international vr/ar association. his best projects include projects like self driving car, autonomous shivank shekhar blockchain developer drone, natmin coin (ico not yet done) and upcoming projects like cancer detection using machine learning. shivang also skilled web game developer and trainer. carmel said affiliate marketing consultant with years the online igaming industry, carmel said affiliate management consultant with demonstrated history experience the igaming and casino industry. specializing anything affiliate related, excels the setting new affiliate programs from scratch including software choice, technical integration and implementation, media and microsite setup, campaign planning, training staff and introduction key affiliates the whole process from start launch. carmel also strong media and communication professional, highly skilled customer acquisition, online poker, online igaming, vip, and casino gaming. amongst the companies carmel has collaborated with are sunderlands online, betsson, bet, club gold casino, betconstruct, vbet, gaming, galaxypig and staybet. team scientist-mathematician. worked developer algorithms epam systems. now the algorithms researcher harvard medical school. viktor petukhov algorithm developer tatiana high-class specialist working with crypto-exchanges, she has successful prior experience token listing (for example, the token revain project) tatiana munteanu project manager nikita spent more than years working finance for heineken. the moment working consultant long term partners consulting company based italy. nikita shchuvatov financial analyst mirlan professional web developer. his field competence includes php, javascript (es- +), angular and vue developer mirlan jelamanov full stack web developer true game www.truegame.io team founder http://delarius-mikamuro.com/ engaged front-end development for more than years, aleksei successfully manages team coders, programmers and designers, and there are more than successfully working projects his portfolio. aleksei seleznev front-end developer founder web-mosaica.art vadim grinchuk designer risks risks regulatory risks igaming industry the sphere igaming under the close attention the regulatory bodies, which constantly make changes and clarifications the existing regulatory documents. warn you that there risk that the project may not meet the new regulatory environment certain period time. risks external fraud scammers are extremely inventive online igaming, especially poker. hackers are constantly looking for weaknesses online igaming platforms. the open source algorithms smart contracts are also attacked, can not exclude the risk that our platform will also tried get hacked. risks the industry warn you that not guarantee that the project will receive profit sufficient for successful operations. the competition online igaming very high. regulatory risks blockchain industry the blockchain industry the initial stage regulation. governments countries are the process studying blockchain technology, and some countries impose restrictions (for example, the united states, china, south korea). there are legal documents regulating the crypto industry yet the laws will appear later and can significantly affect the activities blockchain projects, including our project. warn you that such laws can significantly limit and even stop the project activity, are not responsible for the negative consequences associated with the possible regulation the industry the future. financial risks contributions cryptocurrency projects big risk, and you can lose all your money. truegame tokens, like any other cryptocurrency, are subject strong fluctuations and may fall value signif cantly. are not responsible for any uctuations the value the token exchanges. not guarantee that there will opportunity exchange truegame tokens for fiat. governments can invent laws that will obligate paying taxes from truegame tokens. truegame tokens can used only play the truegame.io platform, they not grant you the right voting ownership truegame. truegame project does not guarantee any income, you can incur significant losses. true game www.truegame.io conclusion conclusion tried describe the truegame project, its strengths, features and advantages the most complete and detailed manner. the many advantages, conclusion, would highlight the following main ones: unique content one the key factors the success igaming products. all truegame gaming content unique, design and code developed the company itself exclusively truegame contractors. low house edge percentage. truegame the fully implemented smart contract based igaming project ever coming token crowdsale, which collected positive feedback from crypto and professional community. the following advantages the project were noted professionals the igaming industry: arvind upadhyay founder gluck games, exmicrosoft, plinga eduardo morales-hermo over years the igaming andrew clarke ex-lottoland, betfred, multilotto.com even the mainstream non-crypto truegame.io platform bright idea truegame's innovative platform ensures world, there are only handful combining smart contracts and igaming, complete transparency for players, with websites that provide complete offering which represents great futuristic the results each game verifiable lotto, scratchcards, instant wins, raffles, contribution the i-gaming, introducing the blockchain open registry and and more their customers. truegame innovative new concepts which are winnings automatically distributed. every the first introduce the complete novelty the industry through unique single game based totally random package all the above and more the smart contract-enabled platform. combinations that are secure and cannot blockchain and has very good chance truegame pioneering the use manipulated. believe truegame's become the central hub blockchain- smart contracts games like lotteries, pioneering new platform about change based gaming. dice and scratch-cards. the way people gamble online forever. disclaimer disclaimer the ownership truegame tokens (tgame) does not represent any participation truegame capital nor any rights payment, remuneration, profit distribution money reward any kind. this whitepaper has been prepared good faith provide comprehensive overview the truegame project and tgame token crowdsale and for information purposes only. with the development truegame platform and its services, may amended the following, the crowdsale progresses. please also note that the truegame project itself may redesigned/reshaped future, that would required for any material reasons (including, but not limited to: commercial considerations, technical possibilities, the need ensure compliance with any (existing future) applicable laws and regulations, any other material reasons). tgame tokens are not intended constitute securities any jurisdiction. this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investments securities any jurisdiction. the contents this whitepaper are not financial promotion. therefore, none the contents this whitepaper serves invitation inducement engage any sort investment activity. for participation this token crowdsale, not contribute any money that you can't afford lose. make sure you read and understand this whitepaper and terms and conditions for participating the truegame token sale (including all warnings regarding possible token value, technical, regulatory and any other risks; well all disclaimers contained therein), published our website https://ico. truegame.io/ (and they may amended from time time). for any questions regarding token crowdsale truegame services please contact via e-mail address support@truegame.io. true game www.truegame.io references references global mobile igaming market source: https://www. researchandmarkets.com/reports//global-mobile-gamblingmarket-- golder, scott, donath, judith. "hiding and revealing online poker games". source: http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download? doi=....&rep=rep&type=pdf truegame roadmap. source: https://ico.truegame.io/docs/ roadmap.pdf truegame github. source: https://github.com/truegame feedback from professional community bitcointalk. source: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic= global online igaming market type, device, region market size, demand forecasts, industry trends and updates (-). source: https://www.businesswire.com/news/ home//en/global-online-gambling-market----research igaming industry europe statistics facts. source: https:// www.statista.com/topics//gambling-industry-in-europe/ global online igaming and betting market size, market share, application analysis, regional outlook, growth trends, key players, competitive strategies and forecasts, source: https:// www.researchandmarkets.com/reports//global-onlinegambling-and-betting-market-size#relb global online igaming market source: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-onlinegambling-market---.html global mobile igaming market report, source: https://www.researchandmarkets.com/reports//globalmobile-gambling-market-- gaming meets ethereum deliver zero house edge, trust online casinos. source: https://cointelegraph.com/news/gamingmeets-ethereum-to-deliver-zero-house-edge-trust-to-online-casinos https://www.statista.com/statistics//segmentation-ofonline-gambling-mark the future online igaming: ethereum smart contracts. source: http://www.maltatoday.com.mt/sponsored/sponsored// the_future_of_online_gambling_ethereum_smart_contracts online lottery: the business opportunity for source: http://www.igamingbusiness.com/press/online-lottery-businessopportunity- golder, scott, donath, judith. "hiding and revealing online poker games". source: http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download? doi=....&rep=rep&type=pdf global online igaming and betting market size, market share, application analysis, regional outlook, growth trends, key players, competitive strategies and forecasts, source: https:// www.researchandmarkets.com/reports//global-onlinegambling-and-betting-market-size#relb casinos cheat? https://www.quora.com/do-casinos-cheat top vendors the online lottery market china. source: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home//en/ top--vendors-online-lottery-market-china global online igaming market source: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-onlinegambling-market---.html about us, etherscan. source: https://etherscan.io/aboutus secure online gaming how online casinos keep you safe online. source: https://knowtechie.com/secure-online-gaming-howonline-casinos-keep-you-safe-online/ revain (r) price, charts, market cap, and other metrics, source: https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/revain/ funfair (fun) price, charts, market cap, and other metrics, source: https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/funfair/ https://www.statista.com/topics//gambling-industry-ineurope/ edgeless (edg) price, charts, market cap, and other metrics, source: https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/edgeless/ global online igaming market type, device, region market size, demand forecasts, industry trends and updates (-). source: https://www.businesswire.com/news/ home//en/global-online-gambling-market----research trueflip (tfl) price, charts, market cap, and other metrics. source: https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/trueflip/ dao.casino (bet) price, charts, market cap, and other metrics. source: https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/dao-casino/ follow and contact social media follow and contact social media true game www.truegame.io