gj=s= =a&=as&= =jas=/&m a&=asjs&s establishing blockchain-based open platform for the television ecosystem the token for television tv-two team team@tv-two.com april executive summary the current television ecosystem broken. networks around the world are abusing their market power gatekeepers increase prices for advertisers, lower payouts content creators and drive subscription costs for consumers. they actively hinder innovation content delivery and advertising technology order sustain their oligopolistic position and benefits. many consumers are rightfully frustrated with the state broadcast television. they enjoy the lean-back nature fixed program schedule, but would like see more premium content personalized their viewing patterns and interests. the same time, tech giants like google, facebook, amazon and netflix are looking build their walled garden around the television ecosystem, eager acquire more power through data and access consumers. tv-two o|ers the community solution form open platform for those who are curious about cutting the cord. this includes: first, application for connected tvs that blends traditional television with personalized video stream o|ering premium content subscription costs. the video stream can always opened with just one click button. second, the token for television (ttv), erc token that administers the exchanged value between consumers, content providers and advertisers. propose new ecosystem, where the trustless nature the ethereum blockchain makes possible for market participants interact directly without having rely middlemen. consumers get watch curated videos while receiving ttv for choosing see sponsored messages from advertisers. content creators are rewarded users with ttv for their quality productions. the token for television will o|ered the community crowdsale. the ttv crowdsale especially relevant for advertisers that are looking for sponsored reach the big screen. the network utility expansion mechanism inherent our model. since additional coins will issued after the token crowdsale and each token has the reserved right show ads fixed portion the tv-two user base, each consumer that comes the platform boosts the utility the token. contents overview value proposition consumers content providers advertisers interaction between market participants the center the living room product the future television the user interface usage scenario prerequisites and app download product demo partnerships content partners technology front-end back-end supervised learning algorithm blockchain the token for television token network e|ect token economy token transactions roadmap team crowdsale token distribution allocation funds frequently asked questions appendix structure the ecosystem current state the advertising market a.. european e|ort for change: hbbtv a.. addressable a.. overview global advertising industry a.. market study: germany legal overview this paper will review the current state broadcast television and propose tv-two, blockchain-based open platform that helps decentralize the ecosystem order spread the oligopolistic surplus networks among consumers, content creators, and advertisers. value proposition tv-two will bring the digital age millions living rooms around the world. o|er the community: application for connected tvs that blends broadcast television with personalized and ad-supported video stream o|ering premium content the big screen. while watching linear television through tv-two, the video stream can accessed anytime pressing enter the remote control. the application establishes new standard for advertising. consumers are empowered share data with advertisers their terms. advertisers can utilize user data and usage insights reach consumers with more personalized and relevant messages that result higher user satisfaction and return spend. the token for television (ttv), token that administers the exchanged value between consumers, content providers and advertisers. advertisers give tokens users for watching sponsored videos and sharing anonymous user data. content providers get tokens and insights from users for o|ering premium video content. consumers accumulate tokens that they can store their wallet and o|er exchanges. aim establish direct relationship between consumers, content providers and advertisers (see figure the individual players are empowered pursue direct interactions the blockchain, decentralizing the ecosystem well disarming oligopolistic networks, broadcast providers and tech giants, they are actively hindering open innovation. section a., validate our claim that networks are organized oligopolies. based learnings from the programmatic advertising space that plagued with fraud, limited viewability and brand safety issues, will leapfrog ahead building transparency right into the core the model. consumers get use platform that blends linear with personalized video stream curated supervised learning algorithm, enabling more organic content variety and relevance without having pay monthly subscription fee experience the freedom skip videos and ads well the chance select frequency figure ttv ecosystem receive rewards for watching relevant sponsored messages well sharing anonymous data with advertisers through the ttv content providers receive the chance generate reach television sets without having sign contract with network, giving small creators that focus quality videos equal share voice determined watch statistics instead clicks get full transparency watch statistics for their videos without having trust single centralized platform can refinance their content more easily profiting from high media spends that towards advertisers receive targeting and attribution features well the automated media booking that they know from digital advertising get per user reporting engagement and organic video context without falling victim fraud non-transparent kpi reporting can address users the basis their first-party data without having hand over data tv-two third-party interaction between market participants before the first implementation the blockchain, ideal ecosystem would have consisted four parties (see figure figure current ecosystem content providers and advertisers deliver organic and commercial content that curated networks and transmitted consumers broadcast providers that typically belong the same parent company. however, networks are exploiting their gatekeeper status: advertisers: networks possess direct consumer access, which allows them set prices and generate high profits content providers: the direct consumer access, allows networks discriminate against individual content providers. networks produce most the content in-house, which further hurts independent creators users: networks select the content that makes air. user have choice but watch the delivered content. neither organic nor sponsored clips are personalized given the status quo, networks act middlemen between three parties that should have direct relationships among each other for fair and transparent exchange value. the trustless nature the blockchain makes possible for market participants disintermediate the oligopolistic broadcasting industry. the center the living room overall, television consumption has remained steady the recent years. while the use netflix and other streaming services has exploded with households subscribing least one streaming service they usually act add-ons broadcast, not substitutes.[] users are still addicted broadcast television. the consultancy accenture explains that "most broadcasters have been the heart their national cultural life for decades, and audiences have grown with them their lives."[] nielsen's "cross-platform report" from illustrates how the time spent front the television increases proportionally with the age the user.[] taking the demographic shift the western world into account, this will cement the importance the tv. especially consumers with high disposable income are glued their television sets. the baby boomer generation, meaning users born between and control the disposable income the us.[] for this generation, netflix and youtube are alternative. baby boomers are used enjoying the lean-back nature broadcast television, which they not actively have choose the program. personalized and automatically curated video stream the big screen the way go. mobile devices, facebook has perfected the system infinite video stream. nowadays, more and more consumers are watching videos their smartphones. however, yahoo survey finds two major disadvantages, which hinder seamless video experience mobile: screen size and battery time were criticized more than half the respondents (see figure ).[] especially, the screen size inevitable downside. tv-two are certain that the television will remain centerpiece our living rooms for years come. this the place where people gather and look for entertainment. despite centralized markets, undemocratic distribution power, non-transparent reporting and inefficient targeting methods, television can currently sustain its position. the extensive inefficiencies are tackled with the right set new technologies, television will retain its position the central entertainment hub the living room and remain the most important marketing channel. product the future television tv-two application for connected tvs that o|ers regular consumers broadcast television easy way transition into world with personalized video stream. major part the solution the fact that the traditional broadcast signal watched through the app. firstly, allowing overarching analysis behavioral patterns across all linear channels including channel selection and dwell time. secondly, enabling easy access the video stream. pressing enter the remote control, layer inserted over the content. for the user the same experience changing the channel. the video stream itself blends organic content with relevant ads. based in-stream behavior, preferences linear tv, surveys and other data, supervised learning algorithm selects suitable videos from broad selection high quality content. the videos vary figure users' dislikes about video smartphones language and the following categories: movies, music, news and politics, travel and nature, food and beverages, fashion and beauty, sports, cars, technology, gaming, and education. order facilitate the new ecosystem, market participants are coming together the ethereum blockchain manage their interactions trustless manner. the blockchain technology enables tv-two circumvent the complexity and privacy issues programmatic advertising. instead, decentralized platform with full transparency and security o|ered. likewise, for both content providers and advertisers the market democratized with simplified access the big screen. the same time, the user rewarded with ttv for watching sponsored messages. the user looking earn even more ttv, can opt-in sharing anonymous data with advertisers and content providers. this makes possible target based complete behavioral profile. booking inventory television longer requires direct interaction between media seller and media buyer. for all samsung, lg, toshiba, vision and panasonic tvs with tv-two, advertisers can simply use ttv and the tv-two campaign platform reach consumers. having carefully weighed the pros and cons, are convinced that application for connected tvs the best option launch tv-two. nevertheless, the approach involves dependency the manufacturers. therefore, further decentralize the ecosystem, shipping open tv-two set-top boxes and televisions will evaluated (see section the user interface tv-two divided into two layers. the first layer, which entered after starting the application, consists the broadcast signal with all standard functionalities. the second layer, reached via pressing enter the remote control, displays the personalized video stream. for the first launch the application, onboarding displayed explain the basic functionality. after that, starting the application directly leads the user the first layer the current channel displayed the window. while the viewing experience unchanged, hbb banner ads that are sold networks are hidden for the user. occasionally, reminder how enter the tv-two video stream displayed. the user has the following navigation options inside the first layer the application: guide displays the program guide, the return the application performed once the guide closed channel list displays the channel list, the return the application performed once the channel list closed channel up/down allows tune and down, while showing the window with channel information allow jump distinct channel number directly right the d-pad minimizes messages from tv-two return/exit closes the application enter allows switch between the broadcast layer and the video stream layer accordingly, pushing enter brings the user the second layer that inserted front the broadcast signal. the layer shows video stream that automatically tailored the user. the first use, navigating the video stream explained. the fourth use, survey genre preferences conducted pushing left right the remote. similarly, di|erent points during the video stream, short questions are posed the user for additional ttv (e.g., asking the user for age bracket). none these special situations occur, suitable video link requested and played. once video completed skipped, the progress documented the tv-two ledger system. the process automated through supervised learning algorithm. occasionally, reminder check back the broadcast signal shown. the video layer, the controls are follows: enter allows switch between the broadcast layer and the video stream layer. the video's navigation bar allows select elements channel up/down allows switch the next, respectively the previous, video the stream up/down the d-pad activates and closes, the navigation bar with controls for the current video and information the video length well play position left/right the d-pad allows move the navigation bar the current video play, pause, stop, fast forward, rewind skip. tv-two messages can minimized and short, surveys can completed play/pause/stop/fast forward/rewind control the video without the navigation bar usage scenario today, smart owners use the live application watch the broadcast signal their television. tv-two serves substitute for the live application o|ering gateway traditional tv. users can watch the standard broadcast signal through tv-two and experience extra channel tailored their interests beyond the traditional o|ering. log-in tedious activation not required. upon the start the app, short logo lead-in displayed. once the user bored with the content, wants skip commercial simply prefers the tv-two o|ering, pressing enter the remote control leads the second layer the application the individualized video stream, blending organic and content. the user would like return the broadcast signal, simply pressing enter performs the task. prerequisites and app download the tv-two application designed for smart tvs with active internet connection. all samsung, lg, toshiba, vision and panasonic tvs from onward will supported. the product demo (see section shows version the application running samsung with the tizen operating system including blockchain interactions the ropsten testnet. further models and manufacturers will follow (see section the tv-two app can downloaded free charge. product demo visual product demo can found https://tv-two.com/. partnerships tv-two aims establish new form entertainment the big screen. adequate strategic network will help with decentralizing the market. content partners tv-two open platform for content providers from every genre. participants the decentralized ecosystem can traditional players like major movie and music producers, online-only players, like sport and independent news platforms, and small creators, like travel blogs and food reviews. technology front-end tv-two based the open source project toast for web application development. the application utilizes open web standards play personalized video stream for the user and engage with the smart contracts well state channels (see section ..). this makes possible track exchanged value between the user, content providers and advertisers the ethereum blockchain without having trust the reporting tv-two the central entity. when watching television through the tv-two app, the user can start the personalized video stream with just one click the enter button. each time sponsored video finishes playing, the user shown the current balance ttv determined the combination the contents his ethereum wallet and the balance the open state channel with tv-two that has not been settled on-chain, yet. spark brand recognition and gamification, the logo the advertiser and and pile coins displayed the animation that shows the current ttv balance. back-end supervised learning algorithm deploying supervised learning algorithm, can ensure that small creators with quality content get their voices heard our platform. while the predominant videosharing website youtube puts significant emphasize video clicks, our algorithm approximates the perceived quality video based watch statistics input. for each individual video, the ttv balance between users, content providers and advertisers updated. case organic video that provided content partner, the user automatically transfers share his ttv that proportional the watch time the video the creator. case sponsored message, the advertiser transfers ttv corresponding the watch time the the user. manually choosing the desired amount ads between five and fifteen clips per hour and having the possibility skip messages, the user complete control. the same time, the advertiser can assured that compensates consumers in-line with their interest for the advertised product. elaborated section .., the transfer ttv will initially happen state channels between tv-two and the market participants with all transactions logged the tv-two ledger. user decides skip sponsored message, ttv are transferred from the advertiser. furthermore, tv-two ensures through occasional surveys and on-screen dialogs that users are engaged. for determining the next video that shown the user, neural net trained with watch times from all users for all videos that they have watched. are utilizing the apache mxnet library. additional input parameters for the algorithm: title the video main-category the video (e.g., sports travel) sub-category the video (e.g., basketball drone footage) ten descriptive video tags keywords that have been extracted out the thumbnail the video using deep learning image recognition algorithm subsequently, the model used predict the watch time for all videos that the user has not seen yet. the videos are sorted the predicted watch time descending order and the first video with organic tag played. dependent the ratio that the user has selected during the first start the application, five fifteen sponsored videos are shown one hour the personalized video stream. sponsored videos are blended with the organic content during training the supervised learning model. this way, the estimated watch time can also predicted for sponsored messages, giving tv-two indication the relevance the video for the consumer, which maximizes value the advertiser and enjoyment for the user. the amount ttv that the advertiser pays for the sponsored view dependent the relevance the clip, measured the predicted watch time. content creators youtube regularly employ tactics shock and deception their video titles and thumbnails artificially inflate their number views. this phenomenon known clickbait. youtube the central platform owner encourages clickbait with its algorithm that promotes videos with high number clicks short amount time its trending section. since youtube profits from every video click, due the mechanism pre-roll ads, they are sub-optimally incentivized. tv-two does not utilize pre-roll ads and thus only incentivized show quality content keep consumers the platform long possible. from economic standpoint, youtube prioritizes short-term revenues for its platform and its content providers over long-term value for consumers and advertisers. this illustrated the concern advertisers with brand safety youtube and users leaving the platform due declining content quality. pivotal element our model that disregard the amount video views input parameter for our algorithm. instead, rely the watch time. the first order condition maximize the total utility consumers, content providers and advertisers, resulting pareto efficient state. second order condition, specify that the utility best split equally among the three parties. optimizing for short-term revenue tv-two not desirable. strongly believe delivering value the ecosystem first, before extracting revenue from it. blockchain blockchains combine concepts peer-to-peer networks, asymmetric cryptography, decentralized computing and smart contracts into new technology platform. short, blockchains are distributed peer-to-peer systems which implement trustless shared public append-only transaction ledger.[] "the blockchain incorruptible digital ledger economic transactions that can programmed record not just financial transactions but virtually everything value." don and alex tapscott the immutability and transparency blockchain transactions plays critical role the decentralized ecosystem that tv-two are building. the underpinning the new marketplace for consumers, content partners and advertisers will the token for television (ttv). based the public open-source platform ethereum that facilitates blockchain-based distributed computing and smart contract functionality.[] the following interactions our model are based ttv: advertisers give ttv users for watching sponsored videos content providers get ttv from users for o|ering premium video content consumers accumulate ttv that they can store their wallet and o|er exchanges the first time, the user starts the video stream inside the application, new wallet generated. the private key saved locally the device. screen, the bip mnemonic that was used for the creation process displayed. the user asked save the mnemonic. the phrase can used manage the wallet for example through metamask imtoken. order overcome the currently limited scalability well increasing latency and transaction fees ethereum, are employing o|-chain signature patterns. state channels are used facilitate interactions between market participants. the term state channel refers the concept exchanging signed o|-chain transactions though peer-to-peer communication channel. this eliminates the need executing every single transaction on-chain. the context o|-chain value transfer between market participants, the term payment channel may used interchangeably. gain more depth understanding, let consider case which advertiser would like play ads through tv-two with ttv that they are holding their ethereum wallet hosted the tv-two platform. the advertiser and tv-two are entering smart contract that includes function, which applies external state the tv-two ledger system argument the contract state. the function includes signature check ensure that both the advertiser and tv-two agree with any state changes. when entering the smart contract, the advertiser has commit fixed amount ttv deposit well define targeting criteria and campaign creatives. the contract deployed the ethereum blockchain. every time video the advertiser shown user, the state recorded the tv-two ledger system. the transaction updated locally, signed and sent the advertiser through the whisper protocol. subsequently, the advertisers also signs the transaction. this done for every view, until either the deposit fully used the state channel timeout reach, which will update the on-chain balance ttv reflect the o|-chain transactions. see figure for illustration. the same time, tv-two has open state channels with users and content providers the platform. while for the state channel with content provider only tv-two commits deposit, both the users and tv-two commit ttv their channel. the smart contracts that govern the state channels are stored the ethereum blockchain. tv-two will use tokens from the pool the team for the deposit. when the user watches ad, tv-two first pushes the updated balance the state channel with the advertiser. next, the change tokens pushed the state channel with the user. tv-two keeps share which helps run and improve the platform. when the user watches organic video produced content provider, the user automatically commits ttv through the state channel with tv-two. subsequently, the token balance between tv-two and the content provider updated. for details the economics the transactions, see section with both the user and the content provider, the state channel kept open, until the deposit tv-two used either party decides settle on-chain. for any following interaction between tv-two and the market participants, another state channel with new deposit opened. ttv that users and content providers have received their ethereum wallets are directly transferable. this fact makes the two parties direct participants the ecosystem and increases token velocity (see section .). figure illustration state channel between advertiser and tv-two for increased transparency and decentralization, critical move larger share the ttv transactions the ethereum blockchain itself. the vision tv-two disarm the oligopolistic networks, not build monopolistic position itself. there are number concepts inside the ethereum community that are working increasing scalability make this possible: sharding will scale transactions partitioning state over multiple chains plasma will scale transactions using hierarchical trees raiden will scale transactions using state channel technology apart from accounting for the exchanged value between users, content providers and advertisers, the blockchain helps with the following use cases: advertisers can use first-party data for targeting, without having send tv-two third-party for blind-matching consumers can anonymously share personal information with advertisers and content providers without having compromise their privacy mentioned above, the advertiser specifies targeting parameters for given campaign the smart contract with tv-two. case the advertiser looking target users the basis first-party data, they encrypt said data with the public key tv-two and include with the contract. minimize costs associated with storing large amounts first-party data on-chain, advisable put the encrypted data content-addressable storage system that stores files their hashes o|-chain. the data stays encrypted the server the advertiser and hash the file included with the smart contract. using the hash value, tv-two can access the file, decrypt with its private key and use for targeting the campaign specified the smart contract. default, advertisers and content providers only see the tv-two (resettable) user that has just watched their content documented the tv-two ledger. however, users can decide enable advanced data sharing with advertisers and content providers order receive additional ttv. while protecting the privacy users ultimate importance tv-two, believe that data sharing fully transparent and opt-in level can strengthen the ecosystem. advertisers and content providers can use additional information about the users plan more relevant campaigns and create more tailor-made content. ruling out data sharing design, puts all market participants disadvantage. case user decides share data, tv-two encrypts the data with the public key the advertisers content partner and includes the tv-two ledger. subsequently, advertisers and content providers can encrypt the data using their private keys. the token for television token network e|ect tv-two introducing the token for television (ttv) the currency new, globally decentralized ecosystem. token just another currency used the economy that specializes the exchange particular service." primoz kordez figure the bootstrapping challenge transactions between advertisers and users well between users and content providers are always tied the token for television. other cryptocurrencies and fiat can not used exchange value between market participants. advertisers have acquire ttv during the crowdsale exchanges order sponsor messages. the decision design the ecosystem way that reliant the ttv helps leverage token network e|ects order overcome the bootstrapping challenge initially limited application utility (see figure each token has the reserved right show ads fixed portion the tv-two user base, each consumer that comes the platform boosts the utility the token. all token holders are aligned towards the common goal growing the user base, through word mouth through uploading premium videos the platform. with more users and quality content providers the ecosystem, increasing number advertisers see relevance sponsoring videos tv-two. what great for advertisers: the price per ttv should increase, the price reaching one individual the platform does not increase line. over time, one ttv simply buys more sponsored views than the beginning. this where the divisibility the ttv decimal places becomes relevant. also gives advertisers and their agencies reason purchase tokens during the crowdsale and hold them reach even more viewers later point time. finally, the ttv better currency for the ecosystem than any fiat, since facilitates transactions across boarders and without any fees. token economy the following section explores the longevity the ttv-based economy analyzing market dynamics. the pivotal aspect that will ensure the value ttv the future its utility. his medium article, william mougayar elaborates three tenets the utility tokens: role, purpose, and features.[] table details the four roles and purposes well all features the token for television: table utility the ttv role purpose features value exchange economy creation buying, rewards function enrich user experience joining network, connecting with users, incentive for usage currency frictionless transactions payment unit, transaction unit earnings distributed benefits earnings, distributed benefits the first role the ttv exchange value inside the ecosystem. the decentralized television economy created the basis the token for television. advertisers use the ttv buy views for their sponsored videos. users are rewarded for watching sponsored messages. content providers are rewarded ttv for o|ering organic content inside the tv-two video stream. detailed section .., the ttv balance with advertisers, content providers and consumers managed through state channels. once the balance the state channel settled with the content provider the user on-chain, the ttv are available inside their ethereum wallets. the parties can become active advertiser tv-two themselves, which gives them the possibility sponsor their video content. especially gives content providers the chance increase the amount views their videos. for many consumers and advertisers, ttv will the first token that they have owned. for advertisers, the process acquiring and spending ttv completely seamless the campaign management platform. for users, easy import their wallet created the into metamask through the bip mnemonic. the second role the ttv function enrichment the user experience the application and the ecosystem. content providers are motivated ttv use the network. advertisers use ttv connect with users. consumers are incentivized for the usage the personalized video stream through the token for television. the third role ttv inside the decentralized television ecosystem make possible for market participants administer payments across borders without any friction. transactions between advertisers and users well between users and content providers are dependent the token for television. with any currency, the equation exchange can used understand the flow money the economy []: where: the size the ttv asset base. the velocity the ttv. the price booking ads tv-two. the quantity inventory tv-two. both too high and too low token velocity are detrimental the decentralized ecosystem. too high velocity could exist, market participants would not see any value holding ttv. order facilitate payments users, they would convert fiat any cryptocurrency the token for television. content providers and users would directly convert ttv other currencies for storing value. the other end the spectrum, token velocity could lower than desired. contributors and market participants could hold ttv for extended periods time, without spending the economy. drawing from the money supply (most liquid portions) the economy, the velocity the ttv should ideally remain the moderate range between and .[] tv-two will continuously monitor the velocity the token for television the market. due the mechanism network utility expansion, expect the velocity the token for television low the beginning. since the size the ttv asset base fixed after the crowdsale, the available tokens access defined percentage consumers that watch television through tv-two. the absolute number consumers using tv-two grows over time, the amount utility per token increases. the anticipation greater utility the future will cause market participants hold ttv, reducing the velocity the token. after receiving tokens from the advertiser the user, the market participants will either have hold the ttv for period time before they can convert another currency, spend the tv-two platform itself. the final role the token for television deals with earnings. the ttv helps with distributing benefits generated the newly decentralized ecosystem all market participants. the oligopolistic surplus networks the honeypot now goes directly consumers, content providers and advertisers. consumers get share the cake for the first time all. content providers are rewarded more generously for their quality videos and the same time, advertisers get pay lower price for showing their sponsored videos premium environment. token transactions the following section will elaborate the transactions between advertisers and users well between users and content providers. advertisers can transfer tokens for television (ttv) users order reward them for watching sponsored messages. the amount ttv the advertiser needs for one view dependent the relevance the video for the user, which measured with the help the predicted watch time calculated the supervised learning algorithm (see section ..). the relevance fraction that plugged into the following function calculate the price ttv: p(r) where: the size the ttv asset base, the number users the platform, euler's number, and are scaling factors, the relevance score between and figure plot equation the function aligns interest between advertisers and users, making the promotion more relevant videos substantially cheaper for the advertiser. figure shows the ecosystem state with asset base ttv and user base with scaling factor set and set both scaling factors will algorithmically adjusted over time until the ecosystem steady state, where the total utility consumers, content providers and advertisers about equal. major determinants are the amount ads the average user willing see and the number organic clips, average user watches per hour. the duration the sponsored video does not influence the price paid. the users skips the video during the first ten seconds, payment between the advertiser and consumer administered. fraud, which the user simply turns the and walks away order earn ttv mitigated through dialog that appears, action has occurred for some time. additionally, the user identified during the registration process (kyc), which limits the viability fraudulent ttv farming. tv-two keeps share the ttv transferred from the advertisers, which helps run and improve the platform. the tokens are stored wallet that kept separate from the ones used the crowdsale. the ttv credited the user. the state described above, viewing with moderate relevance score results ttv for the user. the user can choose watch between five and fifteen ads per hour. for individual the united states with hours television consumption per day, fifteen ads per hour result accumulation around ttv one year. while the absolute number ttv that the user can gain watching commercials decreases with more consumers the platform, the equivalent other currencies remains constant. when the user watches organic video produced content provider, the user automatically commits ttv according the following sigmoid function: con(t) tanh where: the size the ttv asset base, the number users the platform, scaling factor, the number minutes watched. figure shows the ecosystem state with asset base ttv and user base ,,. the scaling factor set here, content providers receive ttv for engaged video views. the user has fewer ttv his wallet than calculated equation potentially unable pay the content provider for the next video. this case, sponsored video played. the state described above, the limit around ttv. users and content providers can hold the token for television their wallets. lim con(t) figure plot equation roadmap the following roadmap outlines the milestones that tv-two looking hit order transform the television landscape into decentralized ecosystem: team jan phillip hofste, co-founder tv-two, industrial engineer. distributed systems, state channels, semantic web. experience: chief product officer minodes (telefonica next company). philipp schulz, co-founder tv-two, entrepreneur. communications, sales, partnerships. experience: lead business development minodes (telefonica next company). nicolas schnorpfeil, chief financial officer, economist. quantitative finance, token economy, game theory. experience: finance student university andrews. christopher obereder, chief marketing officer, entrepreneur. app marketing, growth hacking, public relations. experience: naga and trade.io ico, forbes under philip rottschafer, chief operations officer, growth. operations, partnerships, recruiting. experience: internationalization cody lamson, blockchain developer, solidity. full stack developer writing mostly javascript and solidity. experience: developer for brickblock and adidas. jonas schmidt, strategy consultant, supporter. strategy, operations, exchange management. experience: intl. management bocconi, strategy& pwc rodrigo acosta, blockchain developer, supporter. experience: bitcoin core open asset protocol. joschka kintscher, software engineer and crypto investor, supporter. experience: software engineer harvest. michael brand, back-end developer, supporter. experience: mathematics berlin institute technology. dave barton, startup cryptocurrency copywriter, supporter. experience: founder/lead writer startup copy guy. david ben kay, governing board ethereum (), advisor. experience: experience: general counsel microsoft (china), pundi ico. tim wegner, tech entrepreneur angel investor, advisor. experience: physics imperial college and mit, mckinsey. phillip nunn, ceo the blackmore group, advisor. experience: blockchain crypto specialist, public speaker. john patrick mullin, ftc asian regional director, advisor. experience: investment banker, speaker, trade.io ico. simon cocking, editor chief cryptocoin.news, advisor. experience: mentor advisor successful icos. jason butcher, coo coinpayments founder parallel payments, advisor. experience: blockchain association, lydian ico, pindify ico. tom budd, blockchain consultant keynote speaker, advisor. experience: booz allen hamilton, betrium ico, e-chat ico. oliver laurence, strategy expert startup mentor, advisor. experience: block crypto ico. arthur zubko|, fintech marketing consultant, advisor. experience: banking, crypto investor, utrust ico. tobias schulz, blockchain investor high-tech grunderfonds, advisor. experience: goldman sachs, jpmorgan, zalando. kai rieke, director marketing project ventures, advisor. experience: affinitas (ipo), altcoin investor. dan biton, co-founder gimli, advisor. experience: token economics, ico campaigns. harold kim, asia regional director, advisor. experience: hyundai capital, naga and ins ico. crowdsale token distribution the token for television (ttv) will distributed follows: available for purchase: tokens for television will available for purchase. relative terms, all tokens will sold the public during the crowdsale team: the available tokens will retained tv-two. the tokens are vested over three years. supporters and advisors: the available tokens will supporters and advisors tv-two campaigns: the available tokens will granted supporters that have participated the bounty and marketing campaign unsold tokens will burned more tokens will not created the future figure token distribution allocation funds the funds collected the crowdsale will used follows: engineering and development: the funds will used sustain and grow the engineering team order accelerate development the tv-two application and its interaction with the decentralized ttv ecosystem marketing: the funds will used grow the user base tv-two with both promotional e|orts and ttv incentives partner engagement: the funds will used acquire content and advertising partners that commit jointly growing the ttv ecosystem legal and administration: the funds will used cover legal and administrative costs associated with running tv-two contingency: the funds will set aside for unforeseen developments figure allocation funds table summary information the crowdsale mode crowdsale initial coin o|ering soft cap eth hard cap eth exchange rate ttv usd token supply for crowdsale sale launch may greenwich mean time (gmt) dubai time (gst, gmt+) jakarta time (wib, gmt+) sale completion july greenwich mean time (gmt) dubai time (gst, gmt+) jakarta time (wib, gmt+) frequently asked questions how the token for television (ttv) structured? the token for television erc token that divisible decimal places. how participate the crowdsale? please subscribe our newsletter https://tv-two.com receive video before the start the crowdsale that describes the process purchasing tokens detail. can other cryptocurrencies fiat used the decentralized television ecosystem? transactions between advertisers and users well between users and content providers are always tied the token for television (ttv). other cryptocurrencies and fiat can not used exchange value between market participants. advertisers have acquire ttv during the crowdsale exchanges order sponsor messages. this fact will sustainably protect the value the token for television. will additional ttv issued after the crowdsale? additional ttv will issued after the crowdsale. will make the smart contracts for the operation the ecosystem open source. this way, participants are able validate this claim. what sets the token for television apart from the basic attention token (bat)? both the basic attention token and the token for television are transnational units for advertisers, content providers and consumers. while the team behind the bat concentrates managing this triangular relationship the blockchain for desktop and mobile devices, work the television ecosystem. market that equally large, but much less digitized. contrast bat, believe that the consumer should able sell the tokens she acquired through the application order monetarily profit from the transaction. this will increase the velocity the ttv and strengthen our token economy. the topic privacy: while personally sympathize with bat's focus protecting personal data users, feel that wrong not provide market participants with the chance opt-in data sharing that improves relevance sponsored videos and increases the utility for advertisers, content providers and consumers. despite the di|erences, feel that the bat team and are fighting the same battle: for better user experience, more quality content and higher relevance. therefore, want ask supporters bat and those who were looking participate their crowdsale consider tv-two. appendix structure the ecosystem our value proposition, have made the claim that networks are entrenched oligopolistic structures. this section, will validate this claim. according the online investment encyclopedia investopedia, "an oligopoly consists select few companies having significant influence over industry. while these companies are considered competitors within the specific market, they tend cooperate with each other benefit whole, which can lead higher prices."[] have selected two methods for analyzing the structure the industry. first, utilize the checklist from "microeconomics" je|rey perlo| the university california, berkley check for oligopoly (table ).[] networks are assumed o|er commercial inventory, which many advertisers are interested purchasing. the demand curve for commercial slots downward sloping. the fewer commercials can booked, the higher the price. this makes broadcasters price-setters. advertisers are position where prevailing price must accepted (criterion test for market power, the price and marginal costs the television department nbcuniversal are analyzed: where: the price one second commercial, the marginal cost the network for one second commercial. the marginal costs are calculated taking the total television costs nbcuniversal, found the annual report comcast, divded the total amount commercial spots aired the timespan one year the network.[] table checklist for oligopolistic market structure property oligopoly fulfilled networks? price setter yes price >marginal costs yes entry conditions limited entry yes number firms few yes long-run profit bigger yes strategy dependent individual rival firms' behavior yes yes products may di|erentiated yes criteria ability set price market power this leads believe that nbcuniversal incurs marginal costs approximately usd per second commercial. the same time, the average price for second spot national during prime time was usd ,.[] even when taking high discounts for placements during the day into account, marginal costs stay below the price (criterion for the market "one condition for new entry that the potential station able obtain license from the fcc. the lack such license absolute (legal) barrier entry any television market."[] accordingly, the entry limited (criterion common american terminology with regards television "the big four". refers the dominating networks, namely disney-abc, cbs, nbcuniversal and fox, owned news corporation (criterion daniel kimmel outlines the introduction the fox network and how changed the industry.[] names sport broadcasting rights and cartoon saturdays examples. although ideas and concepts the networks may depict di|erentiated products, players adapt success stories (criterion and additionally, the networks enforce their powerful position and gather long-run profits: "over the past few decades television has developed one the most lucrative business models entertainment history" (criterion ).[] therefore, all seven criteria indicate that networks form oligopoly. second, concentration indexes are utilized indicate the state competition market. for the concepts, refer the index and the interval estimation the herfindahl-hirschman index adapted naldi and flamini.[] the most common approaches calculating the concentration ratio are the herfindahl-hirschman index (hhi) and the six-firm concentration ratio (cr due firms contributing the television landscape, calculating the hhi with the market shares all individual players impractical. instead the was selected measure industry contraction, looking the market share the six largest companies. the index computed calculating the sum market shares: where: the market share firm the market. the united states six companies, namely comcast (nbc), news corporation (fox), disney (abc, espn), viacom (mtv, nick jr.), time-warner (cnn, hbo) and cbs (showtime, smithsonian channel), possess market share data the market retrieved from business insider.[] this indicates highly concentrated market with weak competition between the largest players. both analyses underline the oligopolistic nature the broadcast industry. this undesirable state for users, advertisers and content providers. for users, the strong concentration reduces choice and the access objective journalism. advertisers are reduced price-takers and deprived innovative format. content providers face high entry barriers with quality not being the most important determinant the fight for airtime. regulators and networks have interest broader, more diversified market. instead, they focus exploiting their predominant position. current state the advertising market "marketing departments might collect voluminous statistics television program ratings and coupon redemptions and carefully compare the costs marketing with total sales. but none this data measures what really important: the incremental sales product." magid abraham and leonard lodish, june this quote describes the challenges advertising one would expect the digitalization have changed attribution models for broadcast television. yet, program ratings rain supreme. while connected tvs have the technology them turn the most important channel for digital advertising, broadcast networks are slow adopt the new technology. instead focusing the user, commercials are still booked contextual basis just like years ago. a.. european e|ort for change: hbbtv hybrid broadcast broadband (hbbtv) initiative aiming combine the advantages the internet with the form new industry standard for smart tvs. was launched leading european players from the television industry the press release the time, announced that "through the adoption hbbtv, consumers will able access new services from entertainment providers such broadcasters, online providers and manufacturers."[] however, hbbtv does not seem ready for world-wide rollout. after eight years hbbtv still did not arrive the three biggest advertising markets the us, china and japan. a.. addressable programmatic the ultimate form digital advertising desktop and mobile devices. automates much the process booking media possible. the past, both media sellers and media buyers had pick their phone negotiate placements and prices. today, impressions are traded exchanges matter milliseconds. the increased flexibility leads higher revenues for publishers, improved targeting and attribution capabilities for advertisers, well higher relevancy ads for users. although most consumers already have connected tvs their home that are addressable, much the buying still done traditional direct deal basis. advertisers and networks agree commercial slots consulting nielsen grp data and all viewers program see the same ad. contrary, addressable describes the concept which commercials are selected real-time per-device level. advertisers can target appropriate audiences according location, demographics, and behavior.[] nevertheless, certain obstacles persist: table global advertising revenues category size (usd bn) growth grand total (global, all media) north america western europe central eastern europe latin america asia pacific digital sales search social mobile oine sales linear television print radio ooh -.% -.% online, the high complexity programmatic advertising o|ers great opportunities for fraud, non-transparency and inefficiencies. the same issues might arise addressable tvs. therefore, transparency needed right from the start privacy laws will require networks get opt-in from users [], which poses technical challenge behavioral targeting can only done per-channel basis, since user data kept silos between the individual networks the legal status location-based targeting questionable some geographies (e.g., regional ads are against the law germany) addressable only makes the sponsored but not the organic content more relevant for viewers. features like skipping individual clips are not supported networks booking volumes addressable tvs are still small, since networks are incentivized sustain the status quo traditional booking, where performance remains opaque inventory from addressable campaigns often traded private exchanges, which still require direct relationship between advertiser and network the budget allocated addressable ads represented the total television market and "will remain small portion total spend for the foreseeable future."[] without major shift the ecosystem, networks will stay oblivious technological progress. while the demand for new media formats understood, networks feel need adapt. market participants will have rely more decentralized system attack the oligopolistic honeypot. a.. overview global advertising industry the "global advertising forecast" from magna, division the marketing agency ipg mediabrands, the world's figures are gathered (table ).[] linear television advertising revenues grew usd billion digital sales increased .%. the growth print and radio negative. increase growth rates, television needs get out the oine bracket and embrace its digital future. a.. market study: germany the german market the biggest european advertising market (see figure known strong and estimated grow over the coming years. single digit growth has been observed since media markets recovered from the financial crisis this rise estimated continue beyond .[] prosiebensat. media and rtl group are the two leading german commercial networks, owning fourteen individual channels. likewise, the television pie divided between the two players. the state-owned channels, ard and zdf, and independent sports and news networks only posses minor share. prosiebensat. media and rtl group account for almost the entire market (see figure ).[] accordingly, the german market su|ers from duopoly. figure market sizes europe and around the world figure advertising revenue german channels legal legal situation the tv-two team will always work with highest diligence and best e|orts achieve the stated goal. however, certain internal external contingencies cannot influenced. thus, feel obliged elucidate some those imponderables. contribution constitutes voluntary contribution realize the outlined vision. ttv are ethereumbased tokens, which depict vouchers that may redeemed given timeframe for given service inside the ttv ecosystem. the purchase possession ttv must not mistaken with security investment any associated rights. likewise, ttv must not graded, interpreted treated any sort currency, part investment scheme, part business trust, derivatives part business trust, debentures, derivative debentures any class security. the ttv does not entail any equity stake, nor right dividends any payments, nor right for vote any decision-making. the ttv does not include ownership right claim tv-two, the platform, intellectual property revenues, today the future. reduction the eth exchange amount warranty rights are precluded. redemption rights are not given. the ttv can only used inside the ttv ecosystem. contributions are not refundable. the associated hazard accepted through the participation. risk factors for participants deciding contribute tv-two, would like further illustrate the associated risks. the following factors must observed with full attention and considered combination with all other information provided this whitepaper. one more risks, regardless listed not, materialize, loss full contribution possible. each risk must examined independently with equal thoroughness. risks can combine and intensify. have prepared this list the best our knowledge, but cannot guarantee its completeness. risks associated with personal decisions: without professional advice from legal, tax and economic other experts, important aspects this token sale might not evaluated properly. restrictions deviate from government government. the participants' responsibility investigate locally whether the token sale constitutes violation law. token crowdsales the trade cryptocurrencies are illegal, criminal charges are possible. protect our participants, entitle ourselves make contributions subject compliance regulations, like kyc aml. despite believing the ttv does not qualify security, soundly follow the u.s. securities and exchange commission new regulations. extra precaution for and the contributors, not accept participants from u.s. the public crowdsale. accredited american investors are permissible the pre-sale. risks associated with cryptocurrencies: case the ttv ecosystem will fail, independent the cause, third party would exchange ttv for goods services. accordingly, the value ttv strictly dependent the success tv-two. tv-two relies the ethereum blockchain technology. therefore, the future development this blockchain heavily influences the success tvtwo. ether has been subject strong market fluctuation the past. since the tv-two financials rely ether currency, price decrease might negatively a|ect operations. ttv will listed one more cryptocurrency exchanges. tv-two can neither guarantee the continuous operations those platforms, nor guarantee secure deposit. single contributors may possess large portions ttv. tokens are sold bulks, this could have negative e|ects the market value ttv. token holders' mistakes, including but not limited loss private keys performing unintended transfers, lie their own responsibility. risks associated with regulations institution positioned supervise, stabilize control does not exist. the lack constitutional presence might negatively influence ttv times crisis. future regulations cannot predicted. changes could possibly lead the depreciation ttv the cease tv-two. the tokens are intended used solely within the ecosystem and tv-two will not support otherwise facilitate any secondary trading external valuation tokens. this restricts the contemplated avenues for using tokens use the ecosystem, and could therefore create illiquidity risk with respect any tokens you own. even secondary trading tokens facilitated third-party exchanges, such exchanges may relatively new and subject little regulatory oversight, making them more susceptible fraud manipulation. furthermore, the extent that third parties ascribe external exchange value tokens (e.g., denominated digital fiat currency), such value may extremely volatile and diminish zero. forward-looking statements all statements that not relate historical facts must regarded forward-looking statements. this holds for this whitepaper, well any statements anyone acting behalf tv-two. these statements may identified forward-looking phrases and terms such "if", "may", "possible", "probable", "would", "could", "should", "anticipate", "believe", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "aim", "target", "plan", "can", "will" and similar terms. important note that this not exclusive list for forward-looking statements. the use forward-looking statements indicates prediction, opposed historical fact. forward-looking statements represent analyses and estimates that are based known, well unknown risk, uncertainties, and other factors internal external origin. they may negatively influence future results, well business success tv-two, and are partially included the list risk factors. references the economist. cutting the cord the future television. url: https://www. economist.com/news/business/- television- last- having- itsdigital-revolution-moment-cutting-cord (visited //). accenture plc. the future broadcasting the search for fundamental growth. tech. rep. dublin: accenture plc, url: https://www.accenture. com ttz _acnmedia accenture next gen pulse-of-media/pdf/accenture_future_of_broadcast_v_pov.pdf. investopedia. what are some current examples oligopolies? url: https: //www.investopedia.com/ask/answers//what- are- some- currentexamples-oligopolies.asp. j.m. perlo|. microeconomics. edition. boston: pearson addison-wesley, pp. comcast corporation. comcast form annual report. tech. rep. philadelphia: comcast corporation, url: http: //www. cmcsa.com /secfiling. cfm?filingid=--. adage. what costs: prices for tv, mobile, billboards and more news adage. url: http://adage.com/article/news/costs-ad-prices-tv-mobilebillboards// (visited //). d.w. webbink. "regulation, profits and entry the television broadcasting industry". in: the journal industrial economics (), pp. d.m. kimmel. the fourth network: how fox broke the rules and reinvented television. edition. chicago: ivan dee, the economist. traditional tv's surprising staying power slow-motion revolution. url: https://www.economist.com/news/special-report/peak its way slowly traditional tvs surprising staying power (visited //). maurizio and flamini. "the index and the interval estimation the herfindahl-hirschman index empirical comparison". in: ssrn (), pp. lutz, these corporations control business insider. url: http //www.businessinsider.com/these--corporations-control--of-themedia-in-america--?ir=t (visited //). abraham, and lodish, l.m. getting the most out advertising and promotion. (visited //). hbb tv. new european initiative merges television with the power the internet. tech. rep. munich: institut fur rundfunktechnik gmbh, url: https: //web .archive.org/web/ /http:// www .hbbtv.org/news hbbtv_pr_final.pdf. idate. programmatic addressable tv: the new potential targeted advertising for television. tech. rep. montpellier: idate digiworld, rainie, the state privacy america pew research center. url: http: //www.pewresearch.org/fact- tank////the- state- of- privacyin-america/ (visited //). parliament germany. achtzehnter staatsvertrag zur anderung rundfunkrechtlicher staatsvertrage. berlin, url: http://www.medienpolitik.net/wp-content/ uploads///___rdfkstv-.pdf. poggi, addressable advertising surge adage. url: http://adage. com article media addressable advertising expected surge remain small-part-tv-budgets// (visited //). emarketer. emarketer releases new addressable spending estimates emarketer. url: https://www.emarketer.com/article/emarketer-releasesnew-addressable-tv-ad-spending-estimates/ (visited //). stillman and letang. global advertising forecast. tech. rep. new york city: ipg mediabrands, pp. pwc. german entertainment and media outlook: tech. rep. london: pricewaterhousecoopers international, url: https://outlook.pwc.de/. deutschland. werbemarkt dezember tech. rep. cologne: deutschland, url: http://www.ip.de/loadfile.cfml?file=%p.hphw%kked% %d%y%nz]%ceoz-e%bffpe[.rm%li%%a{\&}type=application% fpdf. nielsen holding. era growth the cross-platform report. tech. rep. new york city: nielsen holdings, url: http://www.nielsen.com/content/ dam/corporate/us/en/reports- downloads/reports/nielsen- crossplatform-report-march-.pdf. u.s. news world report. baby boomer report. tech. rep. washington d.c.: u.s. news world report, pp. url: https www usnews com pubfiles/usnews_market_insights_boomers.pdf. emarketer. how often are consumers watching video their smartphones? emarketer. url: https://www.emarketer.com/article/how-oftenus-consumers-watching-video-on-their-smartphones/ (visited //). samsung. market insights: large screen, uhd, and convenience. url: https: //news.samsung.com/global/tv-market-insights-large-screen-uhd-andconvenience (visited //). eberhardt and tai. the blockchain? insights o|-chaining computation and data. jan. tapscott and tapscott. blockchain revolution: how the technology behind bitcoin changing money, business, and the world. edition. frankfurt main: portfolio, coindesk. understanding ethereum. url: https://www.coindesk.com/research/ understanding-ethereum-report/ (visited //). kordez, network output and velocity tokens. url: https://medium.com/ primoz.kordez/network- output- and- velocity- of- tokens- daecac/ (visited //). dixon, crypto tokens: breakthrough open network design. url: https://medium.com/cdixon/crypto- tokens- breakthrough- in- opennetwork-design-ebeef (visited //). mougayar, tokenomics, business guide token usage, utility and value. url: https://medium.com/wmougayar/tokenomics- business- guide- totoken-usage-utility-and-value-b/ (visited //). burniske, cryptoasset valuations. url: https medium com cburniske cryptoasset-valuations-acffca/ (visited //). kilroe, velocity tokens. url: https://medium.com/newtown- partners/ velocity-of-tokens-bb/ (visited //). francioni, quick guide the new interactive coin o|ering. url: https: //blog.web.ventures/a- quick- guide- to- the- new- interactive- coinoffering-dbdfe/ (visited //). teutsch, and buterin, interactive coin o|erings. url: https://people.cs. uchicago.edu/~teutsch/papers/ico.pdf (visited //).