white paper contents executive summary current problems the online market trust transparency expensive, slow complicated payment processing the arduous process transaction settlement high fees long transaction times mobile payments are not universally integrated traditional contracts licensing are slow expensive centralised markets for creative works are ineffective it's difficult prove ownership intellectual property the typerium application design content creation software the typerium creative marketplace social media network intellectual property protection the typerium solution: more trust, faster cheaper payments, proprietary wallet token universal transferable system for trust reputation blockchain-based payment gateway integrated wallet type tokens how typerium works the universal trust reputation system the merchant trust rating the client trust rating claims, reviews conflict management ... use case: claims ... use case: reviews sales contracts fraud the typerium payment gateway how typerium's mobile payments work how typerium reduces payment fees transaction times how the typerium wallet works case study: how typerium's merchant fees work practice case study: typerium's improved transaction times product architecture development timeline smart contracts workflows intended product architecture product development roadmap contents market opportunity the rapid growth e-commerce the explosive growth mobile digital payments the booming digital asset economy business model revenue share charity marketing strategy the network effect ... how the network effect works loyalty rewards crowd sale details pre-sale details token sale details token economy pre-sale exchanges type tokens budget legal general information knowledge required risks important disclaimer representation warranties governing law arbitration team typerium team typerium advisory team reference list references https://www.statista.com/statistics//value-of-the-us-entertainment-and-media-market/ executive summary executive summary the online world has brought range opportunities merchants and creators, but there are still significant issues with the systems involved getting their products consumers. one the most prominent the lack trust the internet, which often leads fraud and other scams. where there are trust systems place, takes time and resources get rating that shows entity reliable, and the ratings aren't transferable other marketplaces. this means that business that desires move expand new market must through the arduous process again and again. another stumbling block online transactions the expensive, slow and complicated payment process. fees can high, particularly for international transfers. can also take from two days two weeks for funds end merchant's account, which can create cash flow issues. top this, many merchants are lagging behind when comes accepting mobile payments, because traditional payment gateways often make too difficult for them so. typerium aims change this bringing about smoother transactions and better online experience for both buyers and sellers. its platform will leverage the ethereum blockchain and smart-contract functionality create universal and decentralised trust and reputation system. this will give each party more information when they conduct transactions, help reduce fraud and make easier resolve any conflict. top this, typerium will have seamlessly integrated mobile payments solution that takes advantage the latest technology developments. the typerium application will also bring host improvements the lives creators. will include intuitive design software that makes much easier create visually stunning work, well its own marketplace where users can buy and sell content. will even allow creators register their intellectual property the ethereum blockchain help prevent theft. the typerium creative marketplace will use its own wallet and currency, the type token, and feature the trust and reputation system, well the integrated mobilepayment solution mentioned above. over time, these systems will expanded third party retailers that they can also take advantage the increased functionality and lower costs that come from using the typerium system. typerium will support its operations charging transaction fee just .%, which significantly less than merchants currently pay. the marketing strategy the typerium service involves taking full advantage the network effect, well ensuring that typerium available many outlets possible through partnership system. the type token will available through crowd sale current problems the online market current problems the online market the online market has brought wealth options creators and merchants, giving them many new avenues connect with potential customers. despite this, there are still range problems: trust transparency creators want exchange their work for money, merchants want sell their products, they need trust and transparency facilitate the process. for the most part, this currently done through centralised marketplaces such shutterstock amazon. reviews and rating systems provide way for customers evaluate the legitimacy merchant creator, that they can decide whether they want make purchase from them. according econsultancy, customers read online reviews before they decide their purchases, while figures from search engine land, show that customers trust online reviews much personal recommendations. despite how useful reviews can be, they also pose challenges merchants. one the main problems is, that reviews and ratings are generally restricted each central marketplace, and can take significant time and resources build good reputation. merchant has great reviews amazon, these don't really help them they choose expand switch over new marketplace. they will have start all over again, and expend the necessary time and resources achieve good reviews and high ratings the new marketplace. while current marketplaces may give information the seller, many don't offer the same details for the buyer, which leaves the opportunity for fraud wide open. according nilson report, credit card fraud will cause billion losses globally the lexisnexis true cost fraud study states that e-commerce and m-commerce merchants lose and revenues respectively fraud, which significantly cuts into the profit margins many online businesses. expensive, slow complicated payment processing the current market, online payments are complex, inefficient, untimely and have unreasonably high fees. range different payment options are employed, but all them make the process unnecessarily complex and expensive. the arduous process transaction settlement transferring money from customer's bank account into merchant's account can take steps, regardless whether for in-store purchase, e-commerce m-commerce. these images show just eight the steps the process authorisation, authentication, clearing and settlement: current problems the online market authorisation cardholder credit card network acquirer merchant issuing bank cardholder pays the merchant with credit card. merchant sends those details the acquirer. acquirer forwards those details the credit card network. credit card network requests authorization from the issuing bank current problems the online market high fees traditional transfers can have fifteen different types fee, which significantly cut into the profits businesses. transaction fees are usually between per transaction, plus fixed fee between us$.-.. for example: every time someone makes transaction for us$, the merchant pays average of: x((.+.)/) ((.+.)/)) us$ which means that cents that ten dollars goes from the merchant banks, credit card associations, payment gateways and processors. transferring money across international borders also results high fees. for funds received from outside the u.s., paypal charges merchants transaction fee plus fixed fee (depending the currency), while charges plus for funds coming from within the united states. some payment gateways and processing companies also keep their fee structure hidden totally incomprehensible the average merchant, which makes hard for them discover how much international transfers will actually cost them. current problems the online market there are also terminal fees, which retail merchants pay for the terminals; pci fees, which are paid the payment card industry for compliance; annual fees; monthly fees; irs reporting fees; network fees; address verification service (avs) fees; voice authorisation fees (vaf); batch fees; nfs fees and more. long transaction times moving money from one bank account another involves many separate parties and can take three days settle transaction. the added complexities international payments can cause them take week more. during these times, payment gateways hold the money, which can cause cash flow problems, particularly for smaller merchants. these delays are inconvenient and costly for all businesses. mobile payments are not universally integrated our society gravitates more toward mobile usage, more customers are expecting able use their phones for payments. despite this growing desire, mobile payment solutions aren't uniform universally available. the solutions that payment processors offer for merchants accept mobile payments can also difficult implement. one the main reasons for these issues that payment gateways and terminals were originally developed for physical credit cards. their core, they are not mobile-friendly, which has made integration more complex. traditional contracts licensing are slow expensive lot business processes require contracts and licensing, particularly when comes creative works. this adds significant expenses, particularly for smaller businesses, because almost all contracts and licenses require the assistance lawyer. this also tends drag out the process substantially, which even more time that the merchant delayed from their core tasks. centralised markets for creative works are ineffective according the ipse, freelance work growing, particularly the creative industries. while freelancing offers the individual more freedom over their schedule, brings them the additional complications having run their own business, doing their own marketing, accounting and licensing. these aspects can take large portions the creator's time, many tend outsource these tasks centralised markets. these markets have tendency pitt creators against each other and also forces down the royalties they are paid. ends being race the bottom, with creators struggling feed themselves. the typerium application it's difficult prove ownership intellectual property intellectual property laws are complex and they tend vary around the world. there central registry where creators can catalogue and authenticate their works, which makes much easier for third parties use their works illegally, without proper attribution payment. this huge challenge for creators that has serious impact their livelihoods. the typerium application all these problems will solved the typerium application. multi-layered platform that brings together creative design software and marketplace to, buy and sell creative content, well intellectual property (ip) protection, reputation system, payment gateway, token and wallet, all based the ethereum blockchain. the typerium application initially, the typerium trust and reputation system, payment gateway, type token and wallet will used the typerium creative marketplace, but the technology will then expanded third party platforms that they can also take advantage its benefits. these systems will leverage the latest technology to: bring more trust the marketplace and reduce fraud significantly reduce fees and transfer times allow creators authenticate and track their intellectual property decentralise power, giving creators and small businesses more control and security design content creation software typerium's software will help build the bridge between everyday people and stunning visual design. suggesting typographical layouts, image pairings, font pairings, filters and more, users will able create beautiful pieces content without any prior design experience. will easy use, allowing budding creators publish their content major social media networks within seconds. because decentralised, users will also able download the content their computers, upload websites, use part their blog, headers, images and more. the typerium creative marketplace the typerium platform will also include marketplace where creators can distribute their content. will essentially give creators their own shop where they can sell their content for type tokens, typerium's own cryptocurrency. creators will receive the commission for their sales, with the remainder being used for the operation the platform and other related structures. type tokens can used buy font packs, image packs, filter packs and more, and they will also exchangeable for ethereum, but only third-party exchanges not connected the typerium platform. the marketplace will easy for buyers use well. they will able find great content browsing through the 'best selling', 'new' and 'what's hot' sections and then either purchasing what they like licensing out. the marketplace will use typerium's own blockchain-based trust and reputation system, payment gateway, token and protection bring host benefits its users (see section for details). social media network one the central aspects typerium its social media network. this works together with the other elements provide cohesive and holistic system that makes easy for users create, share, buy and sell content. the typerium application the typerium app fast and easy use, allowing creators share their content linked social media accounts within seconds. all they have create the content, click publish, select whichever social media network they want, and will published there straight away. the social media network will help build creative community, where users can follow, like, comment and share with others. they will also able chat privately about creative ideas just catch up. all these elements will bring users together, providing community that uplifts, motivates and inspires both content creators and consumers. encourage the growth thriving and positive social network, typerium will reward users for high quality contributions. this will drive creators help each other and produce even better content. intellectual property protection typerium's blockchain technology will provide another advantage creators, allowing them timestamp their creations and intellectual property. this will provide authentication and certification that verifies the content's owner, allowing them track their content and keep safe from intellectual property thieves. does this through the concept proof existence, which allows users store the hash file that linked both the times that the file was submitted and when was created. done securely and anonymously, allowing users publicly prove that they possessed certain file data, without revealing their identity. typerium's proof existence system uses the ethereum blockchain store the file's hash immutable data structure. the advantage this that there need for central authority, users can maintain their complete anonymity. creator wants protect one their creations some intellectual property, they can use typerium store the file's hash the ethereum blockchain. this will enable them prove that they were the original creator without publicly identifying themselves, and there will doubt about the ownership the file. the typerium solution: more trust, faster cheaper payments, proprietary wallet token the typerium platform multi-layered system, and some the key aspects are its universal trust and reputation system, payment gateway, type token and wallet. all these systems will utilise blockchain technology provide ecosystem with more security, greater efficiency and lower fees. first, these aspects will developed for use within the typerium creative marketplace, but over time they will used third party online retailers (such shutterstock amazon) that they can also reap the benefits. the typerium application universal transferable system for trust reputation typerium will have its own blockchain-based trust and reputation system for use its marketplace, well for third party platforms. this system will universal, transferable, self-executing, free from control central authority, and will work flawlessly alongside the typerium payment solution. the trust and reputation system will give more control and transparency, and also reduce the incidence fraud between typerium's creators and buyers, well third party users. all transactions will recorded over the ethereum blockchain, and smart contracts will used automatically update ratings based the performance and history buyers and sellers, which will available for all see. typerium's system will have automatic conflict management system, well reviews, which will help all parties make informed decisions who they business with (see section for more details how the system works). blockchain-based payment gateway the payment gateway will used for transactions within the typerium creative marketplace first, but eventually the technology will available for third party retailers use alongside other payment methods, such paypal and credit cards. typerium's payment solution will have many advantages over traditional methods. these include: one step transactions instead transactions that are times faster (just minutes instead week for international transfers) single fee (traditional payment methods can have international transfer fees .%, chargeback fees and more) making easier accept mobile payments making chargeback fraud impossible these benefits will apply both the content creators who sell via the typerium creative marketplace, well third party merchants who integrate typerium's technology part their payment systems. the typerium payment gateway decentralised using ethereum's smart contracts, and will able accept ethereum-based cryptocurrencies. this means that creators and customers can participate global, decentralised commerce with total trust. integrated wallet type tokens the application will also include integrated mobile wallet that can used transfer type tokens across the typerium creative marketplace. the future, type tokens will also used buy and sell goods third party marketplaces. there will mobile, desktop and app wallets that will show the user's balance, transactional data, any earnings and more. users will able convert type tokens ethereum third-party exchanges. the applications and wallets will developed with the highest level security, your type tokens will kept safe and can only accessed with your private key. how typerium works how typerium works typerium's blockchain-based systems will work exactly the same, whether for content creators and buyers, for third party merchants and their clients. the trust and reputation system, mobile payments and smart contract wallet all record data the blockchain whenever transaction made, increasing transparency, automating processes, reducing fraud and much more. the universal trust reputation system the trust and reputation system will allow clients and merchants file and solve claims, rate each other and more. the smart contract will automatically change the trust level each party after transaction made; well whenever claim registered, solved unsolved; when review written. default trust ratings will set for both merchants and clients that are using the typerium ecosystem for the first time. trust rating will assigned specific wallet address. the merchant trust rating once merchant starts accepting ethereum-based currency payments through typerium, default trust-rating will created. smart contracts will automatically change the trust-rating based the actions the merchant. these include: whether the merchant reacts claims from clients they react quickly claims how clients rate the merchant for delivering products promised. were they time, advertised and good quality? whether the merchant has good reviews from clients each factor will have different weighting, and the overall trust-rating will clearly visible either the footer the merchant's website, the mobile app. the only way the merchant can increase the trust-rating providing products services advertised and good condition. the client trust-rating the client trust-rating will help reduce the likelihood fraud. once client buys something from merchant using typerium for the first time, the default trust-rating will automatically created and linked their wallet address. the client trust-rating will then updated automatically the smart contract, based how they behave. different weights will assigned different actions. for example: does the client have history claims? how many claims have they made? have they been resolved? purchase history: behaviour, frequency, etc. the trust-rating the client will available the blockchain, user-friendly interface that merchants can see once the purchase made, and also typerium's mobile app. the rare case that client acts inappropriately, this allows the merchant rate them negatively, warning future merchants wary doing business with them. how typerium works claims, reviews conflict management typerium's system will save every transaction the blockchain, along with all the important data. the following information will available: the merchant will have records transaction times, the receiving and sending wallet addresses, warranty conditions, delivery times and more. data will kept for every past transaction their profile typerium's system. the client will able see all their purchases, well the details mentioned above. the information will only available their profile the typerium mobile app. based this information, parties will have the opportunity file and resolve claims, well review and rate each other. smart contracts will automatically decrease increase the trust-rating based the actions each user. conflict resolution through smart contracts will help each party deal with situations faster, easier and with lower expenses (merchants won't have pay chargeback fees). ... use case: claims once client makes purchase, all the necessary information saved the blockchain, which the client can view the typerium app. when the client logs in, they see all the purchases they have made with their wallet address over the typerium payment gateway. there issue with particular purchase, the client can select and initiate claim providing the details and circumstances for the claim. for example, they have received product that isn't was advertised, the client can file claim, which will immediately decrease the merchant's trust-rating. this incentivises the merchant solve the problem quickly possible. the merchant will receive notification about the claim and they can contact the client off-chain. the client and merchant can then come with solution, after which, one the parties will initiate resolution pressing the "claim resolved" button the mobile app the merchant system. details how the situation was resolved (if the product was changed, the money was returned, etc.) must also provided, and they are saved the blockchain. the other party will get the notification, read through the details and can then agree pressing "claim resolved". once the claim resolved, the trust rating instantly increased for both parties. ... use case: reviews clients and merchants will able write reviews about each other. written reviews will carry more weight trust-ratings than transactions without reviews. clients will able see the merchant's past reviews the mobile app, while merchants will see the reviews that clients have written about them their system. all reviews will automatically affect the trust-rating the client and the merchant. how typerium works sales contracts typerium can also used enforce sales contracts. merchant chooses offer -day return policy with questions asked, smart contract can used implement it. these kinds policies can used merchants separate themselves from their competitors. the smart contracts will ensure that merchants and consumers are respecting their commitments each other, while the rating system will reflect their past actions. fraud typerium's trust-rating system will key driver reducing fraud the platform. with everyone's ability view the purchase histories, reviews and ratings each party that they deal with, any individual who has previously acted inappropriately, will easy spot. this allows all parties make informed decisions about their transactions and provides safer e-commerce environment for everyone. the typerium payment gateway typerium's system will available third party platforms use for payments, just like paypal credit cards. its underlying technology will provide range advantages the merchants that implement it. how typerium's mobile payments work when clients shop online, they will pick their items and add them their cart like normal, but when they pay, they will select the typerium gateway instead the other available options, such credit card paypal. the payment amount will converted from traditional currency the selected ethereum-based token real-time. code will then generated, which the client scans with any crypto-wallet their mobile app and presses "send". the transaction will show the blockchain within five minutes and will normally confirmed fifteen minutes. once confirmed, the tokens will arrive the merchant's wallet. the confirmation time all depends how busy the ethereum network is, although there are range projects that aim help ethereum with scaling, that can handle more transactions per second. the merchant can then use crypto exchange such kraken convert their type tokens their desired currency (eth, btc, usd, eur etc.). merchants will able choose how often crypto tokens are sent third-party exchanges, the local currency they want them exchanged to, when the money will sent their bank account, and more. how typerium reduces payment fees transaction times typerium easy, fast, cheap and guaranteed smart contracts. the picture below shows how blockchain technology changes the method payment. the transaction will directly from the client the merchant, ditching the intermediaries, which saves merchants huge amount time and money. the merchant will longer have close settle anything, because happens the same time the transaction. there only one step instead how typerium works because the payment goes directly from the client the merchant, arrives after about fifteen minutes, instead the two weeks that can sometimes take for traditional transfers. instead having pay different fees through standard payment gateways, merchants that use typerium will only have pay one: flat fee .%. typerium will also put end the unfairly high chargeback fees that merchants sometimes have pay. there situation where the merchant agrees send the money back the client, they just send back and only pay the transaction fee. typerium's fee structure transparent with hidden fees loopholes the fine print. how the typerium wallet works merchant's typerium wallet acts like bank account, storing funds and enforcing security. the biggest difference that with typerium, the account only controlled the merchant, opposed normal bank accounts where the bank has control. banks run the databases that show your account's status and whether money available for particular transaction, when you use them, you have trust the bank for the safety your money. typerium shifts this balance power. because decentralised, will not able suspend, hold prevent any transactions. instead, typerium creates permissionless transactions that will instantly guaranteed smart contracts. typerium removes the uncertainty associated with not knowing where money and why it's being withheld. case study: how typerium's merchant fees work practice steve the owner small e-commerce store that sells t-shirts for has always been frustrated the high transaction fees that has had pay banks and other intermediaries. one day, found out about typerium through financial news article and decided try out. only took him few minutes get started and now the transaction money goes directly from the buyer into his account. steve can now accept mobile payments and also pays significantly less for his transactions. steve used pay the purchase price fees, plus fixed rate between and for each transaction. now pays just with typerium, which averages out about five times cheaper. case study: typerium's improved transaction times for years, david has had online business that sells various home appliances customers from around the world. the delay between the sale and the funds showing his account frustrates him, since there genuine reason for such inconvenience. the client local, the funds show his bank account within three days. the client from the other side the world, may take week. has trust the client and the banks because ships the product before receives the funds, and the funds could also held the payment gateway for week. because the time takes for him receive the money, often experiences cash flow problems and not able pay his suppliers. one day, david's friend told him about typerium and how only takes about fifteen minutes receive the money after purchase made. with typerium, david can also accept mobile payments. longer has trust banks payment gateways, which has solved his cash flow problems. receives the funds, can ship products instantly and can order more products without the fear not being able pay his suppliers. product architecture development timeline product architecture development timeline typerium's application features range different elements, including its content creation software, marketplace, social network, reputation system, payment gateway, token and protection. these will rolled out stages, focusing first applying the technology typerium's own marketplace before integrating its solutions with third parties. smart contracts workflows typerium's payment solution and reputation system will work together top the ethereum blockchain. the number smart contracts, more detailed structure, and further information functionality will finalised during development. illustrate the intended functionality, have created sample workflows that illustrate the purchasing and claiming processes, well how they affect the trust-rating for both parties. the client makes purchase: client visits eshop selects items chooses pay with ethereum using any wallet client scans code code then generated typerium servers. display merchant information/settings purchase details blockchain merchant settings validated yes payment gateway shows successful transaction cancel the intent purchase merchant notified based those settings store conditions merchant trust rating updated client trust rating updated details why the payment was unsucessful product architecture development timeline the sample workflows shown below demonstrate what happens when the client initiates claim, which then resolved together with the merchant. will introduce incentives for merchants and clients handle the claims quickly and keep the trust level high for both sides. the client files claim: open typerium wallet locate purchase client disputed view purchase information such warranty, delivery, etc. blockchain files dispute claim merchant settings validated dispute details logged and saved merchant trust level updated merchant will receive claim notification alert notification client outlining claim registered product architecture development timeline the merchant responds the claim, finds solution with the client and provides the resolution details: merchant locates unresolved claim sets agreed claim resolution blockchain merchant sets claim resolution client receives notification client takes action within days trust-level restored the previous rating the client and the merchant then resolve the claim "offline" through typerium's offchain messaging system. after both parties agree the resolution terms, the merchant enters them (such returning the money, shipping out new product, etc.) into their user interface. the resolution terms are saved the blockchain. the merchant then waits for the client's confirmation. product architecture development timeline the client then confirms the resolution: blockchain the client confirms within hours the merchant receives client receives trust points client receives notification within typerium wallet client authorises that the dispute has been resolved the claim resolved quickly, the merchant will get larger boost their trust-rating. the client's trust rating also upgraded once the claim has been resolved. product architecture development timeline intended product architecture merchant stores merchant configuration retail (pos integration) e-commerce (trust integration) (payment integration) merchant manage profile manage (smart wallet manage your claims manage reporting payment integration (e=commerce) (pos) (in-app) trust-rating integration the ehtereum blockchain payment: merchant: deal conditions lawful warranty info for parties including updated trust ratings public trust ratings public merchant profiles decentralised wallet settings client: claim: public trust ratings decentralized wallet conditions resolution validation trust rating for parties involved typerium mobile wallet: dispute management transaction history transaction details client product architecture development timeline product development roadmap this product development timeline may not final and subject change, depending the feedback receive from our initial customers. phase type protocol this the technology that powers the typerium ecosystem and the app. phase typerium wallet development the typerium wallet will allow users store and send type tokens. phase decentralised typerium application platform alpha the alpha version the typerium application will demonstrate the overall functions, allow testing and give time fix any bugs. phase decentralised typerium application platform beta the beta version will more refined and updated version the application that ready roll out the market. phase multi platform development this will include direct social media integration and desktop downloadable version. phase integrate type tokens global payment method typerium will begin offering type tokens payment method for online content platforms. market opportunity market opportunity typerium's multi-faceted approach comes along time when many market forces are extremely favourable. there genuine need for many the solutions that typerium provides, with the capital and technology ready support it. the rapid growth e-commerce share retail sales according statista, retail e-commerce sales were worth us$. trillion throughout the world they are projected increase us$. trillion these high levels growth are also illustrated the number shops created the shopify platform. eiracube report shows that there were shops, and the end there were almost that's growth about over year span. according other statista figures, the number people buying goods services online will increase from billion over billion these figures show that there tremendous potential the market for typerium's payment solution. the explosive growth mobile digital payments according the boston consulting group, the payment industry about experience huge shift due range technological developments. cryptocurrency and blockchain technology, smartphone penetration, easier digital payments, the internet things, cloud computing and biometrics are all technologies that are changing the way that consumers pay for their goods and services. market opportunity according the financial times, chinese mobile payments were almost times more common than mobile payments this because wechat and alipay users only have scan code that appears the retailer's terminal provide payment. when the adopts similarly simple system, can expect see widespread adoption mobile payments there well. much this growth expected due the added convenience and acceptance in-app payments and proximity transactions. typerium's mobile payment solution will only add this convenience, ready take advantage the opportunity the market. the booming digital asset economy world economic forum report estimated that global gdp will stored blockchain technology which astronomical amount. one the key platforms the blockchain community, ethereum, has also been growing huge rate, which you can see the graph below: this exceptional growth based both the value ethereum itself, and the many ethereum-based tokens that are being used range applications. typerium will built top ethereum, take advantage both its cutting-edge technology and the rapid rise the platform. some major players the cryptocurrency sector, such roger ver, suspect that ethereum will soon overtake bitcoin the top cryptocurrency, because facilitates the creation ecosystem that bitcoin cannot match. the transaction times and costs per bitcoin transaction are also too high for everyday use. business model business model revenue model typerium will charge merchants transaction fee .%. typerium's flat transaction fee significantly lower than traditional payment methods, which charge around the total plus us$., top the for international transfers. when something sold the typerium creative marketplace, the seller will receive with the remainder being used for the operation the platform and other related structures. charity typerium wants more than just provide convenient and cheap solutions creators and businesses. responsible company, sees itself having role helping make the world better place. accordance with this attitude, the typerium foundation will donating all raised funds and future profits charities and other organisations throughout the world. the typerium foundation will this with two year structure that will allow the company make donations each quarter. after the two initial donations, typerium will reach out its users help select the causes that they want help. the community will then come together and vote whether they want the money assigned help the homeless, animal rescue, mental health variety other causes. the more typerium grows, not only will able help more people with the solutions that its technology provides, but the more money will able donate legitimitate and good causes worldwide. marketing strategy the network effect the marketing strategy focuses creating network effect with typerium's decentralised trust and reputation system. the bowling pin strategy will also used, starting off with niche market (the existing cryptocurrency community), then moving other niches and broader markets. stage supply side the marketing strategy focuses creating network effect with typerium's decentralised trust and reputation system. the bowling pin strategy will also used, starting off with niche market (the existing crypto community), then moving other niches and broader markets. stage education this stage, the main goal educate the initial client base the crypto community. the main value propositions typerium are its decentralised trust system, reduced fees and lack spending limit. stage broader market adoption just like its initial stages expansion into the crypto community, typerium will focus the supply side first and work become accepted even more locations globally. business model will then focus educating the general public. supply will increase exposure and people will more willing try through trusted merchants. once more consumers are willing pay with their mobile phones trusted merchants, more merchants will join the network that they don't lose out their competitors. the chart below shows how the typerium ecosystem will grow: ecosystem ecosystem ecosystem ... how the network effect works the marketing strategy focuses creating network effect with typerium's decentralised trust and reputation system. the bowling pin strategy will also used, starting off with niche market (the existing crypto community), then moving other niches and broader markets. focusing first the supply side, typerium will making its network significantly more useful. once its product achieves certain scale utility, users will realise its benefits and demand will soon come meet supply. more users join in, the network will become even more valuable and the effect starts drive itself. the diagram below shows how the network effect takes hold. loyalty and rewards typerium has plans create schemes reward type token holders for their support, and support merchants rewarding their loyal clients, order encourage network effect and create thriving ecosystem for the typerium token. typerium currently working with its service providers creating structure that will support this happen. type tokens not and will not respresent right future commissions. crowd sale details crowd sale details the typerium crowd sale and the corresponding token creation process will issued typerium limited and organised using smart contracts running typeriumethereum. participants who wish support the development the typerium project, can sending ether currency the designated address. issuer typerium limited legal qualification utility token soft cap $,, (fixed eth ($) hard cap $,, total type tokens ,,, total type for crowd sale total type for reserves total type for team total type for ecosystem total type for charity total type for bounty total type for advisors start date pre-sale/token sale may june the "soft" cap will set the crowd sale goal, this equates roughly $,, usd worth ethereum (fixed eth($.)) being received from purchasers. this amount subject change. the crowdsale period will endure for longer than (seventy) days, until the "hard" cap ($,, usd worth ethereum) reached, whichever sooner. the "soft cap" reached prior the end the (seventy) day crowd sale period, additional purchases type tokens purchasers will permissible ,,, type tokens being sold total. this the total type tokens existence. should the contributions received during this (seventy) day period deemed insufficient cover the operating and development costs ("soft" cap), purchaser funds will returned per the ethereum smart contract. crowd sale details erc- tokens that are not sold during the crowd sale period will burned automatically, per the ethereum smart contract. the purchasing rate type tokens reflective the market price eth/usd. the minimum purchase contribution worth ethereum. the erc- tokens purchased will sent the purchasers wallet immediately. each purchaser's tokens will locked for four months the smart contract help combat volatility. example, purchaser buys type tokens, they can freely sell and trade them, but the other will locked for four month period. once this period ends, the purchaser can sell trade them they please. the bonus program, purchaser will receive percentage bonus type tokens addition the sum they have purchased, according the percentages listed above. pre-sale details typerium's has plans create schemes reward type token holders for their support, and support merchants rewarding their loyal clients. pre-sale: may -june tokens sell: type bonus program: round (%), round (%), round (%), round (%), round (%). based ascending order. initial price: type eth token delivery date: business days after the token sale token sale details token sale: june july tokens sell: type bonus program: the bonus program for the pre-sale only soft cap: type blockchain: ethereum erc token ticker: type token delivery date: business days after the token sale token economy pre-sale the pre-sale will only remain open for the amount time takes sell out. this could day one, could the full five weeks. please bear this mind you are looking invest later date. exchanges once the token sale has reached its soft cap, typerium will concentrate applying for the list type tokens multiple exchanges. typerium will not host create exchange. exchange activities must conducted with third party exchanges. funds received from the token sale will set aside for this process, because understand how important this for purchasers. crowd sale details type tokens type tokens are the exclusive method payment for the services the type protocol. the token's utility will created via its usage typerium customers through the typerium platform. type tokens are erc compatible, ensuring the highest degree security and integration within the type protocol ecosystem and decentralised typerium platform. all tokens that are not sold through the token sale will burned. the typerium token will ethereum-based token. ethereum-based tokens rely the well-established ethereum infrastructure, benefiting from several advantages: security and predictability (as opposed running independent blockchain network). the use robust and well-supported clients (ethereum-based tokens can managed with official ethereum clients). high liquidity (interchangeable with other ethereum-based tokens ether), easier listing third-party exchanges with infrastructure already place. our ethereumbased token contract complies with the erc standard. more detailed info about the erc standard can obtained here. budget field portion budget activities product development product development operations management, salaries, contractors, outsource. legal establishing the company, legal advice, jurisdiction, contracts, etc. contingency for incidental expenses foundation fund allocated for charity legal legal general information the typerium token does not have the legal qualification security, since does not give any rights dividends interest. the sale type tokens final and nonrefundable. typerium tokens are not shares and not give any right participate the general operations management typerium. typerium tokens cannot have performance particular value outside the typerium platform. typerium tokens shall therefore not used purchased for speculative investment purposes. the purchaser typerium tokens aware that national securities laws, which ensure that purchasers are sold purchases that include all the proper disclosures and are subject regulatory scrutiny for the purchasers' protection, are not applicable. anyone purchasing typerium tokens expressly acknowledges and represents that she/he has carefully reviewed this white paper and fully understands the risks, costs and benefits associated with the purchase typerium. knowledge required the purchaser typerium tokens undertakes that she/he understands and has significant experience cryptocurrencies, blockchain systems and services, and that she/he fully understands the risks associated with the crowd sale well the mechanism related the use cryptocurrencies (incl. storage). typerium shall not responsible for any loss typerium tokens situations making impossible access typerium tokens, which may result from any actions omissions the user any person undertaking acquire typerium tokens, well case hacker attacks. risks acquiring typerium tokens and storing them involves various risks, particular the risk that typerium may not able launch its operations and develop its blockchain and provide the services promised. therefore, and prior acquiring typerium tokens, any user should carefully consider the risks, costs and benefits acquiring typerium tokens the context the crowd sale and, necessary, obtain any independent advice this regard. any interested person who not the position accept understand the risks associated with the activity (incl. the risks related the non-development the typerium platform) any other risks indicated the terms conditions the crowd sale should not acquire typerium tokens. important disclaimer this white paper shall not and cannot considered invitation enter into investment. does not constitute relate any way nor should considered offering securities any jurisdiction. this white paper does not include contain any information indication that might considered recommendation that might used basis for any investment decision. typerium tokens are just utility tokens which can used only the typerium platform and are not intended used investment. the offering typerium tokens trading platform done order allow the use thetyperium platform and not for speculative purposes. the offering typerium tokens trading platform does not change the legal qualification the tokens, which remain simple means for the use the typerium platform and are not security. legal typerium not considered advisor any legal, tax or, financial matters, provider investment advice. any information the white paper provided for general information purposes only, and typerium does not provide any warranty the accuracy and completeness this information. typerium not financial intermediary according swiss law and not required obtain any authorization for anti money laundering purposes. acquiring typerium tokens shall not grant any right influence over typerium's organisation and governance the purchasers. regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing businesses and operations associated cryptocurrencies the world. that respect, regulatory measures, investigations actions may impact typerium's business and even limit prevent from developing its operations the future. any person undertaking acquire typerium tokens must aware the typerium's business model, the white paper terms and conditions may change need modified because new regulatory and compliance requirements from any applicable laws any jurisdictions. such case, purchasers and anyone undertaking acquire typerium tokens acknowledge and understand that neither typerium nor any its affiliates shall held liable for any direct indirect loss damage caused such changes. typerium will its utmost launch its operations and develop the typerium platform. anyone undertaking acquire typerium tokens acknowledges and understands that typerium does not provide any guarantee that will manage achieve it. they acknowledge and understand therefore that typerium limited (incl. its bodies and employees) assumes liability responsibility for any loss damage that would result from relate the incapacity use typerium tokens, except case intentional misconduct gross negligence. representation warranties participating the crowd sale, the purchaser agrees the above and particular, they represent and warrant that they: have read carefully the terms and conditions attached the white paper agree their full contents and accept legally bound them are authorized and have full power purchase typerium tokens according the laws that apply their jurisdiction domicile are neither citizen resident live jurisdiction which allows typerium sell typerium tokens through crowd sale without requiring any local authorization are familiar with all related regulations the specific jurisdiction which they are based and that purchasing cryptographic tokens that jurisdiction not prohibited, restricted subject additional conditions any kind will not use the crowd sale for any illegal activity, including but not limited money laundering and the financing terrorism have sufficient knowledge about the nature the cryptographic tokens and have significant experience with, and functional understanding of, the usage and intricacies dealing with cryptographic tokens and currencies and blockchain-based systems and services purchase typerium tokens because they wish have access the typerium platform; are not purchasing typerium tokens for the purpose speculative investment usage. legal governing law arbitration any dispute controversy arising from under the crowd sale shall resolved arbitration accordance with the rules international arbitration force the date when the notice arbitration submitted accordance with these rules. the arbitration panel shall consist one arbitrator only. the place the arbitration shall london, uk. the arbitral proceedings shall conducted english. team team typerium team alex haigh chief executive officer alex the founder the uk's leading online font technology development and licensing business, hypefortype. now provides more than fonts million users countries. hypefortype has developed technologies that bring type screen, consumer products, user interfaces and provide substantial commercial value for the world's leading brands. these include adidas, apple, disney, google, loreal, nestle, nickelodeon, nike, selfridges, sky tv, starbucks, sony and vogue. vitally marinchenko senior blockchain developer vitally experienced senior blockchain engineer who was integral part the team accenture, company that partners with more than three-quarters the fortune global drive innovation and improve the way the world works and lives. jonathan davoine investor relations jonathan has broad range experience handling investment assets for high net worth individuals such entrepreneurs, celebrities and royalty. with strong network existing relationships, jonathan will help drive typerium forward through investment, public relations, acquisitions, and sponsorship. team preston collins indepedent forex consultant michael murphy indepedent liquidity consultant rick banks brand design lead dean robinson community manager jeff ulrich indepedent charity consultant advisory team ming ooi growth advisor ming has managed startups that have launched tech platforms the medical, real estate and consumer sectors. each was "blue ocean" technology that was brand new the space. has also helped develop and launch consumer products mindsinsync for major retailers such amazon, costco, target and walmart. jose laureano blockchain advisor jose blockchain technologist with extensive knowledge and experience the design and development enterprise grade software architecture. has experience developing solutions for the dow jones and continually improves the overall synergy within organisations. jose and his team developers were key part delivering the wraith protocol for the verge currency project. frank martinez legal advisor frank has had distinguished career across many different sectors including art, design and patent examining. served design patent examiner the u.s. patent and trademark office and associate several law firms, before founding the martinez group pllc frank has worked closely with designers, engineers and entrepreneurs, having drafted licences and other documents for use companies such google, apple, facebook, microsoft, honeywell, at&t, rim, orange, nike, american express, bbc, samsung, sony, bloomberg and british telecom. frank earned mba and now taking advanced management courses harvard business school's hbx program. frank also learning code python code academy and has studied cryptocurrency technologies princeton university's coursera program. reference list anderson, (). consumers trust online reviews much personal recommendations search engine land. [online] search engine land. available at: https://searchengineland.com/-consumers-trust-online-reviews-muchpersonal-recommendations- [accessed feb. jenkins, (). exploring the freelance workforce [online] ipse.co.uk. available at: https://www.ipse.co.uk/uploads/assets/uploaded/dedfb-a-cbaffcf.pdf [accessed feb. econsultancy. (). consumers consult reviews when making purchase. [online] available at: https://www.econsultancy.com/blog/--of-consumersconsult-reviews-when-making-a-purchase [accessed feb. ft.com. (). china mobile payments dwarf those fintech booms, research shows. [online] available at: https://www.ft.com/content/-ef-e-f-be [accessed feb. lexisnexis.com. (). lexisnexis(r) true cost fraud study. [online] available at: https://www.lexisnexis.com/risk/downloads/assets/true-cost-fraud-.pdf [accessed feb. statista. (). global retail e-commerce sales [online] available at: https://www.statista.com/statistics//worldwide-retail-e-commerce-sales/ [accessed feb. statista. (). digital buyers worldwide [online] available at: https://www.statista.com/statistics//number-of-digital-buyers-worldwide/ [accessed feb. steemit.com. (). eira cube revolution for the commerce industry. [online] available at: https://steemit.com/eiracube/@hesh/eira-cube-revolution-for-the-ecommerce-industry [accessed feb. typerium limited registered office: old street london, england united kingdom thank you