network: decentralized protocol for publishing and valuing online content white paper version draft for open community review and subject change. important notice important notice nothing this whitepaper constitutes legal, financial, business tax advice and you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional adviser(s) before engaging any activity connection herewith. neither ugc foundation ltd. (the foundation), any the project team members who have worked network (as defined herein) project develop network any way whatsoever (the network team), any distributor/vendor sugar (the distributor), nor any service provider shall liable for any kind direct indirect damage loss whatsoever which you may suffer connection with accessing this whitepaper, the website https://u.network (the website) any other websites materials published the foundation. all contributions will applied towards the foundation's objects, including without limitation promoting the research, design and development of, and advocacy for decentralized, user-generated content-value driven prediction market ecosystem based fairness and quality which provides reasonable economic model incentivise content creators, while also benefiting content customers and explorers, thus promoting the generation high-quality content. this whitepaper intended for general informational purposes only and does not constitute prospectus, offer document, offer securities, solicitation for investment, any offer sell any product, item asset (whether digital otherwise). the information herein below may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. there assurance the accuracy completeness such information and representation, warranty undertaking purported provided the accuracy completeness such information. where this whitepaper includes information that has been obtained from third party sources, the foundation and/or the network team have not independently verified the accuracy completion such information. further, you acknowledge that circumstances may change and that this whitepaper may become outdated result; and the foundation under obligation important notice update correct this document connection therewith. the distributor sugar shall affiliate the foundation. this whitepaper does not constitute any offer the foundation, the distributor the network team sell any sugar (as defined herein) nor shall any part nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. nothing contained this whitepaper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance network. the agreement between the distributor and you, relation any sale and purchase sugar governed only the separate terms and conditions such agreement. accessing this whitepaper any part thereof, you represent and warrant the foundation, its affiliates, and the network team follows: (a) any decision purchase any sugar, you have not relied any statement set out this whitepaper; (b) you will and shall your own expense ensure compliance with all laws, regulatory requirements and restrictions applicable you (as the case may be); (c) you acknowledge, understand and agree that sugar may have value, there guarantee representation value liquidity for sugar, and sugar not for speculative investment; (d) none the foundation, its affiliates, and/or the network team members shall responsible for liable for the value sugar, the transferability and/or liquidity sugar and/or the availability any market for sugar through third parties otherwise; and (e) you acknowledge, understand and agree that you are not eligible purchase any sugar you are citizen, national, resident (tax otherwise), domiciliary and/or green card holder geographic area country (i) where likely that the sale sugar would construed the sale security (howsoever named) investment product and/or (ii) which access participation the sugar token sale network prohibited applicable law, decree, regulation, treaty, administrative act, and/or (including without limitation the united states america, canada, new zealand, people's republic china and the republic korea). the foundation, the distributor and the network team not and not purport make, and hereby disclaims, all representations, warranties undertaking any entity important notice person (including without limitation warranties the accuracy, completeness, timeliness reliability the contents this whitepaper any other materials published the foundation). the maximum extent permitted law, the foundation, the distributor, their related entities and service providers shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including, without limitation, any liability arising from default negligence the part any them, any loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data) arising from the use this whitepaper any other materials published, its contents otherwise arising connection with the same. prospective purchasers sugar should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties (including financial and legal risks and uncertainties) associated with the sugar token sale, the foundation, the distributor and the network team. the information set out this whitepaper for community discussion only and not legally binding. the agreement for sale and purchase sugar and/or continued holding sugar shall governed separate set terms and conditions token purchase agreement (as the case may be) setting out the terms such purchase and/or continued holding sugar (the terms and conditions), which shall separately provided you made available the website. the event any inconsistencies between the terms and conditions and this whitepaper, the terms and conditions shall prevail. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. this only conceptual whitepaper describing the future development goals for network developed. this whitepaper may amended replaced from time time. there are obligations update this whitepaper provide recipients with access any information beyond what provided this whitepaper. all statements contained this whitepaper, statements made press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made the foundation, the distributor and/or the network team may constitute forward-looking statements (including statements regarding intent, belief current expectations with respect market conditions, business strategy and plans, financial condition, specific provisions and risk management practices). you important notice are cautioned not place undue reliance these forward-looking statements given that these statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results materially different from that described such forward-looking statements, and independent third party has reviewed the reasonableness any such statements assumptions. these forward-looking statements are applicable only the date this whitepaper and the foundation and the network team expressly disclaims any responsibility (whether express implied) release any revisions these forward-looking statements reflect events after such date. the use any company and/or platform names trademarks herein (save for those which relate the foundation its affiliates) does not imply any affiliation with, endorsement by, any third party. references this whitepaper specific companies and platforms are for illustrative purposes only. this whitepaper may translated into language other than english and the event conflict ambiguity between the english language version and translated versions this whitepaper, the english language version shall prevail. you acknowledge that you have read and understood the english language version this whitepaper. part this whitepaper copied, reproduced, distributed disseminated any way without the prior written consent the foundation. abstract abstract network revolutionary protocol for publishing and valuing online content that helps online content platforms better align with the interests their users. does this rewarding content creators more for their work, letting users earn money for predicting popular content, making easier discover high quality content, and allowing all users part content moderation and governance decisions. the first online content community powered network will community, digital asset information community. network aims build prediction market user-generated content. constructing robust pricing system for content, network incentivizes users spot high-value content and share with the network. community layered top network. community, there are four types users: content creators, content explorers, community moderators, and regular users. using prediction market for content, community will sustainably generate high quality content, helping users interested blockchain technology learn more about various digital assets. return for their work, content creators, explorers, moderators will rewarded with sugar, the internal fuel network, making positive-sum-game for all community users. community will deployed the network native blockchain with highaccessibility, high-performance, and low latency. network will construct decentralized, user-generated content ecosystem driven fairness and quality. keywords: digital asset, prediction market, blockchain, content reward https://u.network table contents contents chap. introduction.......................................................................................... preface ................................................................................................ discover high-quality content................................................................ construct prediction market based content value ................................ brief history online content and monetization ................................... countertrend online monetization................................................ new reward systems for content networks emerge................................... brief history online content discovery mechanisms ........................... problem statement and network's purpose............................................. network's solution, benefits, and differentiated approach ....................... community blockchain community ................................................ ..a content-value driven blockchain community............................... chap. design................................................................................................. system design ...................................................................................... mechanism behind content-value prediction market ................................ basic reward schema................................................................. adjustable reward scheme.......................................................... content reward pool .................................................................. receiving points ........................................................................ delayed settlement..................................................................... downvote ................................................................................. chap. functionality design............................................................................ information discovery ........................................................................ infuse content with sugar .................................................................... internet fans-celebrity economy ........................................................... chap. community system solution.............................................................. product design ................................................................................... topic mechanism ....................................................................... follow and subscribe.................................................................. content ranking ........................................................................ vii table contents community roles................................................................................ regular users ............................................................................ content creators ........................................................................ content explorers ...................................................................... community moderators............................................................... functionalities sugar........................................................................ incentives for content creators, explorers, and moderators............... socialized investment, smart-contract based co-investing ................ survey, voting, prediction market ................................................. advertisement ........................................................................... gift .......................................................................................... paid subscription, paid q&a, pay message ................................ chap. network public chain....................................................................... system architecture ............................................................................. consensus protocol ............................................................................. transaction protocol ............................................................................ application use case........................................................................... platform for paid digital literature ............................................... blockchain content platform ....................................................... q&a content platform ............................................................... blog, forum ugc content platform.............................................. content aggregating platform ...................................................... social media platform................................................................. music, audio, short video, long video, stream ............................. chap. business vision................................................................................... ugc community for global digital assets holders ..................................... network evolution ........................................................................... future network ........................................................................... chap. sugar issuance plan ............................................................................. sugar distribution ............................................................................... token sale fund allocation .................................................................. chap. roadmap ........................................................................................... references ..................................................................................................... viii chap. introduction chap. introduction preface the age information overload, people are overwhelmed redundant content. it's also getting harder judge the authenticity content. this creates environment where high-value information hard find and diluted noise. people are longer worried about lack information but rather repetitive abundance it. this one the internet's core problems determining important information with speed and efficiency. network aims build blockchain community driven quality and value, ensuring that high quality content can easily stand out and that content creators are rewarded accordingly. discover high-quality content how make high-quality content stand out? think it's optimal use economic principles construct model which content priced according its quality, and the price important indicator measure content quality. propose building prediction market for content. this idea derived from the efficient markets hypothesis.! the efficient market was first introduced bachelier, who recognized the efficiency the market selecting information. the discountings past, present, and future events have their reflections the prices the market. assume investors the market are rational and are looking for their self interest maximizing their own profits, and can assume each individual has independent analysis the value content. therefore, it's practical use the wisdom the crowd set price for each content, where the price close prediction the true value content. construct prediction market based content value how construct prediction market based the content value? prediction market platform where people trade the outcome events. people can predict and gain profit the prediction correct. the reward distribution follows jordan. the efficient markets hypothesis. econometrica, wolfers, zitzewitz, wolfers, al. prediction markets. economic perspectives, network: decentralized protocol for publishing and valuing online content simple yet robust principle: reward transferred from inaccurate predictors accurate ones. knowing this rule, people would try their best efforts gather more information make their predictions logical order claim the reward. our construction the network prediction market follows simple yet robust idea. users can vote rate content, and user thinks the current prediction price content lower than the actual value, she can upvote raise the price. the cost upvoting goes the increase the price the content. the final price gets higher than the predicted price, the user can gain monetary reward. newprice current price cost upvote the rise blockchain technology has paved the ground for building content-oriented prediction market that deploys perfect competition and fair rewarding incentivize individuals explore high-quality content. the internal fuel network reward system sugar, similar the gas ethereum []. hope users would spot high-quality content the same way bees spot ripe flowers for pollen and nectar. brief history online content and monetization before diving further into network's platform for online content, it's helpful look brief history online content and how has been monetized over time. this helps better understand the problems and solutions that have been encountered along the way, leading better judge the current situation and feasible solutions. the first web page went live august th, was simple site, without ads, that explained the vision behind the world wide web make "academic information freely accessible anyone".(r) the early most web pages were created academic institutions magazines, and mostly contained plain text and hyperlinks other sites. over the next few years, the number web pages grew exponentially, and online content providers started think about ways monetize. hotwired.com (the online website for wired magazine) launched its site and introduced new business model for the web: sponsored banner ads.- one the first well-known ads this site was clickable banner for at&t that took users page that listed all the museums the world that had web pages. over the next years, digital advertising grew become the (r) http://info.cern.ch/hypertext/www/summary.html http://www.internethistorypodcast.com///the-webs-first-banner-ads/ chap. introduction dominant form online content monetization. yahoo debuted search ads. google developed adwords. and facebook rolled out social ads. twitter launched promoted tweets that appear user feeds. digital advertising market had grown over $b. deg the global all this supported massive growth content shared and consumed online. countertrend online monetization jack conte founded patreon, online content site designed help content creators raise money directly from fans for their work. founded the site after noticing that youtube video created had amassed around million views and cost make. even with all that traffic, youtube only paid him revenue share, cementing his belief that large platforms like youtube weren't fairly distributing the value created content creators. and instead monetizing patreon with ads, jack decided monetize the site taking share the payments from supporters creators, helping better align the platform the interests users and creators. williams, the founder twitter and medium, shook the world when announced that medium would move away from its traditional ad-supported publishing model, stating that "ad-driven media the internet [is broken system]". his core belief was that advertising was not the right solution the big problem driving payment for quality content. what's needed, said, new model for writers and creators rewarded based the value they're creating for people". place its ad-driven model, medium launched paid subscriptions better reward its content creators. new reward systems for content networks emerge small team launched new online content platform named steemit. steemit was designed social media and blogging platform that rewards both creators and users digital currency for their value contribution the network. steemit was unique for several reasons: first, pioneered the creation decentralized online content network powered blockchain; second, paid out rewards deg http://www.adweek.com/digital/heres-timeline-showing--years-after-banner-ad-/ https://www.recode.net/////-digital-ad-spend-advertising-beat-tv https://patreonhq.com/creators-have-made-m-on-patreon-ddfcc https://blog.medium.com/renewing-mediums-focus-fabe steemit not decentralized compared system like bitcoin, but decentralized when compared with more traditional internet platform systems. network: decentralized protocol for publishing and valuing online content content creators based the number upvotes they received; third, paid out rewards commenters based upvotes that they received; forth, paid out rewards users who deposited money the platform; and fifth, allowed all users (content creators and consumers) share the value created the platform through holding digital currency whose value rose demand for the service increased. steemit created model that demonstrates the promise the decentralized web namely, that new types networks powered blockchain and denominated cryptocurrency can enable more exciting incentives for user engagement, and that these networks allow users finally share more equally the value created the growth the platform. that said, steemit's model has some weaknesses. specifically, steemit doesn't charge users upvote, leading tragedy the commons outcome the emergence paid upvote bots these are bots that authors can pay mass upvote their content, artificially making seem like many users have upvoted the content. upvoting supposed way rank higher quality content, then system which votes can bought artificially will have weaker content discovery mechanism, reducing value for the participants the network. brief history online content discovery mechanisms content discovery has been critical part the internet ever since the world wide web grew popularity during the some the earliest highest-valued internet companies like yahoo and google started out providing better way for users find and retrieve high quality, relevant content via search engine. birthed many search engines like yahoo that started off manually adding web pages and their descriptions index that users could search. soon, companies like lycos began innovate designing relevance algorithms that indexed entire sites and matched for word proximity. sites like altavista began support natural language queries that made easier for users find content they wanted. the entire game changed when google launched. google's pagerank algorithm took more innovative approach determining the quality online content: https://techcrunch.com////a-decentralized-web-would-give-power-back-to-the-people-online https://steemit.com/steem/@fknmayhem/rethinking-the-position-of-upvote-bots-in-the-steem-ecosystemwithout-smts https://www.wordstream.com/articles/internet-search-engines-history chap. introduction measuring the number links between pages. google's founders, then ph.d students stanford university, were inspired the fact that high quality research papers were usually cited large number other papers. james surowiecki, the widely read book the wisdom the crowds, described this innovation below: "in essence, google interprets link from page page vote, page for page google assesses page's importance the votes receives. but google looks more than sheer volume votes, links; also analyzes the page that casts the vote. votes cast pages that are themselves "important" weigh more heavily and help make other pages "important." given google and pagerank's success organizing and delivering the world's online information, seems appropriate say that high quality online content discovery can achieved measuring how nodes network are "voting" for each other, taking the influence nodes into consideration. but, order for this system work, you must ensure healthy, properly incentivized content voting system. problem statement and network's purpose williams and jack conte pointed out, our current system monetizing online content broken. ad-driven models fall prey serving the needs advertisers, and most online content platforms don't distribute value fairly their creators and users. steemit has tried solve these problems cryptocurrency monetization and with more generous rewards its content authors and users, but its content discovery mechanism (voting) has been devalued bots. with network, are trying revolutionize the online content industry launching solution that solves the following problems: unequal distribution platform value users are contributing content online platforms, but these platforms are capturing unequal amount the value created users' content. creators and readers deserve rewarded more for the content and data they contribute online network. cryptonetworks like network provide new way share platform value more fairly. ineffective content discovery people need reliable way find good content. platforms like steemit, which good job giving more money creators and users, have problem with paid network: decentralized protocol for publishing and valuing online content upvote bots that harm content ranking quality. this makes harder for users quickly find good content. centralized content moderation moderators form important part online communities they decide whether not content should stay the platform, whether not people should get banned, etc. but this centralized control means that other users don't have formal way dispute decisions made moderators. network seeks change this. network's solution, benefits, and differentiated approach network prediction market and publishing protocol that helps online content platforms better align with the interests their users. does this rewarding content creators more for their work, letting users earn money for predicting popular content, making easier discover high quality content, and allowing all users part content moderation and governance decisions. for users, these are the four key benefits that network provides: get more money for your work earn money predicting popular content discover high quality content faster part content moderation and governance from high-level perspective, network has three key protocols that power these benefits: token rewards protocol solution the unequal value distribution problem. on-chain protocol for managing token rewards authors, users, and moderators and allowing users spend tokens the network. content pricing protocol solution the ineffective content discovery problem. on-chain prediction market protocol for pricing upvotes and downvotes. governance protocol solution the centralized moderation problem. governance protocol that enables users participate content moderation and governance decisions. additionally, network creating its own online content platform, community, demonstrate the unique benefits that network provides. imagine community combination medium, reddit, and steemit, but with several big differences: chap. introduction fairer distribution value capture. traditional content platforms like medium, reddit, etc, users and creators create enormous value through their intellectual efforts, but that value mostly captured the platform. community upends that model paying users more for quality upvotes, paying authors more for quality content, and paying moderators more for accurate judgements. skin-in-the-game content curation. other crowdsourced content communities like steemit, users and authors are rewarded but upvoting and downvoting free. this has led the emergence "paid upvote bots" which artificially pump the number votes for content, harming the use votes quality content discovery mechanism. using network's prediction market protocol, community eliminates this problem creating market for votes. users pay points tokens vote, and those who accurately judge the future popularity content are rewarded for their prediction accuracy. decentralized content moderation. traditional platforms, moderation content centralized and decisions are not transparent. community changes this creating staking system where users can become moderators staking deposit. this democratizes access moderation and incentivizes moderators act the best interest the community. community blockchain community content-value driven blockchain community with the high-speed development blockchain technology and increasing adoption the crowd, digital assets, especially bitcoin are longer minority investment. investors digital currency are growing exponentially. firmly believe that blockchain technology will revolutionize the way how value transferred our society. network effect, more and more people will start investing digital assets. one major problem making blockchain mainstream that are lacking contentoriented community that friendly beginner digital asset investors. it's hard get high-quality, and reliable blockchain technology related information. excessive amounts information make difficult find entry point knowing project. meanwhile, the global aspect digital asset adds the barrier for beginners learn about projects other countries. network: decentralized protocol for publishing and valuing online content it's our intention solve such problems. strive build community that provides users with useful information about digital assets, and guidance making investments. after acquiring knowledge and profits, users would willing pay for helpful content. this our first step building content-driven blockchain community. community designed and operated team with strong prior experience content-related products. community team will utilize blockchain technology, create robust economic mechanism promote content creation and distribution while ensuring fairness and competition. aim incentivize contributing users and infuse content with rewards. community provides reliable way for beginner investors and blockchain enthusiasts obtain advice from seasoned professionals. giving rating each content, construct trustworthy blockchain community, giving professional individuals and institutions opportunity stand out. chap. design chap. design system design network follows two critical principles building efficient content-value prediction market principle there ain't such thing free lunch regular efficient market, there ain't such thing free lunch. one has pay gain. community, incentivize users discover good-quality content, upvoters will rewarded with sugar the early stage. this game which return expected, thus has come with initial cost balance the expected return. therefore, each upvote would cost given amount sugar, prevent bot cheating spamming. principle fair inspired steem, it's imperative treat everyone just and fair build free and ordered market. each user the community should able get proportional rewards according their contributions. the same way start-up assign its stocks its employees with major contributions. every form "labor" should valued equally. contributing time and attentions create, discover and distribute content should valued equally one contributing money. based the principle fairness, need consistent mechanism reward those who are creating quality content. high-quality content tends inspire others and results further generation more high-quality contents. therefore, when users spend sugar upvote, the community needs assign reasonable portion sugar content creator reward their contributions. similarly, content discoverer (upvoter) should also rewarded for accuracy predicting the value content. the community implements mechanism that redistribute sugar from late upvoters early upvoters. this way early stage upvoter have higher expected return sugar. what's more, community should easily accessible every user. would the cost upvote discourage users without spare sugar from being part content discovering? the answer no, users without sugar can contribute time and attention instead network: decentralized protocol for publishing and valuing online content paying sugar. based principle no. (there ain't such thing free lunch), users can receive points spending time and energy completing meaningful tasks for the community. for example, referring friend distributing the content other social media channels. these points can used voting. can consider content-discovery traditional crypto-mining. mining requires 'electricity', and the 'electricity bill' this case can paid either sugar labor for the betterment the community. can call the process content-evaluation and prediction model 'proof foresight'. the basic principle behind that user assign sugar content author according the judgment the content, and assign sugar content explorer base the foresight each upvoter. mechanism behind content-value prediction market like said previously, the goal create efficient content-value driven prediction market. user finds the current upvotes (price) lower than their predicted price valuation, users can 'upvote' 'long' the content. every 'upvote' would cost small amount sugar (or equivalent points). this way, users participating this prediction market have chance gaining profit, reward for them discovering quality content. basic reward schema according the order upvoting, the sugar spent all users will reassigned the author the post and the people who upvoted the earlier stage. could adopt basic reward schema similar with yours.org [], the formula author reward derived from harmonic series: r=c* the total number upvotes within given period time. the rank each upvote. the sugar required for each upvote. the first person would contribute all the sugar paying the author, the second person upvoting will contribute half the cost the author. addition, good articles should get additional award from content reward pool. chap. design the reward formula for content explorer below k=s+ the rank upvoters. the total number upvoters fixed, the earlier one upvotes, the higher expected return is. this mechanism gives incentives users upvoting early stage. like previous, the second upvoter would only contribute sugar the author, the rest sugar would the first upvoter. the third upvoter would give each author, first upvoter, and the second upvoter. it's mathematically provable that the first upvoters have positive expected return. k=s+ and only |x| denotes cool-down constant. make clear, inside logc the base. for example when means can result point, will result points. put another way, the first ten voters share similar weight with the following voters, (and even voters). means that for popular post, the weight decreasing the rank voters increasing. the larger the is, the less effect late upvote has. the unit the denominator second, which equals hours. means posts one day old would have more points ranking. other words, posts one day older need have more votes sustain the original ranking. chap. community system solution community roles community composed regular users, content creators, content explorers, and community moderators. regular users regular users can receive points completing given set tasks. also, they can transit into content creators posting new content. and discovering and upvoting topics, they can content explorers. they can also chosen community moderator. content creators content creators are core member the development the community. they will receive sugar rewards according the quality generated content. content explorers content explorers are users upvote content after viewing thoroughly. content explorers can upvote topics discover quality content for the community. agreed more users, one can receive sugar rewards. community moderators community moderators are selected periodically from regular users. the probability user being selected proportional the sugar one staking. meanwhile, being selected the moderator will result sugar rewards. community moderators ensure community operating smoothly without turbulence, and have privilege determining future movement the community. one the most important privilege moderator the ability delete improper topics. prevent abuse such power, authors deleted content can appeal. the appeal request would require significant amount sugar deposit. users the community can vote the incident. each vote would cost small amount sugar prevent spam voting. after appeal period, more than half participants supports the deletion, the appeal initiator would lose the deposit and the users who supported the appeal would also lose their sugar spent the voting process. vice-versa. the formula assign rewards for the majority voter calculated follows. f)/nw network: decentralized protocol for publishing and valuing online content the reward for each users winning the appeal. the total number the users voting for the appeal. the cost casting vote. the processing fee goes the platform. the number majority. this formula ensures each voter will have use her best judgment analysis the situation gain rewards the end. therefore preventing trolls casting arbitrary votes. after the first appeal voting period there cool-down period, which either the appeal initiator the community moderator unsatisfied the result. she can start second round appeal. the extra appeal would require exponentially more deposit than the previous one. the latest appeal different from the previous one, the reward allocation for the previous one voided and the final rewards are allocated based the latest appeal result. this process repeated until both party reach agreement either one unwilling unable put down appeal deposit. community moderators will automatically assign part sugar users supporting them. however the appeal overturns the original deletion, those sugar would rewarded users who disapproved the deletion. functionalities sugar sugar represents the right use community and its related applications. it's the link between value and content and the link between users. sugar the value carrier the community. the larger users community attracts, the more quality content produced. sugar, with limited total supply, would benefits all the sugar stakeholders when the market demand increases. network users are not only customers the platform, but also beneficiaries the community thrives. incentives for content creators, explorers, and moderators match 'content contribution' with 'reward incentives', community contentbased prediction market, both quality content creator and content explorer will receive sugar rewards. each user can both 'upvote' and 'downvote' post. posts being downvoted would contained. thus trolling content would not spread across the network. there are two major sources sugar rewards for content creators and content explorers. one user purchased sugar, the other one sugar converted from reward points for completing community tasks. those points are gradually released from the system, 'content-reward pool'. there limit the daily release. all the contents have chap. community system solution contend with each other for the limited daily rewards. the 'content-reward pool' will shrink yearly. this policy set attract users early stage, and aims develop network effect build user base. the platform will charge commission for the reward assigned content creators and explorers, ensure the stability the community economy model. socialized investment, smart-contract based co-investing investors can choose upload trading strategies and order history network make future decisions organized fashion. also,seasoned investors can share their trading strategies with the whole community, and provide relevant technical fundamental analysis. other users can pay view such content, and become co-investor such strategies. with the help smart contracts, community provides decentralized, reliable way for users control their own assets, and automatically, completely imitates/clone professional investor's strategy. the following user made profit doing so, the smart contract will carry part the profit the author the original strategy. the future, users can use sugar purchase community platform investment advice from trusted third party applications. survey, voting, prediction market community will provide way for user pay survey and vote gain more insights into the information blockchain assets. community will release products with built-in prediction market. community will support native prediction markets that are extensible, efficient and accurate. advertisement good content deserves spread. users can promote information targeted readers. while spreading fake irreverent content will punished. off site collaborators will also able publish advertisements inside community. however, the content will strictly reviewed the community moderators. all the revenue will contribute the content-reward pool. gift sending sugar reward efficient way interaction between community celebrities and fans. it's good community culture pay reward those who you have network: decentralized protocol for publishing and valuing online content been receiving help from. posts receiving higher rewards will have higher exposure the community. users can pay sugar unlock extra features like medal and skins. the reward will 'content-reward pool'. the rest will received the beneficiaries. paid subscription, paid q&a, pay message users can pay sugar request private interactions with influential professionals, and receive personalized advice. there are three forms interaction: paid subscription, paid q&a, pay message. paid subscription provides way for influential individuals make monetary profit with their knowledge and influence. after receiving given amount upvotes, content creators can setup private group private channel provide more insightful information those who are willing pay sugar entry fee. users can also choose more active way interaction. after paying certain amount sugar, users can ask specific questions specific individual. the answer can set visible the public private, which other parties need pay 'peek'. the payment awarded proportionally the initiator based the quality. filter unsolicited messages, users can set minimal payment that has come with private message. money effective way filter unworthy communication and harassment. the platform takes commission from paid subscription, paid q&a, pay message. chap. network public chain chap. network public chain achieve high concurrency network applications, will develop native network public chain, which highly accessible and extensible, with low latency. expect able confirm transactions fast seconds and could concurrently process transactions per second. will support high-frequency micro payments network public chain. and will provide easy-to-use smart contract interface. more details the implementations will released our upcoming technical white paper. system architecture the product shown above. there are three major parts blockchain network verification node blockchain network service node web service node blockchain verification nodes and service nodes constitute the low level blockchain network. verification nodes are used for verifying transactions and generating new blocks. network: decentralized protocol for publishing and valuing online content service nodes are designed provide higher level service. inside community system, service nodes are subjected the community web service nodes, which provides necessary api for combining the community with the blockchain. community web service nodes are user-orientated web service. it's responsible for new user registration and posting new thread. our blockchain supports specialized sugar minting, distribution, and reward. our blockchain supports self-defined blockchain system, network, distributed storage, consensus algorithm, smart contract. different types nodes: verification nodes: verify transaction, generate next block service nodes: provide basic services like block explorer, transaction search, system info search. consensus protocol the consensus algorithm derived from improved practical byzantine fault tolerant (pbft) algorithm []. combines voting mechanism with byzantine theorem. this algorithm have fault tolerant rate verification node produced voting. only sugar stakeholders have the right vote. there will soft-fork. one confirmation enough for transaction. mining needed, energy friendly. adjustable block time. expect the block time around seconds. highly concurrent comparison traditional blockchain. transaction protocol blockchain, transaction defined the change ledger. aim make transaction types extensible, thus making forward-compatible applications. due the huge variety ugc product form, especially emphasis the extensibility the system, the growth the decentralized ugc could booming one day. therefore, making transaction types extensible, guaranteed the whole network extensible without the need change core internet protocol and consensus algorithm storage structures. the system will support following major transaction types based different scenario: chap. network public chain )asset register: used for coin mint )asset publish: allocate users digital assets )asset transfer: traditional utxo transfer )smart contract deploy: deploy compiled smart contract byte code block chain )smart contract message call: call deployed smart contract )asset lock down: asset owner can lock the blockchain height application use case there huge market behind the industry culture and content. it's huge opportunity and revolution empower content reader, distributor and creator with the right profit with the help blockchain technology. platform for paid digital literature for platforms that constantly update series literature contents, it's imperative rate the published content and incentivize the author keep the quality the following release. introducing network rating and rewarding system, top-selling authors can get long-term incentive and reasonable returns. blockchain content platform traditional blockchain info community are infamous for the mixture authentic and fake news, and the inability filter information and make good content stand out. using network pricing system, quality content can discovered easily. network utilizes investment features pertinent blockchain, creates robust business model for the community. q&a content platform there are problems with communities like quora and zhihu. authors have direct way convert their knowledge into monetary profit. network native rating and reward incentive mechanism will give top-writer proportional returns for their work. also, network value-based reward mechanism will effectively prevent internet trolling contents, hence clearing the stage for the content with real values. network: decentralized protocol for publishing and valuing online content blog, forum ugc content platform blog forum are two major ways for regular internet users post content. transplanting network rating mechanism into those already existing social media, creating profits for the users the original platform. even revitalizing the community publishing network based tokens. content aggregating platform platform can use network built content ranking feature filter quality content the same kind and provide aggregating features like reddit. social media platform using network content incentive mechanism, platform can construct contentbased social media like steemit. music, audio, short video, long video, stream nearly all the content products that involve content rating and fans interaction can have network reward mechanism introduced, which can provide content creator and platform with extra profits. chap. business vision chap. business vision ugc community for global digital assets holders world-economic-forum-report predicts that there will gdp being part blockchain related technology. according rt! projection, there will more than million digital assets holder present china, there are millions digital assets users. believe with the booming the blockchain technology, this number will grow exponentially. hence, focus creating returns digital assets holders and providing valuable information investors and blockchain enthusiasts. network evolution believe network the ultimate solution for the problems traditional ugc platform. network can not only provide reasonable economic model incentivize content creators, but also can benefits content customers and explorers. network presents content-value oriented prediction market, from the perspective content customer, incentivize users discover quality content, hence recommending valuable content the whole network. this model takes the monetary return content creators, content customers and content moderators into consideration. future network content oriented public blockchain, network going start aggregating global digital assets information, following constructing highly content-value driven ugc community. will fully utilize distributed storage protocol the blockchain further decentralize the the platform service. aim attract more ugc community our decentralized services, ultimately aim build decentralized ugc ecosystem. www.rt.com network: decentralized protocol for publishing and valuing online content chap. sugar issuance plan sugar distribution sugar(uuu) will issued during the contract deployment phase, with total billion units.table shows the allocation plan sugar. users will get sugar through airdrop, exchange and content reward pool. will allocate sugar content reward pool.u network employees will granted restricted sugar upon employment. these sugar will eligible vest upon the satisfaction service condition. the service condition vested over four years, with the first vested upon one-year anniversary token issuance, second vested the second year monthly and the rest vested monthly thereafter, subject continued employment. vest uuu after one-year cliff after token issuance vest additional uuu monthly the second year vest uuu monthly the third year uuu percentage allocation issued investors early investors and advisors founding team community development, are content rewards table uuu allocation figure uuu allocation chap. sugar issuance plan token sale fund allocation case ugc foundation sells some sugar (uuu), the budget from token sale fund will allocated for the following purposes the foundation, see table research development: network blockchain and community are sophisticated systems that consist large number subsystems. sufficient funding needs allocated for recruitment, team building, and research and development. operations and marketing: branding and marketing operations are important pieces promote network ugc community for growth. will allocate funding for promoting network platform and community general. community and ecosystem: will allocate funding help build network community and ecosystem. legal consulting and risk control: network innovation which able disrupt many industries, but also highly-regulated area and therefore legal service needed ensure the regulatory compliance (in particular, the areas securities law). will allocate funding for general legal advice and emergency legal services. this regard, have instructed specialist counsel singapore from tzedek law llc advise the unetwork token sale. miscellaneous:miscellaneous expenses that exclude all above expenses. fund percentage allocation research development operations and marketing community and ecosystem legal consulting and risk control miscellaneous table token sale fund allocation network: decentralized protocol for publishing and valuing online content figure token sale fund allocation chap. roadmap chap. roadmap jun now, network team has been focusing creating and operating technology content, our wechat channel has attracted more than million active users. aug partnered with huobi, presented 'from learn blockchain technology comprehensive way'. over paid students have completed the program. iii sept initiated 'smart contract development' program. trained more than blockchain developers. jan will holding 'blockchain connect' china-us blockchain summit aug network testnet release nov network mainnet release vii dec ,ucommunity alpha version release. viii feb network optimized mainnet release may ,ucommunity beta version release, supports co-investing functionality aug completing network mainnet and developer tool kits, dec ,build ugc ecosystem, import network into exisiting ugc platforms risks risks you acknowledge and agree that there are numerous risks associated with purchasing sugar, holding sugar, and using sugar for participation network. uncertain regulations and enforcement actions the regulatory status sugar and distributed ledger technology unclear unsettled many jurisdictions. the regulation virtual currencies has become primary target regulation all major countries the world. impossible predict how, when whether regulatory agencies may apply existing regulations create new regulations with respect such technology and its applications, including sugar and/or network. regulatory actions could negatively impact sugar and/or network various ways. the foundation (or its affiliates) may cease operations jurisdiction the event that regulatory actions, changes law regulation, make illegal operate such jurisdiction, commercially undesirable obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) operate such jurisdiction. after consulting with wide range legal advisors and continuous analysis the development and legal structure virtual currencies, the foundation will apply cautious approach towards the sale sugar. therefore, for the crowdsale, the foundation may constantly adjust the sale strategy order avoid relevant legal risks much possible. for the crowdsale, the foundation working with tzedek law llc, boutique corporate law firm singapore with good reputation the blockchain space. inadequate disclosure information the date hereof, network still under development and its design concepts, consensus mechanisms, algorithms, codes, and other technical details and parameters may constantly and frequently updated and changed. although this white paper contains the most current information relating network, not absolutely complete and may still adjusted and updated the network team from time time. the network team has ability and obligation keep holders sugar informed every detail (including development progress and expected milestones) regarding the project develop network, hence insufficient information disclosure inevitable and reasonable. risks competitors various types decentralised applications are emerging rapid rate, and the industry increasingly competitive. possible that alternative networks could established that utilise the same similar code and protocol underlying sugar and/or network and attempt re-create similar facilities. network may required compete with these alternative networks, which could negatively impact sugar and/or network. failure develop there the risk that the development network will not executed implemented planned, for variety reasons, including without limitation the event decline the prices any digital asset, virtual currency sugar, unforeseen technical difficulties, and shortage development funds for activities. security weaknesses hackers other malicious groups organisations may attempt interfere with sugar and/or network variety ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks, denial service attacks, consensus-based attacks, sybil attacks, smurfing and spoofing. furthermore, there risk that third party member the foundation its affiliates may intentionally unintentionally introduce weaknesses into the core infrastructure sugar and/or network, which could negatively affect sugar and/or network. further, the future cryptography and security innovations are highly unpredictable and advances cryptography, technical advances (including without limitation development quantum computing), could present unknown risks sugar and/or network rendering ineffective the cryptographic consensus mechanism that underpins that blockchain protocol. other risks addition the aforementioned risks, there are other risks (as more particularly set out the terms and conditions) associated with your purchase, holding and use sugar, including those that the foundation cannot anticipate. such risks may further materialise unanticipated variations combinations the aforementioned risks. you should conduct full due diligence the foundation, its affiliates and the network team, well risks understand the overall framework and vision for network prior purchasing sugar. risks references castro, liskov. practical byzantine fault tolerance[c]. proceedings the third symposium operating systems design and implementation, berkeley, ca, usa, wolfers, zitzewitz, wolfers, al. prediction markets[j]. economic perspectives, yours. yours[ol]. http://www.yours.org, alexa. alexa top sites[ol]. https://www.alexa.com/topsites, xueqiu. xueqiu.com[ol]. https://xueqiu.com, jordan. the efficient markets hypothesis[j]. econometrica, nakamoto. bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system[ol]. http://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf, foundation. ethereum's white paper[eb/ol]. https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/ white-paper,