table contents disclaimer executive summary the market market structure advertisers: problem and solution publishers: problem and solution the product ubex: service for advertisers ubex: service for publishers the ubex platform the ubex wallet the technology the model the neural network neural network model roadmap team advisors risks legal considerations (l) references disclaimer the given white paper document has been formulated present the ubex project potential participants the platform and those interested contributing its development. the information set out below may not exhaustive and does not imply any contractual relationship. its sole purpose provide information potential token holders, they may determine whether they are willing analyze the company with the intent acquiring ubex tokens. part the given white paper shall deemed constitute prospectus solicitation for contribution, nor does any way pertain offering solicitation offer buy any securities any jurisdiction. the given document not composed accordance with, nor subject to, any laws regulations any jurisdiction aimed protecting contributors. certain statements, estimates, and financial information contained the given white paper constitutes forward-looking statements. such forward-looking statements information deem risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual events results differ materially from the estimates results implied expressed such forward-looking statements. the given english language white paper the primary and sole official source information about the ubex project and its token launch. the information contained herein may translated into other languages used for establishing written verbal communication channels with potential partners contributors the project. result translation, some information contained herein may omitted, corrupted, misrepresented. the event inconsistencies between any translations communications and the given official english language white paper, the provisions the given english language original document shall hold primary status and prevail. ubex reserves the right introduce changes the given white paper. the case difference differenes between the versions the document, the lastest version the white paper published the ubex.com website shall prevail, and all previously published versions are considered invalid all their iterations and representations. ubex prohibits users the platform avoid capital controls any kind and does not allow them conduct contributions foreign assets any manner. the information contained this whitepaper and https://www.ubex.com are descriptive nature only, are not binding and not form part the terms and conditions the token generation event (hereinafter known the "terms"). particular, you should advised that the purchase ubex tokens may involve high risks. please refer the risks section the terms for more information. before purchasing any ubex tokens, please ensure you are capable offering official representation and warranties, specified the respective sections the terms. any distribution, public otherwise, the given document and the offer and/or sale ubex tokens may restricted law some jurisdictions. failure comply with any restrictions could result violation the law. the moment, ubex tokens have not been registered under the u.s. securities act (hereinafter the "securities act"), with any regulatory authority securities any state other jurisdiction the territory the united states. ubex tokens shall not and cannot offered to, purchased sold to, the account for the benefit of, any green card holder the united states any citizen permanent resident the united states (tax otherwise), individual having primary residence domicile the united states (tax otherwise), including puerto rico, the u.s. virgin islands any other territory possession the united states. ubex tokens shall not and cannot offered citizens permanent residents the republic singapore (tax otherwise), anyone having primary residence domicile singapore. ubex tokens shall not and cannot offered citizens permanent residents canada (tax otherwise), anyone having primary residence domicile canada. not and cannot provide guarantees and disclaim any liability that the above-mentioned conditions shall fulfilled. the sole responsibility the reader and potential participant contributor ensure that participation the token sale not prohibited under the applicable laws said participant's contributor's country residence domicile. executive summary the digital advertising market has been actively growing for the last years; its size has exceeded the size the television segment this historic event for the advertising market. one the most promising segments digital advertising programmatic advertisement, which shows average annual growth rate more than against growth rate non-programmatic segments. according the forecasts magna global, the market size advertising software will reach billion nevertheless, despite these positive dynamics, the digital advertising market has many problems, including low targeting efficiency, non-transparent counterparty relationships and high level fraud. result, all sides the relationship suffer advertisers overpay for each client involved, publishers receive lesser rewards and consumers advertising are dissatisfied with its quality. ubex proposes solve these problems combining all the advantages programmatic technologies, neural networks and smart contracts single system. through this approach, ubex provides transition from the traditional pay-per-click scheme the payment for targeted actions, which the most fair and interesting model for all market participants. present you the ubex project global, decentralized exchange programmatic advertising based neural networks and smart contracts. the mission ubex create global advertising ecosystem with high level mutual trust and maximum efficiency. advertisers can automatically purchase slots using the ubex system. the programmatic system automatically chooses slots that have the highest probability (calculated via neural networks algorithms) engage the target user. procurement advertising takes place real time using programmatic technology the basis neural networks with the application smart contracts. neural networks contribute the optimal distribution the ads among available slots and the smart contracts eliminate risks for advertisers and publishers providing more transparency. advantages ubex comparison with other advertising exchanges: neural networks maximize purchasing efficiency. neural networks, which process information about each visitor the member networks' websites, are the heart ubex's advertising purchasing algorithms. the neural networks evaluate the interests users, calculate the likelihood targeted actions for all advertiser offers, and choose the most suitable advertisement. neural network are able because the track-record the previous actions users, and the statistical datasets provided site-owners. all these inputs improve the ability neural network make better predictions. thanks this, member network website visitors see only those ads that are maximally confined their interests, and which would convince them fulfill the target action with maximum probability. ubex algorithm also estimates the economic efficiency displaying various advertising options each particular user. therefore ubex maximizes the targeting advertising and the economic efficiency for advertisers blockchain-based smart contracts minimize participants' risks. ubex aims solve the problem low confidence the purchase digital advertising. smart contracts allow for making the relationship advertisers and publishers (owners slots sites) transparent and fair possible, well minimizing the risks for all parties. applying such approach, ubex allows passage from the traditional pay per click scheme the model payment for targeted actions, the most fair and interesting model for advertisers. our team consists high-level professionals with extensive experience areas marketing, neural networks and blockchain. perfectly know and understand all the advantages these technologies, which are able apply effectively order achieve the maximum result terms advertisers' budget efficiency and publishers ads revenues. the infrastructure developed will allow take the process buying advertising and its economic efficiency new level. the market what programmatic advertising? plain english, buying real-time advertising the basis auction. the concept the software definitely broader and includes limited auctions and direct sales advertising well. general, programmatic advertising set methods for purchasing advertisements the internet using automated systems and algorithms make decisions about transaction without human participation based socio-demographic and behavioral data about users available both the platform and the advertiser. works follows: when user visits web page, that user shown ads. for those fractions second, while the website loading, the system analyzes the composition the audience the website, correlates this data with client targeting and selects the appropriate advertising format. after that, auction conducted among advertisers whose target audience corresponds this particular visitor the website and who want show their advertising. during the auction, the highest bid and the winner the auction are selected. the advertisement the winner uploaded the website and shown the user. the whole process big data processing and holding auction takes from milliseconds. all the work done algorithms, person only controls the results obtained. according magna global, the size the global advertising market was billion billion and billion analyze the segmentation the entire advertising market more detail, two key competing segments can distinguished: the digital segment and the television segment. part the overall market trend, the cost television advertising exceeded the costs internet advertising until there was historical event for the advertising market the volume the world market internet advertising exceeded the volume traditional television advertising for the first time and reached size billion. number countries, the digital segment already occupies more than the market. the main contribution the growth the digital content market over the past years has been provided the countries eastern europe, the middle east and south america. according the forecasts dentsu aegis, the share internet advertising can exceed the total advertising market countries such australia, new zealand, china, norway, denmark, sweden, the netherlands and the united kingdom. the target market for ubex (programmatic advertising market) part the digital advertising market. basically, advertising demonstrated through online video and banners. the chart below shows the dynamics the advertising software market from the programmatic advertising market has been growing more than annually demonstrating growth rates much faster than any other segment the advertising market and reached billion last year. the market size advertising software will reach billion and its share will exceed the non-programmatic segment, continuing displace the old format work from the market. course, before programmatic advertising appeared, advertisements were bought and sold manually. advertising networks were buying wholesale views from online publishers completely different websites and then resold them smaller advertisers opaque terms. was unreliable, inefficient and slow. the advantage programmatic advertising that makes the buying process quick, more efficient and less expensive. advertisers can customize their advertising campaigns (through highly accurate targeting users who show the right advertising the right time) and strategically monitor their productivity. this approach allows you improve the targeting significantly and actually move from purchasing views direct purchases the target audience. that why the market programmatic advertising demonstrates such impressive growth rates; the potential programmatic algorithms huge. the same time, this potential cannot fully realized without the implementation blockchain technology and neural networks. thus, the emergence ubex will catalyst for the growth the software market and digital advertising general. market structure the structure the digital advertising market consists chain participants represented, the one hand, advertisers and the other, publishers with number intermediaries between them, performing variety functions. the current digital-advertising purchasing scheme: large and medium-sized advertisers purchase digital advertising through media agencies, which turn, deal through affiliated trade desks directly with purchases one three ways: directly from the publisher. through banner networks (horizontal and vertical networks). through advertising exchanges. external technical services like demand-side platforms (dsps), supply side platform (ssps) and servers are also used for purchasing and monitoring. each these services solves certain task but increases the final cost for the advertiser (the costs for these services are added the commission agencies). advertisers and media agencies use ancillary services increase the effectiveness advertising (creative optimization, data suppliers data management platforms, retargeting, etc.). ubex facilitates purchases digital-advertising. the ubex digital purchasing scheme will look follows: advertisers can easily purchase advertisements from publishers through the ubex advertising exchange without resorting the expensive services agencies and other intermediaries. ubex combines the functionality advertising exchange with service monitor all the performance indicators each placement each publisher, thereby eliminating the need for appropriate external tools. similarly, ubex combines the functionality dsp ssp. ubex aggregates proposals for the provision advertising slots directly from the publishers. combined with the use additional data providers, ubex grants synergistic effect, since the more data that input into the neural network, the more accurate its predictions are with respect the probability targeted action each particular user response advertising materials. comparative analysis alternatives advertiser selection criteria method purchasing digital advertising companies complexity targeting purchasing ability lead cost risk fraud pay per result option programmatic advertising exchanges the basis blockchain and neural networks ubex low high low low yes traditional programmatic advertising exchanges doubleclick, rightmedia, openx, adecn, plymedia low moderate moderate moderate moderate media digital agencies wpp, havas, omd, merkle, digitaslbi, omnicom group low moderate high high horizontal advertising network google, yahoo, amazon, microsoft, cpx moderate low moderate high vertical advertising network adify, mobsoc, rgm alliance, inflection point media, martini media moderate moderate high high directly between the publisher and the advertiser (includes contextual advertising search engines and banner advertising social networks) nytimes, flickr, craigslist, imdb, bbc high moderate low moderate publisher selection criteria digital advertising sales method companies complexity purchasing targeting ability lead cost risk fraud programmatic advertising exchanges the basis blockchain and neural networks ubex low high low low traditional programmatic advertising exchanges doubleclick, rightmedia, openx, adecn, plymedia low moderate moderate moderate media digital agencies wpp, havas, omd, merkle, digitaslbi, omnicom group low moderate high high horizontal advertising network google, yahoo, amazon, microsoft, cpx moderate low moderate high vertical advertising network adify, mobsoc, rgm alliance, inflection point media, martini media moderate moderate high high directly between the publisher and the advertiser (includes contextual advertising search engines and banner advertising social networks) nytimes, flickr, craigslist, imdb, bbc high moderate low moderate ubex provides maximum profits key parameters for both advertisers and publishers, thus creating effective environment for cooperation with high level mutual trust. advertisers: problem and solution advertisers lose money every attracted buyer because the traditional approach advertising purchases. most cases, advertisers are forced incur excessively high costs attract buyers for three reasons: presence brokers high commissions (effect customer acquisition cost: there single instrument which large advertiser could easily filter out the most effective websites for their advertising and remain certain that their media budget for digital advertising would spent efficiently. addition, the budgetary policies large companies often not possess sufficient flexibility allow employees purchase advertising slots various websites (which belong different legal entities) the volumes necessary. order save money and speed the process, medium and large advertisers often prefer work through digital agencies (or full-cycle advertising agencies that have digital department within their structure) that, within the budget approved for certain period, are engaged the purchase advertising slots and monitor the effectiveness such purchases. the disadvantage this approach the need pay considerable commissions the agencies for their services (about -%). many other services existing the chain between the advertiser and the publisher also require additional costs, which increase marketing budgets two even threefold relative the price advertising from the publisher. formation the cost advertising relative the publisher's original price. another drawback the current system working with agencies that advertisers not always receive up-to-date and reliable information about how their advertising budget being spent and what results can guaranteed for the effectively applied funds. addition, many media agencies not disclose the algorithms they apply and what audiences have been attracted the sources advertising. ubex offers solution the form smart contracts blockchain. thanks the ubex purchasing system, the process acquiring advertising slots and selecting the most effective websites for placement simplified the maximum and transaction risks are thereby reduced minimum because the neural network algorithms, which select the slots with the maximum potential targeting effect for the advertiser. ubex transaction algorithms automatically solve the issues that advertising agencies traditionally undertake (for large commission). once the payment made, the advertiser can automatically purchase advertising according the specified requirements set for the target audience, geography, time displays and many other parameters. addition, advertisers with high ratings have option defer payments. thus, with the help ubex, possible purchase advertising directly without any brokers, which significantly increases the economic efficiency cooperation. pay per click risk fraud (effect customer acquisition cost: there are various models payment for digital advertising. most cases, advertisers are forced accept the pay-per-click model, and thus carry the publisher's risk fraud. despite its convenience for publishers, the pay-per-click model often creates incentives for fraud. fraud, its most basic form explanation, imitation the actions real users, aimed achieving kpis set the advertiser, thus inflating targeted actions artificially, and, result, obtaining higher payments for concrete feedback the expense the advertiser. the amount fraud the programmatic segment has reached critical levels. applift and forensiq have both conducted studies the issue and revealed that about all mobile displays raise suspicions about their origins and them are blatant fraud. accurate estimates based research conducted videology, place losses attributed fraud billion usd and billion juniper research forecasts that losses advertisers and other market participants from fraud will reach critical levels mind-boggling billion. incapsula turn, estimates that bots generate all traffic advertisers' websites, thus resulting direct losses advertising budgets the amount more. according the results the forrester study, advertisers with budget for display advertising from million see the fight with fraud their main task. incapsula estimates that all traffic advertisers' websites generated bots. this case, the best alternative for advertisers would pay for targeted actions (cost per action), for example: registering websites. filling forms with contact information. clicking "call back" buttons. purchasing products. paying for action creates incentives for cooperation all participants within the system. this payment model motivates participants to: maximize honesty. simulating target actions much more complex and expensive than simulating clicks. the case payment for targeted actions, advertisers not pay for anything other than for the user's action and conversion from these actions payment for the goods substantially higher than the case clicks. improve the effectiveness advertising through interaction. under the cost per action model, advertisers not pay publishers for any activities other than those required the model. thus, the publisher has vested interest generating quality traffic. the creation such symbiotic relationship eliminates the desire for fraud behalf all involved. this format assumes and ensures mutually beneficial cooperation, whereby each party gets what they want return for observing established set rules. the same time, current technologies not allow switching the cost per action model payment, because this case publishers will not insured against fraud the part advertisers. the publisher's reward depends the honesty the advertiser and the credibility the sales data they provide. the advertiser decides not disclose information about actual targeted actions the publisher, then the publisher technically unable learn about fraudulent actions. this does not promote mutual trust and efficiency within the current system even when paying for targeted actions and not mere clicks. therefore, the market needs solution ensuring that the advertiser and the publisher are insured, guaranteeing maximum transparency the exchange information about user targeted actions. the moment, company the market provides such solution. with the help smart contracts blockchain, ubex allows for the transition the cost per action model payment, eliminating fraud and the need for clicks. the same time, ubex solves the problem arising from the transition the cost per action model payment from other websites, ubex tracks all user actions publishers' sites (as well the advertiser's site case the user moves it) and saves all data the blockchain. based the results actual actions, which the publisher can easily verify the blockchain, payment made for targeted actions only. weak algorithms inefficient targeting (effect customer acquisition cost: current algorithms demonstrate advertising users who not constitute part the target audience the advertiser's product. this reduces conversions purchases, both with the pay-per-click model, and when paying for targeted actions (in the event that the targeted action higher the conversion funnel than the actual purchase). the essence targeted advertising the ability display ads specific target segment users, according their location, gender, age, interests and other individual parameters. targeting allows for optimizing marketing budgets and increasingly being used digital advertising. cases where the purchase advertising takes place without programmatic algorithms, advertisers digital agencies have resort manual searches for specific sites that lie within the scope interests their target audience, well select the sociodemographic, geolocation and time criteria that could predict purchases the greatest possible number visitors such websites. programmatic algorithms allow for significant increases the effectiveness targeted advertising. programmatic advertising conducts in-depth evaluations target groups users based the history their search requests, file downloads, application installs and online purchases. such algorithms not violate any laws the field personal data privacy, since they treat users only cookie-identifiers. so, the user systematically visits resources automotive subjects, quite logical refer the segment motorists. great interest also the possibility correlating online and offline information about users. the latter can include visiting public places and events, traveling abroad, shopping and on. other important functions programmatic include displays advertisements various devices the same user and searches "user twins". for example, known that customers are interested traveling and cycling, the programmatic algorithm will expand the target audience finding users with similar interests. nevertheless, available alternatives use fairly narrow range settings for filtering and, accordingly, low level targeting. their algorithms not make use neural networks, thereby significantly hampering their effectiveness. addition, the advertiser cannot affect the possibility that their advertising could shown users outside their target audience. result, advertisers face the problem optimizing marketing costs. they need spend substantial amount digital advertising during campaigns obtain preliminary statistics about the effectiveness certain channels used for advertising. each combination "channel advertising material" requires separate budget for such test. addition, advertisers need earmark long periods for experiments, often lasting least three months (in the case cost per action), plus analysis the results. information about the predicted effectiveness different channels enlisted for individual advertising materials, results significant financial and time costs (which creates significant difficulties for advertisers with small advertising budgets, since forces them spend the entire budget experiments) for the advertiser, and the data obtained has limited "shelf life", after year two becomes obsolete. the moment, the problem remains unsolved, because there service that would provide flexible express forecasts for individual promotion methods for specific advertising materials various advertisers. using neural networks and accumulated data, the ubex algorithm selects the most current advertising offers relevant for certain visitors, maximizing the probability obtaining the desired results. moreover, the ubex neural network evaluates the probability targeted user actions. applying such approach, the ubex algorithm estimates the economic efficiency displaying various advertising options each particular user. thanks the use neural networks, the relevance advertising displays increased, along with predictability advertising efficiency and the need burn through budgets trial and error approaches reduced. thus, with the help ubex, advertisers will reduce the average cost attracting customers reducing the cost attracting customers advertisers made possible thanks the transfer all transactions smart contracts and optimization targeting the neural networks. problem loss drivers technology solution high commissions marketing budget blockchain elimination unnecessary intermediaries through smart contracts risk fraud conversion targeted action blockchain saving all user actions the blockchain and complete transition the cost per action model ineffective targeting conversion purchase neural networks increase the relevance advertising with the use neural networks publishers: problem and solution publishers are not getting enough revenue from their advertising slots because suboptimal sales system. there are several barriers that prevent publishers from maximizing revenue and contributing more funds the growth user engagement: low efficiency purchasing algorithms suboptimal loads advertising slots even the case high volume high-quality user traffic, whose profile ideal for certain advertisers, according both socio-demographic parameters and interests, publishers may experience problems with loading slots. such "gaps" the effectiveness current sites, allocated for the purchase and sale advertising, arise because the imperfect nature algorithms designed for distributing offers among publishers' advertising slots. smart algorithms based neural networks the ubex platform are able optimally distribute thousands ads from advertisers online. the ubex algorithm maximizes revenues publishers with the most effective slots account their maximum load capacity. inefficient targeting low number targeted actions due the imperfections the targeting algorithms available the market, with some rare exceptions, advertisers are forced adhere the proverbial strategy "shooting sparrows from cannons", trying reach their target audience with certain margin spare. addition the irrational use advertising budgets, the reverse side this approach the immense amount irrelevant advertising publishers' websites, which means that each slot attracts relatively small number targeted actions. turn, the less targeted the slot attracts, the lower the publisher's revenue via the cost per action payment model. the ubex neural networks solution increases the targeting advertising, thereby maximizing the likelihood target actions being performed the audience interest the advertiser. thus, the revenue for the publishers' most effective advertising slots maximized. lack transparency the part advertisers problems non-payment advertising costs three key risks exist for publishers when working the basis the cost per action model: (a) shaving the concealment, the advertiser, the fact fulfillment targeted action user, attracted advertising the publisher's website. (b) failure pay for advertising for verified targeted actions both parties leads court lawsuits debt collection, which itself expensive and laborious process for the publisher. (c) late payment advertising more common than failure payment principle, but also detrimental the financial performance the publisher (increase the volume illiquid accounts receivable assets the detriment additional working capital). the solution the problem shaving risks, non-payment for services delays payments for advertising advertisers achieved ubex through the application three mechanisms based blockchain technology: (i) tracking. when connecting the ubex advertising exchange, advertisers and publishers install tracking services. possible track user behavior all stages the conversion funnel with the help such tracking services. the user sees the advertisement particular advertiser (for example, online store) the form banner the publisher's website, and after that they paste the website address the online store into their browser search bar (instead clicking the banner link making purchase through widget), ubex algorithm will able track the entire route the user from the display the promotional offer payment for the purchase recording each user's transaction the blockchain (however, more thorough description the tracking process can found the page (ii) the rating mechanism. multi-level system rating counterparties the ubex advertising exchange takes into account all the transactions that system participants had ever concluded, the volume these transactions, the timeliness payments, well all complaints, claims and reviews following the results fulfilled canceled transactions. the rating each the participants used the algorithm making decisions about the selection advertiser offers for displays specific advertising slots. the rating considered the neural network one the factors making possible choose among several alternative offers aiming for placement each the publisher's advertising slots. (iii) escrow factoring. ubex solves the problem late payments through the use crypto-financial platform allowing instant payments and verification smart contracts the one hand and keeping advertisers' budgets escrow the other. advertiser with low rating makes advance payment through their personal account and payment for targeted actions occurs the actions take place. turn, the publisher gets detailed information about what targeted actions were taken and what extent for each particular advertiser for relevant period. the publisher will also see how much they need paid the advertiser. all information about the targeted actions and their value stored smart contracts based the blockchain system. thus impossible forge any formation any the platform participants even the ubex team. escrow not the only solution that ubex offers. the case large advertisers, the task deferring payments order fulfill financial kpis terms working capital may relevant. for such advertisers, ubex offers flexible factoring solution. the option factoring available only for advertisers with high ratings and arrears payments. case results losses for publishers due non-payment delays payments, the advertiser forever deprived the right applying the factoring option. factoring services will provided third party, called factoring center. ubex itself not involved the financial transactions, except for ensuring the correctness the rating system. thus, ubex minimizes risks for publishers. only blockchain will make possible, principle, switch model payment for targeted actions. blockchain allows for the implementation of: tracking target actions and saving them database transparent for all participants, creating trusted reputation rating creating mechanisms for guaranteeing mutual settlements, tokenization slots for publishers and factoring centers for advertisers, distributed data mining for consumer-related information underdevelopment monetization systems for advertising slots lack alternative sources income many publishers lose revenue due reduced displays advertising. mainly the number hits becomes smaller due the increased use adblockers users (according the iab study, penetration adblockers among desktop browser users more than %). this leads reduction the volume working capital, which often limited long delays payments from advertisers digital agencies. financial difficulties compel publishers look for new sources raising funds for contribution, the development their websites and increasing future advertising revenues. ubex offers publishers the opportunity tokenize their advertising slots. utilizing all the statistics users and advertising platforms available inside the exchange, ubex algorithms provide forecasts potential publisher earnings and give opportunity forecasting future earnings provided the necessary rating available. thus, through tokenization, publishers can improve their financial performance increasing their working capital. the tokenization future incomes based blockchain-based smart contracts, while the amount potential future income forecasted the neural networks. inefficient targeting partial loss traffic users are increasingly complaining about irrelevant displays. according the iab study, users block advertising because low relevance. about the audience complains that advertising simply irritates them. people who not use adblockers (for example, because they not know about their existence), can visit frequent websites less often, because they are overloaded with annoying and irrelevant advertising, and avoiding such websites the only resort seeing less advertising. turn, this also leads reduction revenue advertising for publishers. therefore, the publisher directly interested having their audience see only those ads that not cause irritation and seem relevant. the currently available algorithms for selecting advertising, overload the audience with inappropriate advertising, thereby contributing very little the preservation advertising traffic for publishers and, accordingly, their profitability. thanks the use algorithms based neural networks, ubex offers users the most relevant advertising options. the profits for all parties involved are maximized through this approach. this includes the advertisers, publishers, and users, who will see less irrelevant advertising. thanks the placement advertising their websites through the ubex exchange, publishers reduce the outflow users who are annoyed advertising that does not match their interests. turn, the retention user traffic allows publishers increase their profitability. with the help ubex, publishers will significantly increase revenue from effective sites: the increase revenue from advertising slots for publishers made possible due the transfer all transactions with advertisers onto smart contracts and optimization targeting neural networks. problem loss drivers technology solution low slot load amount advertisements neural networks algorithm that distributes offers from advertisers real time the most optimal manner. low number targeted actions conversion targeted action neural networks algorithm that increases the level targeting advertising, and thus maximizes the number targeted actions. non-payment advertising costs debts unpaid blockchain tracking target actions users and saving them database transparent all participants. multi-level rating system, well escrow mechanism for guaranteeing mutual settlements. absence alternative sources income other income neural networks and blockchain the possibility tokenization advertising slots publishers (earning revenue for future projected revenue). loss part the advertising traffic traffic neural networks maximizing the relevance advertising for each user. the product the ubex advertising exchange will located www.ubex.com and will have convenient interface that will work with the exchange services from pcs, tablets and mobile devices. the two main sections for advertisers and publishers will presented the website, the principles interaction with which are described below. ubex: service for advertisers advertisers can set and run campaign few clicks. tasks that required entire team digital marketers can now taken over ubex algorithms. advertising campaign created through personal account four simple steps: create offer and specify the commercial terms. the user specifies the cost advertising, percentage the sale, well deferred payment (for advertisers with high rating). also, the advertiser chooses the targeted actions they are willing pay publishers for. select widget create your own. widgets can personalized the advertiser and can also provided the exchange (for example, the payday loan, form for obtaining microcredits). the case personalized widgets, enough upload banner video and install and configure all the necessary forms through handy designer available the personal account. for more complex settings, widgets can written customized java script-code. select the interests the target audience, the time displays, geography and other criteria. after setting the widget, the advertiser sets the rules for displaying the ads that advertising relevant the target audience possible. parallel with the settings, the neural network provides forecasts the effectiveness the customized advertising campaign. launch advertising campaign and monitor the results. with the help personal account the ubex system, the advertiser can monitor real time all the key metrics for the created advertising campaign. these metrics include the targeted actions that were taken, their time, the publishers whose platforms advertising was displayed, the activity these publishers the advertising campaigns. the neural network also provides updated reports the effectiveness the advertising campaign. payment made only upon the completion targeted actions specified the offer. funds are credited from the amount held the escrow system the ubex crypto financial platform, from the advertiser's account the time indicated the smart contract (in case factoring payments for advertisers with high ratings). ubex: service for publishers publishers can quickly and conveniently connect their advertising slot the ubex advertising platform and start earning soon the tracking add-on accumulates enough data about site traffic for further analysis the neural networks. connection the ubex system takes place four simple steps: register advertising slot. the publisher allocates slots for units website, marks them with special identifier and places the java script code the exchange. any owner internet resources with regular user traffic sufficient volume per the requirements the advertisers can receive approval for registration. after reviewing the application, the publisher receives notification email. adjust advertising topic restrictions. the ubex interface, the publisher chooses the topics that they allow for placement their websites. for instance, the owner internet resource contributions can narrow down the topics for advertising exclusively financial services. the publisher can add new restrictions the future, when they see the first results displays chosen the neural networks the most relevant for their resource. specify geolocation, audience interests and social parameters facilitate the indexing their resource the general site directory, the publisher can specify additional data for accounting when searching for advertisers. these parameters will considered the neural networks the event the publisher refuses set traffic tracking their website (the algorithm will prioritize only those publishers that have installed tracking their resources). set restrictions widgets and advertisers publishers can view existing widgets for each topic and disable the ones they choose. for example, the owner resource with articles contributing precious metals may want turn off widget used purchase cryptocurrencies without leaving the resource. also, the publisher can create "black list" specific advertisers whose widgets they not wish see their resource. payment made only upon the completion targeted actions specified the offer. funds are credited from the amount held the escrow system the ubex crypto financial platform, from the advertiser's account the time indicated the smart contract (in case factoring payments for advertisers with high ratings). the ubex platform the ubex platform will provide ample opportunities not only publishers and advertisers, but also companies that need regression analysis user data. the system's neural core, which responsible for making decisions all stages the life cycle the advertising material, will have api, access which can provided partner companies. the behavioral decision-making blockchain allows one evaluate user data and make judgment about the perceived interests the user. this regression estimate can used not only display advertising materials, but for other purposes well. the api will provide opportunity retrieve list expected categories with estimate for each based query with user data. training the system core obtain relevant and accurate forecasts laborious process. this regard, the platform will provide the ability adding statistical data the site user's actions, which can used training sample for the system's core. the site owners who provided data will receive reward proportional the contribution the data provided for training the system core. these actions are similar mining, when users are rewarded for labor-intensive work (providing statistical data for the formation training sample). the ubex wallet the ubex token will act payment unit the ubex platform. the need for token based the need credit funds from advertisers' accounts for the displays advertising materials that they have bought. basic cryptocurrencies not allow the crediting funds from third party accounts even one has permission from the third parties. the token allows for setting quotas (allowances) specific address within which the owner the address can use the funds available the account. crediting possible only condition that the account holder has established the size the quota and only from the address which the quota issued, otherwise the funds cannot credited. addition, mentioned the previous section, the ubex platform will enable the owners websites, who are providing statistical data for training the system core, receive ubex tokens reward for their actions (similar mining). the income from all ubex transactions will distributed the data providers. due the existence the allowance techniques proprietary tokens, these tokens allow executing smart contract, which allows such actions written. the use cryptocurrency does not directly provide such opportunities. call this function ubex data mining (udm). the ubex platform will allow the input tokens into the system and their output for wide range crypto and fiat currencies. the ubex platform will allow the input tokens into the system and their output for wide range crypto and fiat currencies. any user can exchange his tokens for such cryptocurrencies eth, btc, usd, etc. using the ubex exchange rates. the exchange rates will determined the needs the market and based the trade data the ubex token. the technology how works: the system's neural core and its interaction with the blockchain. the system core named advanced decentralized advertising marketing (adam) responsible for making the decision display advertising materials. this decision based the data stored the blockchain well the model data the neural network stored internally. the main features the system can explained the life cycle widget that promotes car insurance service from the advertiser's, the publisher's and the user's perspective respectively. the advertiser. the widget appears the system after the advertiser registers and adds offer that promotes the insurance service. each participant has correspondent entity the system smart-contract the ethereum blockchain, during the registration process the system creates entity the blockchain, fills with general data and initializes visitor-related coefficients (their meaning will discussed later). the offer entity created the blockchain when the advertiser creates within the management interface. along with other promotional materials, the advertiser can register widget, load the start banner and specify the format and list fields requested from the user. addition, the advertiser specifies the parameters for displaying the offer promotional materials and widgets (subject, geodata, list visitor interests, age and censorship restrictions, etc.). most these parameters are stored the smart-contract the ethereum blockchain well, excluding the heavy data stored the external storage and linked the offer entity via the url. given the fact that the system decentralized, the advertiser can register any partner sites that are members the ubex exchange network, the data will eventually added the blockchain any case. the data the advertiser, the offer and promotional materials along with the parameters for displaying widgets can used any member the exchange that have necessary rating and access level. the publisher. the widget can start working the publisher's website soon the publisher registers, passes the kyc procedure and adds placement space. during the registration process, the entity created the ethereum smart-contract with all the data the publisher. when creating placement space, the publisher, similar the advertiser, specifies set parameters (subject, geolocation, typical interests his website visitors, age and censorship boundaries, etc.). the data the created placement goes the blockchain entity well. achieve better results, the publisher can integrate the tracking services the exchange, thus providing extended statistics for their visitors. decentralization, the case the advertiser, allows one register any partner websites available the ubex network, the data will added the blockchain main system data storage. all the publisher space data can used any decision-making service that operates within the ubex exchange. the visitor. initial request comes from visitor's browser the tracking balancer. the role this balancer switch the visitor's request one the hundreds tracking micro-service instances (trackers). the tracker responsible for management processing visitor's request, including, but not limited to, gathering visitor data, interaction with neural network nodes, holding preliminary results, transferring data and from renderer instances and responding visitors with final advertising widget. the ubex exchange will operate dozens automated decision-making nodes the neural network (dsp demand side platform). consider such node black box able get list parameters and respond with single number (or with list single numbers) showing the degree correspondence predefined result. each dsp small, learned neural network model that can communicate with the blockchain decentralized storage. the first such dsp node starts working after the tracker feeds the visitor's data. dsp- (behavior analysis). the dsp receives from the tracker dozens parameters the input stage, including the publisher data, placement space data, current visitor's data, extended data the authorized user case integration, and the marketing history the current user. the tracker marks the current visitor the browser, understanding when the same visitor requests displays advertising material even another website. addition, the history the visitor's activity the publisher's website also provided, for example, the case online stores, this includes previous orders the visitor and other information available relevant that particular visitor. this stage, the tracker can read the correspondent data from the ethereum blockchain including publisher-related and space-related coefficients. these coefficients act precise tuning mechanism giving the neural network the ability making decisions for each particular visitor the particular publisher's website. the more input data provided, the more accurately the neural network will able understand the interests the visitor. result, dsp- tries choose top visitor preferences terms core system categories (tags) with correspondent number for each them. for example, the tags "electronics", "currency" and "blockchain technology" result (%), (%) and (%) numbers respectively. the tracker collects all the data returned the dsp- and prepares interact with further dsps along the chain. dsp- (offer selection). the dsp- should select the list potential candidates, such advertising materials and widgets that can potentially interesting the visitor. receiving input from the tracker (obtained from previous dsp-), the current dsp- conducts its regression evaluation all available advertising materials according tags selected previous step. like case dsp- the tracker can get advertiser-related coefficients from the ethereum blockchain, include all the data received previous step and feed dsp-. result, the tracker receives decision number for each material, for example, for three materials including "tv banner", "auto insurance widget" (the widget under consideration this case), and "property mortgage banner", get (%), (%) and (%) respectively. note. the moment, most the existing programmatic exchanges would have already decided display the "property mortgage banner", the correspondence maximum. but not ubex. dsp- (final decision). the input stage, the next dsp- receives all the parameters collected the tracker the current query and selects one (and only one) from the materials selected previous step. the statistical data parsed tracker and provided dsp- for analysis. the final dsp selects not only the most relevant, but also the most financially effective result (which beneficial both for publishers and advertisers). for this purpose, neural network regression performed for each user action the advertising material and map created containing the estimated indicators. rendering and responding the user. the next stage, the tracker already knows which banner widget display. gives the task one the thousands rendering micro-services (renderers) build bundle scripts, css and images for the displayed widget. this final bundle code and assets returned the visitor the publisher's website. all further user actions, including analytics, clicks and interactions with advertising material are served the tracker. the user interacts with the widget, will reflected the publisher and advertiser statistics and leads changing publisher-related, space-related and advertiser-related coefficients stored the ethereum blockchain, which, eventually, affects further decisions. thus, obtain highly organized, intelligent system consisting hundreds and thousands dsps that make small decisions every stage displaying advertising material. the model the neural network part the system, thousands dsps will perform regressive estimation qualitative quantitative indicators for compliance with certain result. each dsp neural network. (figure the model the neural network the layer input parameters consists normalized per unit indicators. the output stage, the neural network gives normalized per unit judgments about the set output properties. each node within the hidden layers the network neuron. the first approximation, the artificial neuron imitates the properties biological neuron. the input stage, artificial neuron receives certain number signals, each which the output another neuron. each input multiplied the corresponding weight, similar the synaptic force and all products are summed, determining the activation level the neuron. figure (figure presents model that realizes this idea. here, the set input signals, denoted ..., xn, arrive artificial neuron. these input signals correspond signals that come the synapses biological neuron. each signal multiplied the corresponding weight ..., wn, and sent the summation block, denoted each weight corresponds the "strength" one biological synaptic connection. the summing unit, which corresponds the body the biological element, algebraically combines the weighted inputs, creating the output net: (figure artificial neuron first approximation the given description can represented the following formula where the bias; weight the i-th neuron; the output the i-th neuron; the number neurons that enter the processed neuron. the signal, which called the bias, displays the function the limiting value, also known the shift. this signal allows shifting the origin the activation function, which further increases learning speed. this signal added each neuron, learns like all other scales, and its feature that connects the signal, and not the output the previous neuron. the received net signal usually processed the activation function and gives the output neural signal out (figure (figure artificial neuron with activation function the activation function narrows the range the value net that for each value net the out values belong certain range, the finite interval, then the function called narrowing function. logistic "sigmoidal" function often used the case such functions. this function expressed mathematically follows: the main advantage such function that has simple derivative and differentiates along the entire abscissa axis. the graph the function has the following form (figure (figure type sigmoidal activation function the function amplifies weak signals and prevents saturation from large signals. neural network model consider behavioral dsp analyzing the initial user query, then the input parameters can be: ... country usa (/) country united kingdom (/) ... iphone device (/) ... chrome browser (/) safari browser (/) ... number visits the site (.., sigmoid, indicator, infinity) number displays advertising materials (..) the number clicks materials (..) number interactions with the material (forms submits) (..) ... number hits the "technology "category (..) number hits the "insurance" category (..) ... the scope actions the "technology" category (..) the scope actions the "insurance" category (..) ... the publisher-related coefficient (..) the publisher-related coefficient (..) the publisher-related coefficient (..) ... the space-related coefficient (..) the space-related coefficient (..) the space-related coefficient (..) ... here, the number hits collective indicator. for online stores, this can the purchase goods from the category, for forum, can the number views topics category, etc. analogy, the scope actions also collective parameter. for online stores, the volume purchases goods from the category, for forum, can the number posts written user category. publisher-related and space-related coefficients are used for precise tuning terms particular publisher and his particular space statistics. they are changed the system after any user action (show, click, action, etc.). these coefficients will stored the ethereum blockchain, which will allow regression estimation decentralized manner using any dsp. there should normalized per unit compliance indicators the output behavioral dsp neural network for the categories the exchange, for example: ... technology insurance mortgage ... train neural network, ubex will use the big data statistics displays advertising agencies, the strategic partners ubex. teaching the neural network the most challenging part the system's core, especially obtaining the proper training data sets. that why ubex introduced the ability gaining ubex tokens for providing marketing data. could simple installing small tracking script code agency/publisher website and receiving the appropriate reward. selective dsp takes into account everything that was calculated the behavioral dsp. similarly the behavioral neural network, the advertiser-related coefficients adjustment also enter the selective input obtain individual result. there should normalized per unit compliance indicators the output selective dsp neural network corresponding each advertising material, for example ... iphone banner insurance company widget currency exchange banner ... the final dsp taking the final decision must calculate the normalized coefficient for each user's action for each advertisement. the display the iphone banner calculated one neural network, the action the widget the insurance company performed another neural network, etc. the input stage, each neural network receives the behavioral indicators the visitor (similarly the behavioral dsp), the publisher-related, space-related and advertiser-related coefficients and the output stage receives one normalized indicator. returning the example from the previous section, can consider only two banners the "property mortgage banner" and the "auto insurance widget" (our widget). for the "property mortgage banner", receive: click (%) action (not performed) for the "auto insurance widget": click (%) action (.%) make final, weighted decision, necessary calculate the estimated cost placing advertising material using the following formula: where show estimation show cost/price click estimation click cost action user estimation action user cost let assume the adviser pays for the "property mortgage banner": the display units the click units action units accordingly, for the "auto insurance widget" the advertiser pays: the display units the click units the action units accordingly, you can see, even half the price per display and almost half the price per click, more profitable make money displaying the "auto insurance widget". thus, due the use neural networks, the ubex algorithm allows for taking into account variety factors that affect both the relevance the advertising display and its economic efficiency. the ubex algorithm collects data about the profile each specific publisher, its space and advertiser, including their behavior, geography, visiting time, interests, etc., and calculates the probability targeted action for each individual advertisement. the more data passes through the ubex neural networks, the more effectively solves its tasks. roadmap creation advertising platform for promoting payday loans introduction api interface for use publishers register advertising space introduction advertiser auctions may launch the desktop and mobile alpha versions the advertiser application october development the system's neural core prototype and initial training the neural networks december introduction api prototype for sharing training data exchange for rewards (data mining) march development integration tools link marketing campaigns with publishers' websites addition new types advertising tools and customization widgets april development the exchange smart contract prototype for the storage basic information august launch the desktop and mobile alpha versions the publisher application november introduction smart contracts capable storing neural network adjacent coefficients the blockchain january launch the beta versions advertiser and publisher applications release the initial versions operational applications and smart contracts team advisors artem chestnov @artem-chestnov-aa ubex ceo and so-founder ex-marketing director inbev, belgium artem serial entrepreneur with background marketing, mainly focused the european market. artem graduated from insead mba france and singapore and spent most his career the netherlands and belgium head marketing and innovations for major consumer goods company (sales volume bln usd budget under personal management usd). participated various topmanagement roles number tech and blockchain projects, including latoken, reborn and medviser. daniel biesuz @biesuz ubex head legal and co-founder partner ilfp, zurich daniel biesuz has built his career the legal space, helping the m&a process companies switzerland. was consulting companies the blockchain and ico space, and after meeting with artem, decided contribute time and money into idea ai-based advertisement. his experience with previous projects, like global blockchain technology fonds, lapo blockchain and insurepal and helped kick-start the legal and contribution block. dan gartman @dan-gartman ubex cto artificial neural nets master data science certified engineer experience with google tensorflow, golang, solidity and react.js dan was raised family engineers. being mathematically gifted child, released his first game the age after graduation, researched electromagnetic waves and physics solid objects and worked web developer the same time. during the first five years his professional career, mastered c++, php and javascript basis for his work and research. throughout the next years, engaged research artificial neural networks and their influence internet technologies. over the last two years, added decentralization his work spectrum and implemented model for speech recognition. always looks for challenges, and decentralized marketing exchange astounding opportunity demonstrate his impressive skills. andrew rippon @arippon ubex coo blockchain technologies specialist, ex-lead designer for the smart dubai platform blockchain expert advisor governments, corporations and real estate developers. ex-advisor smart dubai office, initiative the executive office mohammed bin rashid maktoum, worked with governments, real estate developers and telcos enhance cities through clever ict services based data orchestration big data, predictive analytics, integrated operations centres and innovation the smart city project. kathrin anthony @ekaterina-anthony-mba-aaa ubex head global sales founder finvestech.ch, switzerland economics graduate with mba finance management from california state university. based switzerland and actively involved developing ico markets and crypto funds offering. active member the crypto valley zug. has over years experience sales and business development management. from acted head division mcgraw-hill platts, leading distribution and licensing the market close (moc) commodities trading platform. joined rts exchange global business director and head office london maximize revenues from equity and derivatives trading products from and institutional contributors. cooz komei tokita @coozkomeitokita director business development japanese-american from los angeles, california, endowed with western and eastern cultural background. built the first local bitcoin exchange japan and other business ventures such pharmaceutical tech, auto sales, personal finance/ asset planning, and real estate. early adopter cryptocurrency and blockchain technology. author confidential reports for government and regulatory authorities. represents the cryptos fund, regulated cryptocurrency index fund following the cci that tracks the top digital assets that make the market. alberto maiorana @albertomaiorana ubex strategic partnerships alberto has years experience marketing and business development with deep vision the international business and specific focus consumer goods and sports entertainment. has been working with some the biggest brands such gm, star wars, english premier league, khl, uefa champions league and the international level, particularly across europe. his specialty launching new products, setting and growing distribution and forging commercial partnerships. alberto has also been directly involved two startups and executed respective successful exits. alex korobkov @alexeykorobkov ubex director general partner blocks capital partners alex professional contribution strategy officer, successful entrepreneur, crypto contributor, ico and advisor possessing more than years' cumulative experience top management positions venture capital and private equity (vc&pe), information and communication technologies (ict), business consulting international markets such companies vimpelcom, sap, i-free, blocks capital partners. iyke aru @iyke-aru-b community director africa iyke the leading blockchain educator africa. also writer and crypto contributor several successful icos. iyke has years experience both mainstream and internet contribution. writes about cryptos for various top blockchain and crypto news resources. igor selivanov @igor-selivanov-aba senior full-stack blockchain engineer igor has been fond science and computer games since childhood, and early school demonstrated outstanding abilities computer science, particular, the field choosing non-trivial algorithms for solving problems. the university, developed desktop applications using the library. after graduation from university, worked finance several companies, where took part major projects involving the development websites, corporate crm and billing systems. recently, actively working projects using blockchain technology. the technology stack includes the following programming languages: golang, ++, qt, java, javascript, solidity, reactjs. also studies computer security and built from scratch his spare time. alex zhmurin @alex-zhmurin- senior javascript engineer alex studied information technologies hobby, and after graduation from university, chose website development his profession. spent several years studying javascript create convinient and rich user interfaces. now has more than years practical experience the field development and demonstrates solid knowledge the field javascript prototype, jquery, reactjs, material-ui and redux. fond sports and computers, currently studying modeling human behavior with the help neural networks. eugeny matveev @eugeny-matveev-a full-stack engineer after graduation from university, eugene underwent practice design studio, where studied html, css, jquery. later had much hands-on experience developing websites php. since prefer separate front-end techniques (vanillajs, vue) from back-end ones (php, ruby). igor vatamaniuc @igor-vatamaniuc javascript front-end engineer igor beleives that user interfaces are central point the internet technologies that why world-recognized professional the development web interfaces. has achieved great success the development the visual component websites, such prototypes pages, html, css, animation javascript. you enjoy visiting some website probably work igor. the ubex team consists more than specialists. more details about the team members can found here https://www.ubex.com/team/ urs bolt @ursbolt advisor financial services, wealth management and banking technologies expert urs bolt has more than years experience the financial services industry, mainly wealth management, investment banking and related technology businesses. his main focus helping fintech regtech companies and financial service providers with business strategy reviews, product development and markets. urs constantly ranked top fintech influencer switzerland and globally regtech. michael gord @mgord technical advisor mlg blockchain capital board directors bitcoin blockchain alliance canada michael serial blockchain entrepreneur and has founded co-founded companies including mlg blockchain, stratx and airdropx, among others. michael graduated from desautels faculty management mcgill university with concentration entrepreneurship, marketing and information systems. ismail malik @blockchain marketing advisor founder blockchain lab editor chief ico crowd, london ismail the founder blockchain lab and the publisher ico crowd magazine. one the first enthusiasts blockchain london and has been working the industry since early ismail among the best connected persons the industry, helping projects develop with his teams based london and seoul. responsible for helping ubex with its marketing strategy and execution, well with talent acquisition. arie orlovsky @arie-lev-orlovsky- adivisor israel ex-strategy consultant, booz&co, ibm arie orlovski graduate technicon israel and studied together with artem insead france. seasoned entrepreneur, strategy consultant, technologist and business development executive. david lim @david-lim-a advisor china korea business development director china david has experience business development asia. native korean who has lived china for more than years. insead mba who studied with artem france. business development director for china one major global logistics companies. worked various marketing and investment projects for korean government seoul before his mba. his working experience covers both private companies and government authorities. david lived and worked shanghai, singapore, hong kong, jakarta, and seoul. currently, based shanghai and keen develop new business with digital transformation. writing his first book about china's digital transformation, which will published sergio pereira @sergiopreira advisor co-founder and managing director comparaja sergio pereira financial expert with over years experience. ever since graduating from imperial college london with electric and electronic engineering and management degree and mba business administration from insead, sergio has worked various industries from automotive manufacturing consulting. throughout his career, sergio has occupied management positions such prominent companies toyota and bcg before co-founding the comparaja financial comparison platform and acting its managing director present. sergiu draganus @sergiudraganus advisor co-founder and ceo cryptocoin.pro sergiu draganus serial entrepreneur and specialist with over years experience. throughout his career, sergiu has occupied variety positions companies from various industries. has served ceo, concept architect, board member and technical advisor for leading companies and ranking agencies and crypto projects. the companies has worked include such eminent names virtual invest, eranker, boostit, ipsx, swiss crypto exchange and others. also the co-founder cryptocoin.pro. ali kassab @ali-kassab- advisor chairman ceo centurion ali kassab, self-made businessman and serial entrepreneur with over years experience across multinational cloud software and digital payment companies. his expertise nurturing and building entrepreneurship ecosystems the mena region from scratch. innovator and technology enthusiast. has led successful projects europe, north africa and the middle east. javier gonzalez @javieregonzalez advisor founder venturespec javier gonzalez has wealth experience startup founder. former rocket internet and currently provides boutique advisory services post-seed for ventures. javier holds mba from insead, well telecommunications engineer masters from ensea france and systems analysis the university miami and other professional certificates. mickey choi blockshain advisor mickey global business ceo mickey choi has been serving representative the stock market community korea and has been presenting his experience small shareholder various business fields since currently, has experience blockchain early investor and businessman who involved ico project analysis, marketing, incubation and consulting for investors many countries around the world. mickey expert the korean market and has been involved its blockchain integration and development for several years. risks risks and strategies for their mitigation risk mitigation strategy significance probability appearance large programmatic digital marketing competitor. strategic focus developing technological advantages (increasing algorithm effectiveness distributing advertising offers among platform participants). introduction stringent regulations blockchain key jurisdictions and following market shrinkage. strategy geographic diversification and thorough monitoring information about possible changes the policies regulating blockchain technologies across key markets. delays the development the ubex beta version for initial public release. expansion developer staff and transfer development non-key modules outsourced studios and contractors. decrease advertising budgets the market result negative macroeconomic conditions flexible redistribution marketing budgets taking into account actual forecasts digital advertising budgets key geographic areas. attempts tricking the real-time analysis automatically revealed neural network algorithm patterns suspicious activities the part increasing ratings through participants. deal imitation. ubex token liquidity decrease result unprecedented price hikes. increasing token fragmentation and creation stabilizing fund from part the commissions. legal considerations (l) legal implications with ubex tokens ubex tokens are blockchain tokens, which are digital tokens created blockchain part decentralized software protocol. ubex tokens are crypto-tokens issued the ethereum platform the basis erc standard contract. ubex tokens are payment tokens designed support transactions the ubex platform. ubex not grant their holder ownership equity the company the right participate the control, direction, decision making the company. individuals, businesses, and other organizations should carefully weigh the risks, costs, and benefits acquiring ubex tokens. make promises with respect the future performance value ubex tokens, including promise inherent value, promise continuing payments, and guarantee that ubex tokens will not decrease value hold any particular value. ubex tokens are nonrefundable. ubex purchasers shall accept sole and exclusive risk for the purchase the ubex tokens and shall recognize that the ubex platform currently development and may undergo significant changes. please refer the risks associated with ubex acquisition the relevant section our terms and conditions. this concept fundamental the objective the ubex platform spread cryptocurrency the global economy. limitations purchasing and using ubex tokens. legal limitations july the securities and exchange commission ruled that some tokens can considered securities and are thereby subject the agency's regulation. the ruling followed sec investigation into german corporation, backing group called the dao (decentralized autonomous organization), that raised million its ico. the dao issued coins that were used pursue automated contribution strategy, which entitled token owners receive rewards similar dividends. for more details https://www.sec.gov/litigation/investreport/-.pdf. the sec also forced protostarr, decentralized application allowing content creators receive funding from fans and contributors return for channel earnings, shut down midway through its token sale. offering dividends and profit-sharing, these companies were clearly offering security and failed the howey test created the supreme court evaluate securities. under the howey test, transaction contribution contract if: contribution funds. there expectation profits from the contribution. the contribution money common enterprise. any profit that comes from the efforts promoter third party determine whether certain transactions qualify "contribution contracts." ubex payment token used pay for ubex platform services. ubex tokens are not linked real assets and not grant their holders ownership any share the company any dividends. such, ubex tokens cannot construed securities and pass the howey test as: ubex tokens are not purchased with expectation profit potential appreciation. ubex tokens not represent common enterprise, the ubex platform operational prior offers contributions. ubex tokens shall purchased affiliates, publishers and other network participants their service providers pre-purchase services the ubex platform. ubex tokens not represent contribution contract with expectation profits from the entrepreneurial managerial efforts others. ubex tokens are not intended for contribution currency speculation and ubex reserves the right refuse sell its tokens any purchaser that does not prove bona fide intent purchasing the tokens for their intended purpose. all contributions decisions are made directly the holder ubex tokens, independent other holders ubex tokens the management the ubex platform. canada, singapore and hong kong legal limitations singapore, canada and hong kong have all imposed legal limitations token sales. july the monetary authority singapore (mas) stated that tokens fall under its jurisdiction they "constitute products regulated under the securities and futures act." some offers may subject the sfa, while others may not. all issuers digital tokens, intermediaries facilitating advising offer digital tokens and platforms facilitating trading digital tokens should, therefore, seek independent legal advice ensure they comply with all applicable laws and consult mas where appropriate," stated mas officials. august the canadian securities administrators (csa) released notice initial coin offerings (icos) referring the howey test for determining token falls under the definition security. early september the hong kong financial regulator, the securities and futures commission (sfs), announced that tokens issued via icos may classified securities. similar the us, citizens and residents canada, singapore and hong kong can use ubex tokens pay for platform services exchange them for other crypto tokens not linked assets (e.g. bitcoin, ether etc.). south korea (the republic korea) legal limitations the end september south korean financial regulators prohibited domestic companies from participating initial coin offerings. the management ubex reserves the right stop offering ubex south korea its financial regulator prohibits the participation south korean residents and citizens offshore token sales. legal implications smart contract execution ubex tokens are issued the basis smart contract blockchain platform. smart contract digital instrument for the discharge via programming algorithm. ubex smart contracts shall fully comply with the laws applicable their respect and shall ensure compliance with the legal requirements pertaining the confidentiality information. data protection the sale and purchase ubex tokens the ubex platform may require the provision personal data. personal data information used identify individual. examples personal data collected may include names, addresses, email addresses, phone numbers, and fax numbers. personal data may obtained number ways, including application via the project website, correspondence, telephone and fax and email. ensure personal data protection through the implementation internal privacy policy and compliance with the terms use. generally, individual entitled require bank, where they concluded any transaction aimed the removal any data regarding such transaction from the banking system. blockchain does not allow deleting data about any transactions concluded. such, any user conducting transactions via blockchain connected with the purchase and/or disposal ubex tokens shall represent and warrant that they realize the above facts and shall provide waiver renouncing their right require removal any such data from the blockchain. place significant emphasis managing possible legal and regulatory risks and work close partnership with very reputable international law firm protect our users. kyc and anti-fraud pay serious attention know-your client and anti-fraud issues order provide our customers and cryptocurrency holders with transparent business model that safe and involves minimal risk. order ensure that our services are not utilized illegal elements further their criminal motives, intend facilitate our operations means (i) obtaining sufficient information about our clients and verifying customer identity; (ii) conducting ongoing due diligence operations taking place ubex platform; (iii) highlighting suspicious customers and operations. references https://www.magnaglobal.com/wp-content/uploads///magna-december-globalforecast-update-press-release-.pdf https://image.slidesharecdn.com/magnaglobalglobalforecastspr--lvaapp//magna-global-advertising-forecasts-global-advertising-market---. jpg?cb= https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/new-magna-report-programmatic-goes-mainstream-vincentletang/ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dowacb_sja&feature=youtu.be http://www.dentsuaegisnetwork.com/danadspend https://www.incapsula.com/blog/bot-traffic-report-.html https://www.juniperresearch.com/press/press-releases/ad-fraud-to-cost-advertisers-$-billionin- http://www.adweek.com/digital/iab-study-says--desktop-users-turn-ad-blockers-/ https://www.iabuk.com/press-release/-britons-online-are-blocking-ads https://adtagmacros.blogspot.ru///the-display-advertising-technology.html http://hispanicad.com/sites/default/files/m_.gif https://www.zenithmedia.com/wp-content/uploads///adspend-forecasts-june-executive-summary.pdf http://www.advertology.ru/article.htm http://www.media-marketing.com/en/news/social-media-ads-to-hit-usbn-in-/ http://kenshoo.com/wp-content/uploads///regional-digital-ad-spend.png http://www.webhostingreviewsbynerds.com/wp-content/plugins/rss-poster/cache/aa_ emarketer-top--countries-ranked-by-total-media-digital-and-mobile-internet-adspending--.jpg http://www.advertology.ru/article.htm https://coinmarketcap.com/charts/ follow and contact social media ubex twitter facebook telegram medium youtube reddit bitcointalk github wechat kakao talk linkedin