copyright uchain table contents table contents abstract current state the sharing economy ecosystem potential growth the sharing economy current problems the sharing economy excessive transaction costs the problem trust data leakage and abuse the uchain solution blockchain solutions excessive transaction costs user credit passport security users' data value recreation: sharing economy the new sharing economy model dependent digital assets distribution technical framework core blockchain layer distributed shared ledger consensus mechanism (rpca) elliptic curve cryptography sdk/api layer smart contract systems modules service layer application layer the uchain ecosystem roles the uchain ecosystem modules strategic partnerships u-bicycle dapp sharing bicycle app service functionality breakdown token economics official token (ucn) staked ucn (ucp) value ucn the team behind uchain uchain team core members advisors partners exclusive partnerships organizational partners institutional investors roadmap token sale disclaimer and other legal statements references copyright uchain abstract uchain whitepaper the next generation distributed smart network blockchain for the sharing economy abstract the market size the global sharing economy expected reach billion dollars according roland berger's report the sharing economy. along with the rapid growth, there are more problems exposed this disruptive business such as: excessive transaction costs centralized platforms charge high commission fees for service matchmaking. the problem trust there effective credit system reflecting both individual credit and organization credit. data leakage and abuse centralized data storage mechanism can easily lead data leakage and misuse. our daily practice, have come realize and attribute these problems the excessive centralization the business. combining u-bicycle's experience the practice sharing transportations along with support from our strategic partners, have been working solution, realizing the way solve these issues will through the implementation truly free peer-to-peer network with the combination blockchain technology along with underlying sense the sharing economy. uchain public infrastructure blockchain network specifically designed for the global sharing economy. along with other sharing economy enterprises, aspire build decentralized worldwide sharing economy ecosystem where every user can exchange value and publish contents freely without intermediaries through uchain and its decentralized autonomous ecosystem, all users and merchants will empowered. copyright uchain current state the sharing economy ecosystem current state the sharing economy ecosystem potential growth the sharing economy the sharing economy also known collaborative economy peer-to-peer economy. one the pioneers the sharing economy, ms. robin chase, has given the formula for the sharing economy: idle resources platform public participation the sharing economy. the era the sharing economy people provide their idle resources, either physical property service through third-party platform for other people exchange for money. current iconic companies the sharing economy can divided into major sectors: shared accommodation (airbnb), shared work-space (we-work), shared services (taskrabbit), shared transportation (uber, didi, grab), shared resources (open garden), shared knowledge (quora), shared medical services (medicast), and shared education (coursera, khan). figure unicorns the sharing economy copyright uchain current state the sharing economy ecosystem figure roland berger's report "the sharing economy" current problems the sharing economy all the iconic sharing economy companies are still generation where users are not truly making communication peer-to-peer. users still obtain matchmaking services through centralized platform. all exchange services and values need managed and distributed through intermediaries, bringing some substantial shortcomings. excessive transaction costs excessive transaction costs have always been the norm the centralized matchmaking business which different the sharing economy. for example, uber's key profit comes from commissions with the rate starting and varying (usually higher) different times and locations. most companies try maximize their profit while reaching their operational kpi (key performance indicator). hence, sometimes they will limit the supply their sharing service order maximize profit. among famous unicorn companies, this practice even more common, since they have gained considerable market share that allows them challenge and test user's acceptance price and service quality. banks and other financial institutes would charge users extra transaction fees, with more costs being added the user they're using fiat via the default payment gateway. the problem trust trust essential for the sharing economy. order make transaction possible, the consumers and suppliers the market have achieve mutual trust first. traditional technology has not been able solve the problem trust between people through technical means. result, the platform, acting intermediary, vouches for both parties facilitate the transaction. sometimes collects deposits collateral from both parties reduce the financial risk, which has virtually increased the barriers and cost the sharing economy. copyright uchain current state the sharing economy ecosystem data leakage and abuse the sharing economy and the companies behind have benefited everyone, bringing more convenient lifestyle. the same time, more users give out their identity information for registration purposes. present, most companies and sharing economy platforms store users' data centralized databases. the server breached any inappropriate internal management conduction performed, large number sensitive data would the risk theft and leakage. uber's user data breach, the data leak was due inappropriate user data access third-party cloud services performed two people outside the company. hackers gained access over u.s. driver's name and license numbers, well the personal information million uber users worldwide, including e-mail addresses and mobile phone numbers. equifax, the largest credit rating company, also leaked million users' data from various malicious attacks, which equates nearly half the u.s. population's information. data abuse also common social phenomenon, with users having provide their personal information such phone numbers and email addresses the sharing platform their choice. after obtaining user's information, instead complying with the user agreement, some companies use this data for other purposes, with some cases showing being sold for money. the recent facebook-cambridge analytica data scandal involves the collection personally identifiable information million facebook users that cambridge analytica began collecting the data was used influence voter opinion behalf politicians who hire them. not only users not have control over their own data, they sometimes will also troubled all kinds harassment. figure pain points the sharing economy copyright uchain the uchain solution the uchain solution the essence blockchain autonomous peer-to-peer network. can achieve tamper-proof, decentralized and fully autonomous ecology that everyone can participate in, which coincides with the nature the sharing economy. the sharing economy peer-to-peer business model that would far more advanced state with the application blockchain. the idea behind the community autonomy would inspire people around the world participate and benefit from the development uchain. blockchain solutions excessive transaction costs uchain will establish decentralized blockchain network. during the peer-to-peer transaction settlement between user and service providers, intermediaries will cut off and estimate reduce the transaction fee nearly during the transaction, uchain's token will used transaction certificate when the user subscribes purchases service, such booking room. the user may need freeze certain amount tokens deposit, which will released upon completion the transaction. the whole transaction process will handled smart contracts and cross-chain hosting technology ensure the authenticity, legality, and compliance. with users and merchants using ucn for transacting, will able achieve real-time settlement and eliminate the risk and cost involved with the usual way payment existing platforms user credit passport uchain records transaction activities the blockchain, which broadcasted and stored nodes the network. this distributed ledger tamperproof with and fully traceable, creating decentralized and unbreakable "chain trust." this "chain trust", uchain will establish credit passport mechanism open all sharing service providers. keeping track all participants' behavior once the user's credit passport verified the service provider, they can use identity authentication and directly transact without having pay deposit. uchain will integrated with variety sharing economy enterprises specialized travel, travel, accommodation, knowledge, and education industry. the nearby future, users can use different occasions for various services, bringing them much smoother experience security users' data uchain records user and service provider's data the blockchain, such identity information, property information, transaction records and reviews different services. instead storing and accessing data from centralized database, store and extract data through distributed storage scheme with private key, which means that data cannot tampered with and only accessible the owner. users and service providers have sign with their private key they want revise their information, with all changes being fully traceable. with the distributed storage scheme, data will encrypted, split, shredded and scattered different nodes. retrieval any single piece data stored node will not complete readable. ensures that single node compromised, does not reveal full information. when uchain records data the blockchain, actually storing the address where they can retrieve this data. uchain able modify user's data access through smart contract, only under the user's authorization. when users authorize the merchants access their data, the authorization information such access time and operation log, along with the user's public key signature will recorded the blockchain, making all actions traceable, eliminating the possibility data misappropriation. value recreation: sharing economy the new sharing economy model the sharing economy intermediary platforms play important role facilitating the transactions between users, whilst charging commissions for this service. all transaction settlements are dealt with fiat, however, the new sharing economy era, users are connected peer-to-peer without intermediaries and commissions, with all transactions being settled the local token. copyright uchain the uchain solution addition, our underlying blockchain architecture will provide users and enterprises the opportunity distribute their own tokens. through uchain, users can easily share, pay, and settle sharing services. uchain also encourages users and service providers contribute their idle resources the ecosystem for more token rewards and community interaction. dependent digital assets distribution uchain will look cut out the intermediaries developing peer-to-peer transaction network, giving the benefits back users and service providers. furthermore, the service providers can issue their own digital assets, tokenizing their own sharing services. besides acting the main circulating currency for every transaction taking place the uchain ecosystem, ucn can also employed the basic unit exchange for other tokens issued service providers who decide build within the ecosystem. any dapps built top uchain can issue their own token and develop its sub ecosystem. for example, u-parking, strategic partner, can build their own dapp with our infrastructure blockchain and various api services provided. addition developing their own dapp, they can also issue their own token exchange for ucn from their service users. u-parking can use all ucn raised from its token sale pay for api services provided uchain. users can use its native token pay for sharing parking services provided u-parking with exclusive offer. u-parking could also build its sub ecosystem where its users can participate and own these tokens such contributing their idle parking spots. more and more sub-ecosystems issue their own tokens, uchain will also build dex (decentralized exchange) provide liquidity options for these tokens. copyright uchain technical framework technical framework uchain's overall product structure can divided into four layers: core blockchain layer, api sdk layer, service layer, and application layer. the uchain platform uses middleware technology that combines innovative blockchain technology with traditional database technologies enable the creation tables similar traditional databases the blockchain, enabling rapid conversion platform data between local databases and blockchains. only using this technology can ensure that complex data and historical reviews within shared economy applications can stored intact, well-structured and quickly the blockchain. the uchain platform adopts the same properties that all blockchain data cannot tampered with, including service providers' transaction records, historical reviews, and other structured data ensure legitimacy. figure uchain's overall product structure copyright uchain technical framework core blockchain layer distributed shared ledger uchain deploying decentralized peer-to-peer distributed storage technique applying dht (distributed hash table) based distributed storage protocol, with data being indexed file content (hash) instead file path (url). large files will partitioned into fixed-size data chunks and distributed across multiple nodes. each file fragment indexed hash value, which stored the distributed hash table each node. when the user needs extract the complete file, the kademlia dht algorithm will retrieve the file fragments from the distributed storage network, and reassemble into complete file. each server node does not have complete file even full fragment index from one file. therefore, single server compromised hackers, they cannot obtain complete file data. the customer's sensitive data, track data with core values and unstructured data the platform, including avatars and photos, are all stored distributed storage network. the data hash index will also saved the blockchain. comparing the hash later can identify the authenticity the data. one the main problems with this kind system the need balance between redundancy and reliability. this conflict resolved through implementing token incentives and backbone nodes. users can choose reliability for files, low-reliability files can stored and accessed for free minimum cost. highly reliable files will provided stable and reliable services from backbone nodes. the block data structure uchain follows: public class block //block public uint version; public uint prevblock; public uint merkleroot; public uint timestamp; public uint bits; public ulong nonce; public uint nextminer; public byte[] script; public transaction[] transactions; version connected block hash value the transaction list timestamp reserved field random number bookkeeper next block signature transaction list consensus mechanism (rpca) when choosing consensus mechanism algorithm, uchain considered several mainstream algorithms, including pow, pos, dpos, dbft, and rpca (ripple protocol consensus algorithm), and finally chose rpca uchain's consensus algorithm utilizing the fact that rpca designed primarily for transaction speed, aligning with various scenario needs the sharing economy. the information can broadcasted efficiently every node few seconds with high performance and high byzantine fault tolerance. moreover, the rpca algorithm has been proven robust and effective with ripple. transaction speed and high concurrency are two benchmarks evaluate the system designed for the sharing economy, and with that ruled out pow and pos, which are slow block generation, thus, heavily reducing transaction speed. the main purpose rpca designed for transaction speed, which also meets the scenarios the sharing economy. the information can broadcasted efficiently every node few seconds with high performance and high byzantine fault tolerance. moreover, the rpca algorithm has been proven robust and effective ripple. the uchain network generates new block every few seconds reaching consensus through the rpca algorithm, assuming that the consensus process successful and there fork the network. the newly generated block unique across the entire network. the rpca algorithm completes the transaction two stages, the first achieve consensus the transaction set, the second propose the newly generated block and add the blockchain. the consensus achievement transaction set carried out sub-rounds. the following operations are performed each round: each node collects many possible consensus-required transactions possible the "candidate set" the beginning the consensus. each node makes union its "candidate set" the list trusted nodes and votes for each transaction. copyright uchain technical framework the unl service nodes will communicate node node about the result the votes. the transactions that reach certain approval percentage will reach the next round. others will discarded re-elected the next consensus process round. the final round, all transactions with more than approval votes will placed consensus transaction set. the transaction set here similar bitcoin and the structure merkle tree. after the transaction set formed, each node starts pack new blocks. the process packaging blocks follows: the creation block hash consisting the following: new block number the merkle tree root hash the consensus transaction set the parent block hash the current timestamp. each node broadcasts its own block hash its visible nodes. the visible nodes not only refer the nodes the trusted list but also the nodes that can discovered through the node discovery process. after the node collects the hash the block broadcasted the nodes all its trusted lists, combines the block hash generated itself calculate ratio for each block hash. the ratio certain hash exceeds the threshold (usually considered the block hash that achieves consensus. your own hash agrees, indicates that the block you packed has been confirmed, agreed upon and therefore stored locally while its status also updated the same time. your hash different from the consensus hash, then you will required node with the correct hash block and request the new block information, store locally and update the current state. there hash above set threshold for block then consensus process restarted until the condition met. this point, the consensus process one block ends and the next round follows. consistency rpca ensured the connectivity sub-networks other sub-networks. ensure that the blockchain not forked each sub-network must maintain connectivity with least the entire network node. while achieving connectivity forking the blockchain impossible; for instance, the consensus block hash obtained sub-network inconsistent with that the entire network, the consensus requirements cannot reached. figure rpca sub-networks must maintain least connectivity during each round voting, the node will collect the response time each node its unl (unique node list), and the nodes with regular slow response times will eliminated, unl can maintain high communication efficiency. under the condition effective communication, the rpca (robust principal component analysis) algorithm can guarantee generate block every seconds. the test tps around which will cover most use cases. elliptic curve cryptography uchain uses ecc (elliptic curve cryptography) sign digital assets ensure the security every transaction. the public key can calculated from known private key. ecc widely regarded the most powerful asymmetric algorithm given the key length, which has been fully exercised the bitcoin network. copyright uchain technical framework ecc: secpk elliptic-curve cryptography (ecc) approach public-key cryptography based the algebraic structure elliptic curves over finite fields. ecc requires smaller keys compared non-ecc cryptography (based plain galois fields) provide equivalent security. elliptic curves are applicable for key agreements, digital signatures, pseudo-random generators and other tasks. indirectly, they can used for encryption combining the key agreement with symmetric encryption scheme. the elliptic curve refers homogeneous equation: axy the combination numbers and shapes, determined the plain curve, where the coefficient defined domain, number field which can rational, irrational complex. which one used the ecc cryptosystem defined the finite field gf(pr). special point called the infinity point and all the points the ellipse form set together with defined addition operation form abel group each point the curve must non-singular. so-called "non-singular" "smooth" mathematics means that there tangent any point the curve. figure secpk's elliptic curve figure secpk random scattered points graph this graph secpk's elliptic curve over the real numbers. note that because secpk actually defined over the field its graph will reality look like random scattered points, seen figure secpk refers the parameters the ecdsa curve, and defined standards for efficient cryptography (sec) secpk was almost never used before bitcoin became popular, but now gaining popularity. most commonlyused curves have random structure, but secpk was constructed special non-random way which allows for especially efficient computation. result, often more than faster than other curves the implementation sufficiently optimized. unlike the popular nist curves, secpk's constants were selected predictable way, which significantly reduces the possibility that the curve's creator inserted any sort backdoor into the curve. technical details excerpted from standards for efficient cryptography (sec the elliptic curve domain parameters over associated with koblitz curve secpk are specified the sextuplet (p, where the finite field defined by: ffffffff ffffffff ffffffff ffffffff ffffffff ffffffff fffffffe fffffcf the curve over defined by: copyright uchain technical framework the base point compressed form is: bee fdcbbac ceb bfcdb dced and uncompressed form: bee fdcbbac ceb bfcdb dced ada dafbfc fdb cdf fbdb finally the order and the cofactor are: ffffffff ffffffff ffffffff fffffffe baaedce afab bfdec properties secpk has characteristic defined over the prime field some other curves common use have characteristic and are defined over binary galois field gf(n however secpk not one them. the constant zero, the term the curve equation always zero, hence the curve equation becomes copyright uchain technical framework sdk/api layer smart contract systems uchain's smart contracts include transaction processing and storage mechanisms, well complete state machine for accepting and processing various smart contracts, transaction storage and state processing are done the blockchain. transactions mainly contain data that needs sent and the descriptions said data are referred events. after the transaction and event information passed the smart contract, the resource status the contract resource set will updated, triggering the smart contract perform state machine judgment. the trigger condition one more actions the automatic state machine satisfied, the contract automatically executed the state machine according the preset information. according the trigger condition contained the event description information, the smart contract system automatically sends out preset data resources and events including trigger conditions from the smart contract when the trigger condition satisfied. the core the entire smart contract system that all the transactions and events handled the smart contract are still exported transactions and events. the smart contract just system transaction modules and state machines. does not generate smart contracts, nor does modify smart contracts, only exists set complex digital promises with triggering conditions that can properly implemented according the participants' will. smart contract construction and execution multiple users participate formulating smart contract. the contract spread through the network and stored the blockchain. smart contracts embedded within the blockchain are automatically executed. the following steps describe detail the process phase "multi-user participation formulating smart contract": the user must first register the blockchain. the blockchain returns pair public and private keys the user, the public key used the account's address within the blockchain, and the private key the only way manage the account. two more parties, based need, agree contract that includes the rights and obligations both parties, these rights and obligations are programmed machine language. the contract signed both parties with their private key ensure the validity the contract. the signed smart contract will transmitted the blockchain network along with its content. the following steps describe detail the process phase "contracts are transmitted through the uchain network and stored the blockchain": the contract transmits across the entire blockchain network through communication. each node receives copy. the verification node the blockchain first saves the received contract into memory and waits for new round consensus trigger and process the contract. when consensus arrives, the verification node will pack all the contracts saved the most recent period together into set, calculate the hash value the contract set, and finally assemble the hash values the contract set into block structure, spreading the entire network. other verification nodes will receive the hash the contained contract collection and compare with their own saved contract set. sending selfapproved contract set other verification nodes, through this multiple rounds transmission and comparison, all verification nodes eventually agree the latest set contracts within specified time. the latest contract set will transmitted the entire network the structure blocks. shown the following figure, each block contains the following information: hash value the current block hash value the previous block the timestamp when consensus was reached other descriptive information. copyright uchain technical framework the most important piece information the blockchain set contracts that have reached consensus. the node that receives the contract set will verify each contract and its participants' signature and the verified contract will written the blockchain. figure schematic diagram smart contracts within blockchain blocks the following steps describe the process phase "built-in blockchain smart contracts auto-execute" the smart contract periodically traverses the state machines and checks their current status, transactions, and trigger conditions contained each contract one one. the conditionally satisfied transaction then pushed into the queue verified and awaits consensus, transactions that not satisfy the trigger condition will remain the blockchain. the events the most recent verification process will transmitted each verification node. like common blockchain events transactions, the verification node first performs signature verification ensure the validity the events. verified events will enter the pending consensus set wait for the majority verification nodes reach consensus. once reached, the events will successfully executed and notify the user. after the event successfully executed, the state machine the smart contract will determine its status. after all the events included the contract are sequentially executed, the state machine marks the status the contract completed and removes from the latest block. will otherwise marked "in progress" and continue saved the latest block for the next round processing until marked completed. the entire event and its status are processed and completed the smart contract system built into the blockchain core. fully transparent and tamper-proof. achieve more transparent ecosystem our platform will adopt variety methods support the sharing economy service providers developing dapps and smart contracts including; blockchain virtual machines that support c++ and solidity languages programming. convenient sql commands within our smart contract storage system, due our blockchain database storage features. copyright uchain technical framework modules basic service management module the basic service deployed all blockchain nodes verify the validity the service request and record valid request after reaching consensus. for new service request, the basic service adapts and analyzes the interface first and then performs authentication processing. after the transaction contract signed and encrypted, added the block and broadcasted achieve consensus between nodes. consensus achieved, will added the next block. user management module our user management module responsible for managing the identity information all blockchain participants, including maintenance public and private key generation, key storage management, and maintenance the relationship between user's real identity and their blockchain address. with authorization, also supervises and audits certain transactions. smart contract management module our smart contract module responsible for the registering contracts and managing the trigger conditions and execution. after the user programs the contract and broadcasts within the blockchain, the contract signed both parties will executed the conditions written within, are met. transaction mechanism transaction the activity changing rights assets contracts. uchain has designed several types transactions and all them contain input list, output list, signature list and transaction type related data. create new user issued asset, the user can define the type, name, total amount and the administrator account for specific assets. creating assets requires consumption certain number tokens additional service charge. contract transaction: specifies all participated transactions and can determine whether they are required confirm acceptance according asset type each transaction. the counterparty may choose accept (sign) reject (ignore). agency transaction: not specifying counterparty, but appointing agent. this agent responsible for matching the counterparty each transaction. the "superconducting transaction" achieved through this transaction type. the data structure the superconducting transaction follows: public class order order ticket public uint assetid; public uint valueassetid; public uint agent; public fixed amount; public fixed price; public uint client; public transactioninput[] inputs; public byte[][] scripts; asset price unit agent total transaction volume transaction price client transaction input signature list copyright uchain technical framework credit rating system what traditional credit rating model? the case fico [], credit scores are dependent five dimensions: payment history, number accounts, length credit card usage, type credits, and number new accounts. enterprise credit report systems are alike, they all contain information such bank credit reports, tax reports etc. the data based credit rating models share one common flaw, reliability the rating depends the reliability its model. credit information not direct but indirect data. how perform credit rating through blockchain; user consensus coin days destroyed all need raw transaction data because blockchain transactions deal with the direction time, the marginal cost repeated consumption longer zero, it's proportional coin days destroyed. coin days destroyed very important concept blockchain. for any given transaction calculated taking the number coins transaction and multiplying the number days since those coins were spent. someone has coins they received days ago and they spend today, then coin days have been destroyed. using coin days destroyed the weighting factor for credit evaluation can prevent cheaters repeatedly transfer tokens between two accounts increase credit. this can also prevent intentional negative reviews since higher coin days destroyed means higher weight transaction the credit evaluation. when cheater with two trading accounts tries give himself high credit score transferring coins between accounts repeatedly within day, only the first transaction will count, the total weight coin days destroyed for all transactions the cheater performed almost equals the amount the first transaction the final credit evaluation. this will also the same for the users that have malicious intent and try use small value transactions purposely create bad ratings. will have little effect the user's credit. the weighted model refers the credit evaluation score obtained the user multiplied the coin days destroyed the transaction get the user's final credit score. the model follows: i-n {-,,} user's final credit score. the credit score user obtains when the ith transaction done. coin days destroyed ith transaction. the value transaction the period time between ith transaction and the last transaction before it. addition, uchain also introduces credit data from third-party credit rating agencies part the "user credit pass" ecosystem. responsible for providing reliable algorithm get the user information from uchain's dapps obtain reliable data analysis result thus achieving reliable credit output and ucn reward. copyright uchain technical framework service layer account management module our account management module responsible for the identity authentication the user's account, including the registration, login, and logout process, along with irrelevant private key processing the account. when the account registered, the identity information such the username and password used the original user mapped the uchain blockchain address. after the account logged in, blockchain-related service requests can sent. for situations with high degree transaction confidentiality, the user may choose irrelevant processing with the blockchain address, that different transactions the same user are not repeatedly recorded the block, thereby, improving user security and transaction confidentiality. policy management module our policy management module includes "policy configuration", "data security", "access control" and "regulation and audit", which are responsible for permission control and management user data, private key system, nodes joining and exiting, and data access. also includes audit permission, account delegation permission, node consensus permission and data access permission. the audit permission provide the auditing function for the supervisory authority with control over data scope and access permission, linking users who are not relevant transactions the shared ledger. the account delegation permission used control the access the user account through delegation. consensus permission manages the access permission newly joining nodes. access permissions are used manage the client's data query from the blockchain. system management module order for the sharing service provider able quickly migrate its existing service uchain, uchain provides complete, express, and visualized operation monitoring system. mainly includes system configuration, monitoring, alarm, release, and service analysis functions. operation scenarios such the initial deployment the system, upgrade running programs, and node expansion during operation can supported the releasing module. the releasing module guarantees the consistency executable programs such interfaces, consensus algorithms, and other important modules. smart contract management module uchain smart contract can categorized into two types: standard contracts and custom contracts. standard contracts include relatively simple logic, such asset consistency check, automatic deal closure, multi-party mutual confirmation transfer, and automatic maturity settlement. user customized smart contracts support customized configuration and added business logic existing contract templates, which also support complex programmed contracts that run separate environment. smart contracts are processed four procedures; contract registration: the contract, along with its contents signed participating parties will broadcasted through the uchain network and stored our blockchain after consensus reached. contract trigger: after the contract registered, the contract execution can triggered external condition being reached, such timing, event, transaction, etc. contract execution: contract execution refers the complete process running the contract code separate environment, including building mirror environment for the contract, where code executed, and consensus reached after the state changes and consensus exception handled. contract termination: the contract will terminated cleaned has been executed, expired business logic change made. the process cleaning requires multi-node consensus before can completed. copyright uchain technical framework application layer figure uchain open platform structure open platform for enterprise level providers through api sdk uchain's open platform, enterprises the sharing economy can build dapps simply migrate their existing app onto uchain. after completing registration third-party operator they will receive value-added services which include the ability obtain new customers and tokens. our open platform will provide services that include the use smart contracts, automatic split payments, key data chain inquiry, uip, user credit ratings and series marketing functions. through uchain's data analysis system can achieve the following goals; sharing companies can access the platform, integrate resources across the platform, and cooperate with others achieve win-win results, thus developing more competitive and valuable ecosystem. companies can update their company database, uploading user data and delivering valuable contents. integrate company's online software and offline hardware grow into complete ecosystem. through data analysis, breach penalty, information encryption and enterprise alliance sub-systems, supports various business scenarios, expanding uchain ecosystem and increasing users' engagement. transparent accounting and data management systems and improving the company's credibility publishing and executing necessary actions such data analysis, automatic split payment, incentive schemes, key data inquiry and ucn token transfers. improved data collection capabilities well more accurate data analysis produce user reports including; daily application, application environment, personal data models. better data evaluation, structural improvements and reduction operating costs. through uchain's wallet sub-system: provide companies and users with improved account information management for better utilization their ucn tokens. with gateway access smart hardware/shared products censors, integrates user's data along with big data analysis thus improving the user experience. copyright uchain the uchain ecosystem the uchain ecosystem figure the uchain ecosystem mechanics roles the uchain ecosystem there are two major roles that drive the ecosystem, users and developers. users can categorized service users, independent service providers, and enterprise service providers. independent developers uchain foundation developers create and maintain the infrastructure. they interact with each other, establishing their distinct values make uchain better ecosystem. users users are the foundation the whole ecosystem. service users can pay ucn for any interesting service provided the dapps based uchain simply make transactions uchain's transaction platform. independent service providers can acquire ucn either contributing their idle resources properties through the dapps. enterprises enterprise service providers can develop specialized dapps with uchain infrastructure provide services. they will paid with matching amount ucn the automatic payment functionality implemented smart-contracts, after user's use the dapp along with the incentive ucn provided the ecosystem. enterprises can also pay ucn for uchain's infrastructure services and uchain will purchase ucn back depending the development the whole ecosystem. all enterprises that join the uchain ecosystem not only acquire additional user resources but also enhance their values cooperating and participating the development the uchain sharing economy network. independent developers developers are the diversified and formidable force the uchain ecosystem. uchain open ecology from day one. aspire develop open and trustworthy platform with the employment blockchain technology. capable individuals organizations can participate the development uchain infrastructure dapps. copyright uchain the uchain ecosystem modules ucn reward program uchain will launch ecosystem reward program with ucn. the network rewards distinguished contributors, individuals organizations, poa (proof activity) algorithm. this program will update the reward token pool dynamic elasticity and recalculate the incentive fixed intervals distribute corresponding tokens the wallets. urc- standard uchain provides sharing service providers with the ability issue and manage their own tokens. sharing service providers (individuals organizations) are free distribute digital assets according the urc- standard. users can invest these digital assets gain from their development. urc- standard: the urc- standard interface standard for token issuance uchain. markup api that allows tags implemented smart contracts. the standard provides basic functions for transferring tokens and allows the token approved that can used the third party. the standard interface allows any token uchain reused other applications from wallets decentralized exchanges. api documents and example code will also provided. digital asset registration platform our digital asset registration platform the entrance for asset holders contribute uchain. users need register their assets before they put them into the sharing services offered. this also one the important basic services that the sharing enterprise needs create dapps. when building sharing economy dapp, the enterprise integrates the asset registration process through the built-in apis and sdks provided the registration platform. user credit passport system uchain will create intelligent passport (uip) for every user, this passport used password key for users pass through different blockchains. designed based user's unique identification and through decentralized user authentication (kyc), uchain will connect fragments left users different applications create their credit centers and store them decentralized way. will then look use encryption technology segregate the data for privacy and safety purposes. one can access user information and its original credit data. uchain will implement obtain user data from various platforms then perform analysis based said data. will analyze user's behavior data and study obtain users digital image. more data gathered, this digital image will grow match users' real-life characteristics. user data will layered credit, defining user's credit level and this will reflected applications built uchain that both sides the transaction will able access it, solving the problem trust. general transaction platform module uchain will create general transaction platform module with integrations several basic features such map, payment gateway, and account management that enterprises can easily build their own marketplace top it. has the following characteristics: data liberation: implementing dht (distributed hash table) for storage and distribution will provide free and reliable upload, storage, transmitting and publishing platform. fast transaction: our "superconducting transactions" can facilitate safe and high-speed business grade transactions millisecond level incorporating push technology. enabling product: through blockchain technology, can stimulate personal contributions expand the ecosystem, facilitating production, distribution, and transmission shared properties. copyright uchain the uchain ecosystem digital wallet uchain will provide digital wallet services for all participants the uchain ecosystem. they can store ucn and any other urc- tokens their wallets. uchain will also integrate decentralized exchange (dex) the wallet realize the exchange different tokens each sub-ecological ecosystem uchain meet the demands all participants, building uchain healthier and more dynamic ecosystem. figure uchain and related sharing economy sectors strategic partnerships u.b. group holding the world's leading internet organization that focuses shared travel. the company registered the cayman islands and has undergone and completed successful four rounds raising. company shareholders include several public companies and tier international investment firms. over million users combined operational continents, countries, cities. over million application downloads over million daily transactions over million monthly active users u-bicycle has engaged business operations areas such canada, usa, china and south east asia along with plans launch germany, britain and other countries. u-bicycle's business areas include bike sharing, e-bike sharing, car sharing and smart parking lots. u.b. group holding currently owns: u-bicycle x-bike localking grabcycle u-park u-car (fourth largest bike sharing platform the world.) (also known campus bike, frontier brand for sharing bicycles chinese colleges) (the taiwanese transport sharing market leader) (holds shares grab's southeast asia bike sharing brand) (pioneering brand for smart parking services) (innovations brand for car sharing services.) the company has independent research, development and design teams, supply chains, logistics distribution groups, operations and maintenance teams, big data services, marketing and other travel industry chain services bicycles, electric cars, and automobiles, parking lots electronic equipment and intelligent equipment for smart parking lots. copyright uchain the uchain ecosystem u.b.group holding's headquarters are located vancouver alongside other main offices shanghai and singapore with more operational offices around the world. the bicycle sharing service, u-bicycle has over million registered users currently located east asia, south east asia, north america, etc. u-bicycle focuses the sharing economy, derived explicitly from the global issues urban mobility, tackling the fight against difficult transportation and parking methods. aim alleviate these issues through our smart and innovative services, consisting departments bicycles, smart devices, r&d, supply chain logistics, maintenance and operations, and big data services. copyright uchain the uchain ecosystem copyright uchain u-bicycle dapp u-bicycle dapp sharing bicycle app service u-bicycle will launch its sharing bicycle application uchain, which will also the first sharing service platform based the blockchain. the u-bicycle app already developed ios and can easily migrated uchain after its mainnet launch. users can either rent bicycles the platform contribute their idle bicycles exchange for rewards. all user and transaction data from the u-bicycle dapp will stored the uchain blockchain. through uchain's technical solution for the sharing economy enterprise and its tokenized community management, u-bicycle will achieve faster growth, increased user engagement and higher operation efficiency. figure the u-bicycle app copyright uchain u-bicycle dapp functionality breakdown figure u-bicycle app functionality breakdown application layer the u-bicycle dapp provides following functions: search function for nearby bicycles based real-time location map function with straight vacant bicycles illustration unlocking function with easy code scan payment function monthly bicycle service subscription reviews and suggestions red envelope rewards copyright uchain u-bicycle dapp service layer red envelope reward order increase the use efficiency the bicycles, u-bicycle will implement smart contracts, that when the use bicycle below certain threshold, will identified red envelope bicycle the dapp. once the user rides red envelope bicycle, certain number tokens will rewarded depending its previous degree use, along with the total distance the user rides. account management service users will register new account with their phone number email address, with each user being assigned unique digital identity that linked their account. the user can link also link their digital wallet the dapp for easier access. all the transaction and user behavior will recorded and associated with their digital identity the blockchain. credit authentication after successful registration, the user will required finish credit authentication before they can use the sharing service. u-bicycle dapp will retrieve the user credit passport based the personal information the user provides. the user credit passport unique for every user and universal across all applications built uchain. the user's credit score passes set level they can rent the bicycle without paying token deposit, however, the user does not meet the required credit score they will required pay deposit, which will returned soon they finish using the bicycle, with everything being executed via smart contract. transaction service all transactions taking place the u-bicycle dapp will dealt ucn. the transaction itself along with its payment information will passed and stored the uchain blockchain. will also used the data source for updating user credit passport. wallet service u-bicycle will also use and connect its dapp the wallet service provided uchain. after the uchain digital wallet successfully associated with user's account, the user can directly use all the wallet services such payment and token transfer inside the dapp. task system the u-bicycle will also have system that distributes operational tasks with token reward. will publish the location-based tasks according the real situation, such moving certain number bicycles from location location due the number bikes being disproportionate. all users location will able view and accept the task and once the bicycle transported location the task considered complete and users will rewarded with tokens, which will displayed prior accepting the task. open platform u-bicycle dapp also provides apis for other enterprises and dapps that would like exercise the sharing bicycle services provided u-bicycle. they can register for the use apis including the map service and payment gateway. asset management service u-bicycle provides users who have bicycle resources with the opportunity digitize their heavy assets earn tokens. besides the bicycles owned u-bicycle, users can also contribute their idle bicycles the platform after they register them within the uchain digital asset registration platform, renting them other users, and earning tokens with ease. blockchain layer data storage the blockchain user and transaction data from u-bicycle dapp will packaged and sent through the consensus mechanism recorded the blockchain after has been signed and encrypted. addition, assets such bicycles from the u-bicycle platform will registered with the asset registration module and stored the blockchain along with its location information, service history and maintenance record that are all tamperproof and traceable. copyright uchain token economics token economics official token (ucn) ucn the basic unit uchain. the value all other tokens derived from ucn. those who wish join leave uchain ecosystem must buy sell ucn. figure ucn use cases staked ucn (ucp) users can get ucp locking their ucn. ucp just ucn with voting power, and such gives the holder higher ecological access. staking: uchain will incentivize holders who keep ucp for long time granting them ucn, the distributing rate will dynamic people who hold and lock ucn for long time will get extra bonuses. ucp not exchangeable nor tradable. investing long-term value, the whole ecology can achieve its ideal vision besides making short-term gains. the same time, token holders will enjoy vitality from the development our ecosystem. long-term holding community members will the backbone uchain's ecology. the world cryptocurrency, see short-term investors continuously looking for cryptocurrencies with higher potential value. uchain aspires build autonomous ecology full people with shared values. copyright uchain token economics value ucn the official digital currency uchain, ucn has huge potential market value, this value quantifiable. mentioned previously, the market scale the global shared economy will reach billion dollars. within it, centralized platforms the matchmaker stand make about the profit. the business grows, more applications are implemented and more data collected. credit evaluation and technology services will become more valuable the market. ucn not only digital currency but also base currency for all the derivatives uchain. transaction value: ucn circulated all dapps built top uchain payment for all kinds transactions. supply chain vouchers: ucn can used vouchers for the purchase assets from suppliers (sharing bicycles, smart devices, etc.). data contribution rewards: users will rewarded with ucn they decide contribute their data the development the ecosystem. value-added services: ucn can used for payment api services provided uchain. community rewards: ucn will rewarded the community contributors such third-party developers and community operators. user incentives: ucn can earned improving your community activity such on-boarding more users and creating valuable content. fees: all fees will denominated ucn such transaction fee from sharing services and dex. delivery: ucn can also paid for advertisements deliver through the uchain advertising system. copyright uchain the team behind uchain the team behind uchain uchain team uchain global team with many years experience specifically the technological field. september the head-office was set canada and since then uchain has been recruiting developers, community operators, and team members who are interested the sharing economy. the same time, the team has been looking for partners around the world and has reached strategic cooperation with some outstanding enterprises the sharing economy field. are striving utilize uchain soon possible. core members ian founder and ceo founder and ceo u-bicycle founding team member dianping.com (china's largest service ecommerce platform serving more than million annual active buyers and more than four million annual active local merchants across cities china, also known the chinese yelp). joined dianping.com overseeing dianping's groupon and film departments. former dianping movie "internet weekly" lead product entrepreneurs the year winner international double entrepreneurship new waves "entrepreneur china" ceo the year early bitcoin and mining facility investor grace min co-founder ceo u-bicycle north america ceo dozenfresh international trading founder oval town properties founder international travel ltd bachelor arts sociology education from simon fraser university canada. participating the emba program fudan university (usa china) active crypto investor since copyright uchain the team behind uchain will zhou chief technical officer bachelor science from shanghai jiaotong university big data expert with vast experience developing transaction systems capable handling high tx/s throughput. previous experience; senior engineer telenav (-) director technology dianping technical director ebay (-) technical partner hicto cto u-bicycle (-present) managing the technical team and developing overall system architecture. chris tao chief strategy officer ten years research and practice experience network and distributed systems. member the strategic advisors vancouver startup incubators. mba from wharton business school the university pennsylvania. received microsoft top contributor award and microsoft circle excellence. leading member with the creation office sharepoint lync and dynamics crm projects. previous experience; senior enterprise strategist microsoft business intelligence tech lead microsoft present) lecturer university british columbia present) founding member cso uchain (-present) jason senior architect proficient language with three years experience blockchain development such on-chain off-chain data interaction. previous experience; senior developing engineer ibm china (-) overseeing the development maximo system. system architecture dianping (-) charge system architecture design and development. co-founder technical expert hicto (-) providing technical consulting services for startups. co-founder hicircle (-) hicircle tech consulting firm specialized providing blockchain related consulting services and training services enterprises and businesses with established clients such biwen (bitask.org chinese quora specialized blockchain space), gxs (gxs.gxb.io) and china mobile. copyright uchain the team behind uchain benny liao chief product officer years experience research and development for smart devices. specialist lot (internet things) blockchain technology improve data transmission efficiency and security. blockchain and crypto enthusiast since former product director for; alibaba's autonavi gaode map meizu emg ipc previous experience; senior engineer panasonic (taiwan) (-) development map and navigation services. general product manager yitong map (-) development map and navigation services. general product manager autonav (acquired alibaba group with billion usd valuation) (-) manager (online business) meizu inc. (-) manager (smart device department) u-bicycle (-present) overseeing the development smart devices such smart bicycle and smart lock. mandy chan chief marketing officer bachelor arts communications from simon fraser university vancouver, canada previous experience; brand manager glaxo smith kline (-) overseeing brand promotion and developing various marketing strategies. global marketing manager microsoft (-) overseeing marketing and promotion microsoft products the asian and north america markets. cmo u-bicycle (-present) charge u-bicycle's public relations and marketing north america raviv litman operation director graduated from university victoria with bachelor art degree social science. winner social science and humanities research council canada scholarship and president scholarship. previous experience; operation director dozenfresh international trading city operation director u-bicycle (-present) charge u-bicycle's offline operation and business development north america. copyright uchain the team behind uchain advisors jimmy jonathan ding'an fei founder ceo apex network founder ceo red pulse managing partner ledger capital henry richard wang kenneth hsia venture partner ledger capital partner draper dragon partner badwater capital aaron choi ray valdes partner, badwater capital vice president btcc cto consensys frank zheng shen peng kong huawei managing director wbo ceo water drop chief scientist capital copyright uchain partners partners exclusive partnerships u.b. group holding the world's leading internet organization that focuses shared travel. the company registered the cayman islands and has undergone and completed successful four rounds raising. company shareholders include several public companies and tier international investment firms. over million users combined operational continents, countries, cities. over million application downloads over million daily transactions over million monthly active users u-bicycle has engaged business operations areas such canada, usa, china and south east asia along with plans launch germany, britain and other countries. u-bicycle's business areas include bike sharing, e-bike sharing, car sharing and smart parking lot. the company has independent research, development and design teams, supply chains, logistics distribution groups, operations and maintenance teams, big data services, marketing and other travel industry chain services bicycles, electric cars, and automobiles, parking lots electronic equipment and intelligent equipment for smart parking lots. u.b. group holding currently owns: u-bicycle fourth largest bike sharing platform the world. x-bike (also known campus bike) frontier brand for sharing bicycles chinese colleges. localking (also known leek-u-bicycle) the taiwanese transport sharing market leader. grabcycle joined southeast asia leading transport sharing enterprise grab founding grab cycle. u-park pioneering brand for smart parking services. studied u-car innovations brand for car sharing services. copyright uchain partners organizational partners uchain aspires enhance the value its platform expanding its ecosystem. uchain will work with global partners build sharing ecosystem together. working closely with alipay promote uchain's sharing transport solutions more efficiently. conducting manifold cooperation with china unicom iot provide sound solutions with supporting hardware. coordinating with grab, the leading transportation network company southeast asia strategize localized transport ecosystem. working with the local life service platform provide better experiences and services. cooperating with the canadian leading transport brand translink facilitate our offline operations. the world blockchain organization (wbo) international advocacy organization institutional investors copyright uchain roadmap roadmap copyright uchain token sale the ucn total supply determined the conclusion the ico and will raise ethereum. the private sale: eth with bonus, half the funds will locked for months. the public presale: eth with bonus, the bonus portion will locked for months. token sale copyright uchain disclaimer and other legal statements disclaimer and other legal statements disclaimer for enthusiasts uchain, please read the whitepaper and related instructions our official website carefully. please sure that you understand blockchain technology and realize that there's potential risk buying tokens uchain. would urge you fully assess your financial situation before investing. this project may fail due its legitimacy, market demand, technical other uncontrollable reasons out our control. please prepared that any these circumstances may cause all funds you invested this project become worthless. there are risks associated with the buyer's credentials. any third party obtains the purchaser's login credentials private key they may able directly control the buyer's ucn. minimize risks, the purchaser must protect his her electronic devices against unauthorized access requests access the device contents. blockchain technology has become target supervision all major countries the world and uchain ucn may affected the regulatory authorities act against it. the state limits the use and sales digital tokens, the ucn may restricted, causing the project blocked even terminate uchain's development. please aware some non uchain application risk that may incur. with the development the ucn platform, third-party based applications may appear. the official uchain platform may directly compete with these third-party applications, and may also have negative impact its value. possible that uchain applications launch without being used many individuals organizations, implying that the public has interest developing these relevant distributed applications, which might have negative impact the value ucn and uchain applications. the general carelessness and laziness the internet might prevent anyone from reading this part while you could have won ucn being the first non uchain person discover it. optional personal hug included. any malicious attempt hackers, other organizations countries disrupt uchain applications ucn functions, including server attacks, sybil attacks, malware attacks, consistent attacks could result serious damages and value loss for the uchain platform and ucn token. the uchain application includes series open source software. third parties could intentionally unintentionally push code with bugs which could implemented into the uchain platform, therefore, damaging the core framework itself. this could result loss ucn. the rapid development cryptography science and technology such the development quantum computers brings the risk cracking encryption uchain's monetary platform. this could lead the loss ucn. with other decentralized cryptosystems and cryptocurrency, the blockchain that plan develop for uchain applications also vulnerable mining attacks. this includes but not limited to, double spend attacks, high calculation force ratio attacks, "self-interest" mining attacks and excessive competitive attacks. any successful attack risk uchain's platform and ucn value. although uchain's system security very hard crack, the mining attacks mentioned above are real. unlike bank accounts other financial institutional accounts, there will not uchain account insurance any other blockchain insurance. any case, there will open individual organization cover your loss, however, companies such the fdic private insurance companies might provide guarantee for the buyer. there the possibility uchain dissolution. this could occur due various reasons, including the volatility neo, eth, ucn's own price, the development the uchain application, the possibility disruption the business relationships the possibility claim intellectual property. uchain likely directly impacted the event major attack direct dissolution. the uchain platform were fail this could result normal services that would normally run daily, stop. this could lead the loss user's ucn. crypto tokens are new and untested technology. addition the risks referred this white paper, there are also some risks the uchain team may not have stated. throughout this journey may uncover various potential risks that could affect uchain, please aware. copyright uchain disclaimer and other legal statements nation specific residents the united states the provision and sale this contract are not based the revised u.s. securities act the securities registration act some states. this product shall not provided, sold otherwise transferred, mortgaged applied any other way without the act and the applicable national securities law, without the effective registration the declaration the breach. residents canada the securities product holder shall not trade such securities any province region unless the securities legislation permits it. residents the united kingdom the uk, this file only distributed (only involving the related investment activities), and only for: investment professionals (refer the revised financial services and markets act financial promotion rules) article definition (hereinafter referred fpo)); individual entity described article the fpo; experienced investors with experience certificates (refer the meaning section fpo); other legally transmitted persons (all such persons are regarded "relevant personnel"). this document not authorized the authority, and the non-relevant personnel shall not take any action according this document, nor should rely this document. the condition your acceptance and retention this document assure the company, its directors, and staff that you are relevant. residents the people's republic china. unless authorized the securities law the people's republic china other laws and regulations. residents not have the right sell directly indirectly within the people's republic china territory (excluding hong kong, macao, and taiwan region) copyright uchain references roland berger's report the sharing economy https://www.rolandberger.com/en/publications/pub_china_s_car_sharing_mobility_market_.html uber fees https://www.ridester.com/uber-fees/ distributed ledger https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/distributed_ledger kademlia dht https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/~petar/papers/maymounkov-kademlia-lncs.pdf rpca https://prod.coss.io/documents/white-papers/ripple.pdf ecc https://ac.els-cdn.com/s/-s.-s-main.pdf sepck http://www.secg.org/sec-v.pdf fico https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/credit_score_in_the_united_states#fico_score coin days destroyed https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/bitcoin_days_destroyed poa https://eprint.iacr.org//.pdf dht https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/distributed_hash_table securities act http://legcounsel.house.gov/comps/securities%act%of%.pdf references