ugchain decentralized game account system content overview ..................................................................................................................... overall system upgrades ................................................................................. what are the important components the das system? ........................... why upgrade ugchain's ecosystem? ............................................................... what are the characteristics the new das decentralized account system? ................................................................................................................................ ugchain ecosystem ..................................................................................................... the decentralized game account system superior the traditional channel .................................................................................................................. game distribution channel: boolu ................................................................ community voting ......................................................................................... game account transaction ............................................................................ games and game-like scene recharge, props purchase .............................. game battle platform: carry .......................................................................... e-sports extension industry ........................................................................... e-sports league: wugl ugl. ........................................................... e-sports team: pan entertainment e-sports women's group ............ e-sports hall: t-ug e-sports hall......................................................... governance architecture ugchain power community ................................. power attributable the community ...................................................... the rights ugchain community................................................................. peripheral ecosystem ugchain ............................................................................. wallet app................................................................................................ ugchain team and advantages................................................................................. ugchain's advantages .................................................................................... ugchain team ................................................................................................ summary ................................................................................................................... overview after two-month collaboration adjustment, ugchain formally completes the integration with well-known japanese game team led andy. the integrated new project will continue retain the ugchain brand. has completed registration with the singapore nonprofit foundation organization: ugchain foundation ltd., and issued the new cryptocurrency ugc. the new ugchain using fund management model, relying ugchain singapore foundation, composed china, japan and the united kingdom team, the world's leading blockchain project. ugchain uses the double-blockchain mechanism, which fits decentralized application ecosystem and ease use principles support eco-participants various countries and regions establish the main application. the participants can share benefits brought ugc's leading blockchain technology, ugchain will also expand the global market, promote innovation the blockchain industry, and then benefit all community members. ecosystem consisting series decentralized applications, the core ugchain decentralized account system (das) based blockchain technology. the system has built-in exclusive token token (ugc), which simultaneously has the equity attribute and monetary attribute. primary goal ugchain's establishment build "ug blockchain", leading global coverage decentralized game industry ecosystem with the ultimate goal reach great quantity, strong influence decentralized account balance system, solve most the problems existing the current centralized applications. after six months continuous development, ugchain completed the preliminary resource integration and application construction for the gaming platform, and about enter the critical period application promotion and ecological chain construction. the ugchain team has developed comprehensive talent system the field cryptography and blockchain technology for more than two years, which pioneer the implementation blockchain solution. ugchain research team analyzed the public blockchain, consortium blockchain, atomic transactions across the blockchain, side blockchain and series blockchain technology. finally, more practical blockchain scheme was selected, and set technical systems integrating the advantages the public blockchain and consortium blockchain was designed which turned out the decentralized account system (das) the overall architecture ugchain adds great optimization and improvement top the existing application ecosystem architecture. will also achieve greater fit between the landing application that have gradually entered the large-scale application phase and fulfill the requirements players, thus making ugchain become pioneer the cryptocurrency industry integrating blockchain with gaming industry, and achieve the goal truly accepting and unimpeded use blockchain crypto users and others. ugchain firstly applied the game industry build game ecological solution jointly with well-known chinese game companies such and hoolai, the application scenarios include game distribution channels, game account trading, game recharge, virtual commodity purchase, competition, host league, crowdfunding, community, and on. ugchain community user autonomy organization, where community members holding the ugc vote decide material affairs the community, the ugc shares represent voting right, and the ugc holders exercise the supreme power the community through voting. overall system upgrades double blockchain mode upgraded. improved the system efficiency ugchain and expanding properties, expanded the use the application scenario and the user threshold, will achieve the perfect combination absolute fairness and decentralization public chain with universality and simplicity consortium blockchain. ugc global eco-developer program. ugchain gradually expanding the overseas team. team focusing encouraging the global blockchain enthusiasts and industry game developers into global ecological construction the research, together with many professional game developers working with ug, have completed the strategic objectives the global decentralized game industry, the program has been effective now. management mechanism upgraded. based the main body overseas foundation, have improved the fund management mechanism, established perfect cooperation system with operation and development teams around the world and set foundation committee. members the community selection committee will selected members the foundation committee develop and implement the development strategy, and introduce various professional consultants participate the management and development. coordinated development the industry. ugchain foundation will continue encourage, support and investment access the industry applications ecosystem, global application developers. manufacturers are encouraged use ecosystem give full play the advantages various technical features the decentralized and double blockchain mode ug, improve the application system, innovate the pain point the industry and promote the steady expansion and vigorous development ecosystem. what are the important components the das system? figure .das ugc contract deployed ethereum, jointly maintained all the nodes the consortium. addition the basic token functionality based erc- contract, new features are added for tokens and das account contracts, including freezon and thaw. the thawing operation performed the agent the consortium node and charges fee the das account contract prevent cyberattacks. besides, adds owners management system, both consortium nodes and other community leaders, can act the owner ugc contract, contribute the double-blockchain token transfer, and earn fee. owner management system has complete self-management system, community can add owners majority vote and also remove any owner. this function similar that the electoral mechanism the authority and brings democratic fairness while makes the system healthier and safer. das account contract das account contract smart contract that deployed the consortium, which realizes the user account management, the token circulation ugc contract and owner reward function. interacting with ugc contract for equal proportion, the constant volume tokens realized and the economic system das system stable. the das account contract, users can use these tokens via wallets other applications that access the das, such game prop exchange, game account trading, game play, and on. users can easily transfer the tokens from the das account contract ugc contract, and realize the interaction with exchanges, common wallets and other platforms. das api contract ugchain built suite smart contract solutions for the gaming industry based the baas platform provide underlying services for developing and deploying various gaming applications. baas platform based long-term experience the direction the consortium blockchain technology, ugchain team independent research and development the baas chain platform, will block chain system, operating system and underlying hardware abstraction independent service unit, provide convenient system construction, operation, maintenance and other services the members consortium blockchain node, such game manufacturer. figure .baas platform why upgrade ugchain's ecosystem? ugchain has pragmatic attitude, from the perspective quick landing and new change game ecosystem, decentralized account system based ethereum and consortium blockchain selected. the application system totally relies public blockchain, can make good use the decentralization and non-tampering characteristics blockchain, but the present stage the public blockchain technology difficult support the development game business. and the application based the public blockchain technology widely used the application poor usability and high cost, which can easily cause use disorders and influence the access large scale users. ugchain team studied various blockchain technology resources, and chose the consortium blockchain technology for "carry"; ugchain's business system, and the combination the system based ethereum, which not only retains the characteristics the blockchain decentralization, tamper-resistant and irreversibility, but also the combination system based etheric building, which retains the characteristics blockchain decentralization; such tamper-resistant, irreversibility etc., this initiative will more convenient for the general public who don't understand cryptocurrencies and motivate them use our application. also enables more and more global technology developers and partners access the ecosystem and share the dividends the development blockchain technology. believe that the comprehensive expansion application scope will bring sustainable and high potential value return ugc. figure ugchain ecosystem what are the characteristics the new das decentralized account system? notable changes: constant volume, license access, easy use, safe, user-friendly the closest the traditional scheme speed for transfer public blockchain, real ability carry the game application the relevant business blockchain system, zero commission; meet multicenter character the games business (large-scale game publishers), the practice proves that the original decentralized chain system not suitable for the application blockchain the real industry, and the threshold too high for ordinary users. the pure public blockchain difficult achieve perfect coordination between decentralization, security and blockchain consumption; use ethereum issue tokens and support two-way circulation and anchor the value das economic system, asset management and transaction convenience will greatly improved; ugchain ecosystem the decentralized game account system superior the traditional channel the blockchain technology can realize open, equitable community autonomy the decentralized organization with the help smart contract which open and transparent. the autonomous operation the das organization can streamline steps the traditional game distribution process, particularly game account system. das (decentralized account system) based ethereum (the token contract), and consortium blockchain (consortium blockchain smart contract). traditional channels save all account information users the centralized server. instead, the das saves all information the blockchain network, and the globally equivalent blockchain node protect the security the system, there authoritative node. smart contracts can replace the traditional centralized service providers achieve open and fair "autonomy" for decentralized organizations. the ugchain ecosystem, the player's corresponding identity account and owned assets flow the blockchain, and das decentralized account system the underlying support for all kinds real scenarios. when applied the game distribution channel, game account, props and other virtual asset transaction scenarios, the ugchain can resolve series problems including high cost game distribution channel, long time traditional game account and prop transaction processing, lack mutual confidence between seller and buyer, and high risk transaction. the same time, the decentralization feature the ethereum and the automatic performance the smart contract that can enhance the openness, fairness and equality e-sports events and allow more players participate and free them from worries. game distribution channel: boolu ugchain open platform that offers variety contract programs facilitate active participants the gaming community channel operators, they can access the games that they wanted, and then maintain their users, obtain corresponding gainsharing while users download and reload, etc. the access games can distributed the distribution center provided the service provider. any participant that holding the account can set independent channel based the services provided the platform build its own promotional gainsharing system. boutique niche game recommendation allow users rate that other players can find good games according the rank. boolu directly bidding for the industry's first community-based channel distribution platform taptap (released for years and currently valued about billion), boolu's competitive advantage that adds six-dimensional scoring model the content recommendation the community. boolu will work with many well-known game developers and ecosystem developers all over the world together create series blockchain-based game applications (similar cryptokitties,and has been jointly developed, please stay tuned) boolu will serve third-party platform that link the independent games and players. players provide crowd funding support for their supported games and the game will return supporters with reasonable feedback achieve the win-win situation. for the development the independent game industry, can provide games for the necessary funds and manpower support realize the development boutique game while ensure the quality the game. the future, boolu will also engage with other game manufacturers achieve absolute competitive advantage exclusive debut, allowing gamers have new games anytime. more importantly, the game distribution sdk function boolu also being designed realize ultimate goal --- "everyone game distributor." community voting any ugc holder can initiate proposal the ugchain community. proposals must accordance with the direction development the community. the result joint proposals voted the entire community. according the time the proposal launched, the latest block status will regarded ugc share reference standard. the more ugc holders hold, the larger holders voting weight. game account transaction under the traditional transaction mode, inter-player transactions will processed the third-party service provider who will confirm the game asset the seller, connect the accounts both the seller and the buyer transfer the account and fund, and collect fee. this centralized transaction mode vulnerable fraud from buyer seller. the game asset transaction industry now growing quickly, but the centralized transaction mode has hindered the industry development due fraud risk, long transaction time and other disadvantages. figure traditional transaction process figure ugchain transaction process the game asset owned game player can registered with the blockchain correspond the player's address. therefore, the user can transfer the game asset safely and quickly through the smart contract. for the transfer game asset controlled the smart contract, the transaction process will become more transparent, convenient and secure, and the transaction result will irreversible and permanently traceable. games and game-like scene recharge, props purchase the users can recharge game, purchase props and other operations with the ugchain platform. the recharge and other processes involving token payment and transfer game asset will performed through the smart contract. the prop trading will supported with the asset endorsement from the game carrier. the asset transferred based the contract through the blockchain. the contract performance will simultaneously realize the gainsharing the channel operator, and everybody can become the channel operator. it's suitable for many areas such games, broadcast reward, paid reading, ugchain has strategic partners these areas. e-sports battle platform: carry carry point-to-point mobile game battle platform, battle platform that gamers can customize the settings the gambling conditions and win the prize pool, supporting variety mobile games including king glory. function description: one player sets the conditions gambling, launches battle the platform and can also directly invite friends participate automatically match gamers the platform participate in. battle types can choosing, the platform set the entertainment competition, bonuses together. besides, after the game, will automatically generate the results battles and present fun and interesting results, also stimulate users share it. players can organize competitions the blockchain any time and carry supports vs. and large league mode. anyone can organize, participate and launch various games the platform. the participants not pass through any third-party agencies, carry aims build worldwide universal decentralized gaming platform. carry aims the global game players and break the national boundaries, users any country can launch competition the platform, the game process and competition results monitored the platform ensure that unfamiliar players can compete fairly. ensure the authenticity and impartiality the competition, carry has established complete third-party tournament management mechanism. the platform will monitor the competition throughout the game. when contestants disagree with the assessment results, they can upload the screenshots the competition, the composition the "cloud referee" will review the results the competition again confirm the judgment correct. innovative use smart contracts. carry innovatively uses blockchain smart contracts bring the blockchain decentralized autonomy and distributed sharing collaboration into the game make merge with the competitive spirit online games and expected form open autonomous, mutual trust and security based the value exchange-style gaming platform ecosystem. e-sports extension industry point-to-point competition the blockchain, offline league, team training and live, these four dimensions expand the vitality the game create sub-ecstasy e-sports industry. e-sports league: wugl ugl. introduction: independent league ip, e-sports league serve the broadcast part e-sports section. organized the league, the community can aggregate large number gamers. online leagues carry out the platform "carry" while offline leagues held around the world,the leagues use ugc bonus pools, the number ugc holders and the circulation the scene will expand simultaneously. e-sports team: pan entertainment e-sports women's group introduction: integral part e-sports ecosystem, the pan entertainment e-sports team relying the background resources wanda games and hoolai games which can realize good operation itself. the fan effect the women's teams will also continue expand. the ugc reward, fans community transformation will also actually expand the ugc circulation scene. e-sports hall: t-ug e-sports hall introduction: get through online and offline traffic, cover tens millions gamers, t-ug e-sports hall important part closed-loop game ecosystem, the e-sports hall includes gaming experience base, peripheral e-commerce, game player recreation, social networking and other content. governance architecture ugchain power community power attributable the community the supreme power the ugchain attributable all users the community. the ugchain community formed all ugc holders, serves the supreme authority the ugchain and establishes foundation exercise daily management functions. users the ugchain community can vote participate community management and exercise their rights. the rights ugchain community establish the community management foundation, formulate and revise the articles association the ugchain foundation; the ugchain community can vote select the members the foundation, and establish the council; the ugchain community can vote decide the development direction and iteration the ugchain ecosystem; vote decide the appointment and dismissal the chairman and the vice chairman. resolution will validated when the voting rights reach two thirds more the total with voting rights; the ugchain foundation will accept the annual audit the community, and external audit firm will assess and audit the foundation operation, potential risk and other areas. the employees the standing departments will accept annual performance evaluation covering daily community operation, foundation management, community coordination and other works. peripheral ecosystem ugchain wallet app wallet app blockchain asset management wallet, blockchain assets can transferred into and out, including ugc and eth, also token management tool app for users; besides, wallet app player autonomous community, users can participate community voting, discussions, etc. the wallet has the balance management function which can realize the replenishment blockchain asset transfer now, will also add the cny purchasing function later. ugchain team and advantages ugchain's advantages ugchain received joint investment from legend capital, sequoia capital, zeroipo venture and cyberagent. far, ugchain has gained more than large and medium game carriers china (the lineup keeps growing). present, ugchain cooperates with these carriers through traditional channels and will directly migrate the ugchain channel after product launch. ecg, famous e-sports carrier, has joined the ugchain family advance and has achieved comprehensive strategic cooperation. the das has reach cooperation intentions with number paid reading channels who will use program decentralized marketing system promotion. ugchain maintains good relations with upstream and downstream game companies under tencent and alibaba. get recognition ministry industry and information technology china leadership and the national standardization management committee. have smooth access funding, the founders cooperate cross-border, the core team experienced. ugchain team ugchain has completed the applications the hyperdger-based blockchain the fund industry and has mature application development experience blockchain technology. ugchain's major founders have successfully started their own business the internet industry and worked senior executives the financial investment industry. well, ugchain has attracted senior executives from domestic large game companies and multinational corporations join; the team has assembled excellent talents from several areas, including blockchain, cryptology, virtual currency community, internet information security, finance and gaming service. below are major members the ugchain team and their experiences: yang zhang co-founder ugchain, core architect and the whitepaper writer, the top blockchain technology expert and has forward-looking vision blockchain technology. graduated with information security degree and started research bitcoin focusing the development cryptocurrency and blockchain technology. early co-founded the blockchain and was responsible for advancing the overall project. peter the coo ugchain, also strategist and direction leader eco-construction. the core founding member chinese domestic large-scale gaming league platform; entered the field consumer finance and founded well-known consumer finance platform which access the top investment institutions; besides, participated number consumer finance projects angel investor. binghua founder ugchain and veteran the internet industry. founded website called want treasure", which specializes entertainment, game and electronic commerce, and was finally acquired business group after seed, angel and round investments. started engaging financial investment and tutored several companies wanting launch the ipo the entire process. started watching bitcoin and blockchain industry. march founded the ugchain team and was dedicated the application blockchain technology. chen hongbin chen worked sina games, amoy mobile games and other top domestic game companies and served technical team leader. has years' experience game, now the leader ugchain technical team. kinna lee she mainly responsible for project financial risk control management and commercial application. bachelor degree and master degree from nottingham university (international business and marketing major). kinna has been the core management well-known banks china; with rich experience investment and financing industry, she has long been engaged equity investment and enterprise financial services, and has profound mastery and understanding international financial markets. andy chou head japanese overseas division. andy has rich experience internet industry and entrepreneurship. has been major positions japanese search engine companies, sns and gaming companies. the company once ran has the china distribution authority and authorization the world's leading japanese mobile game monster strike, and has successfully launched the world market. yueyang chen head technology japan division. years experience internet industry, established ebusiness (it company) and cloudofliberty (enterprise cloud solutions) china and japan. project achievements include: lead the team complete the core system development japanese mizuho corporate bank (referred the world's most complex systems development); use aws and salesforce provide customer management and business assistance enterprise users, and help hundreds customers build large data analysis system improve their service level. mighil puthukkudy mainly responsible for the overseas operations ugchain. blockchain technology enthusiast and web strategist. independently responsible for multiple projects; applying his rich experience the field international operation strategy, business development, planning and development future strategic development goals. advisory ugchain nobuaki kitagawa mr.kitagawa the ugchain mentor project development planning providing wealth industry resources and investment ugchain. mr.kitagawa responsible for all the company's investments china, taiwan, sea and korea. since joining cyberagent ventures(cav) nobuaki has led international expansion from investment outside japan then more than overseas investments including tudou.com(cn), vatgia(vn), tokopedia(idn) and kakao(kr). prior cav had more than years' experience the telecom industry working for japan's ntt docomo. graduated from hitotsubashi university japan with major economics and georgetown university the united states with mba. zhou kui mr.zhou partner sequoia capital china. graduated from wuhan university technology with bachelor's degree science. graduated with master's degree electric automation from tsinghua university. partner sequoia capital china, joined sequoia capital the senior vice president, takes charge sinocom investments, skyinfo, kaitone and ponymediaworksoft the firm. zhengdong mr. the founder, chairman and ceo zeroipo group. over the past decade, has led his team build zeroipo group into the most influential service institution relating venture capital and private equity service china. reputed the "person possessing the most comprehensive information china's venture capital market" and also praised "one the young representatives china's venture capital circle". zhang lin .he executive director legend capital.zhang joined union capital which the predecessor legend capital, served investment manager, vice president investment and director. currently serves executive director legend capital, focusing early investment opportunities tmt and modern services. has rich experience investment tmt and modern service. his leading investment projects include pudding hotel, yun express, chewang, youxinpai and on. holds the master's degree engineering from xi'an university electronic science and technology and international mba from china economic research center, peking university. wang wei mr. wang the early investors ugchain who brought host resources the ugchain for the gaming industry events. the chairman beijing mingzhi hongfengcai sports science and technology co., ltd. (referred as: ming sports member tsinghua entrepreneurs association,executive aama yajie chamber commerce ,partner yajie angel investment ,member democratic national construction association zhongguancun branch ,he experienced person the internet and mobile internet industry. the "pingco" mobile entertainment community, which was founded him, has gotten tens millions dollars gsr and dcm. also founded the "jing cai website, which currently the largest competition lottery community platform china and provides gaming entertainment services over million senior fans nationwide; besides, participated the internet finance business such qingdao financial asset exchange, tianjin meitong commercial factoring company and "salary bao" financial platform. qiao wanli mr. qiao one the founders hoolai (beijing) technology co., ltd. started working research institute under the chinese academy sciences. started his second career and developed social games outsider. his first game hoolai hotel enjoyed good word mouth renren.com. left the chinese academy sciences. developed the hoolai three kingdoms, the first strategic social game launched the tencent platform. the game attracted many million active users every day and made good income exceeding million yuan. liu shiru mr. liu brings ugchain lot game industry resources. the chairman and ceo zhangshangzongheng information and technology (beijing) co., ltd established which video game copyright operators and distributors china. zhou shuoji mr. zhou the ugchain foundation director and the founder fengtai blockchain investment, blockchain cryptocurrency senior industry experts, worked for ibm. hou zhuo mr. hou holds mba degree conferred hong kong university science and technology and has more than years experience technology, venture capital and investment areas. now the partner qichen fund and used legend capital and partner firestone capital. summary technology drives change, the upgrade the ugchain system will promote the applications blockchain technology reach new heights. the double blockchain model not only makes good use the features blockchain including decentralization, disintermediation, traceability and irreversibility, but also enables ethereum embed smart contracts automate the transaction. also uses consortium blockchain solve some weaknesses public blockchain applications. the value tokens supported the tokens transfer powered the applications blockchain technology, ugchain committed creating game ecosystem based blockchain technology that allows gamers and blockchain enthusiasts enjoy the technological change. the same time, while focusing the development blockchain technology, ugchain will continue explore the game applications, create absolutely competitive gaming application platform the game industry, accelerate the blockchain industry development and the gaming industry while driving changes.