ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper the next generation global self-financing blockchain protocol version date table contents disclaimer project summary economic philosophy ultiledger ecosystem ultiledger multi-chain mechanism value exchange protocol(vep) open distributed storage (ods) blockchain-as-a-service(baas) gateway and wallet self-finance application ult's function and value ult: the nativetoken ult: the value and the role the role and value the subchain tokens scenarios the ultiledger ecosystem self-finance financing cross-border payment asset tokenization tokenization data consensus-based profit sharing gateway governance ultiledger ecosystem governance structure value-tracking voting system trust network incentive management token issuance token allocation purpose finance roadmap team bios and usage disclaimer this document for informational purposes only and the contents this document are for information purposes only and not constitute any investment advice, solicitation solicitation the sale stocks securities ultiledger and its related companies. such invitations must made the form confidential memorandum, subject the relevant securities laws and other laws. the contents this document may not construed compelled participate the exchange. nothing this white paper may considered participation the exchange, including the requirement obtain copy this white paper share this white paper with others. participating the exchange means that the participants have reached the age criteria and possess complete civil capacities. the contract with ultiledger true and valid. all participants signed the contract voluntarily and had clear and necessary understanding the ultiledger before signing contract. the ultiledger team will continue make reasonable attempts ensure that the information this white paper true and accurate. during the development process, the platform may updated, including but not limited platform mechanisms, tokens and their mechanisms, token distribution. portions the document may adjusted the new white paper the project progresses, and the team will release the update posting notice new white paper the site. please sure get the latest white papers, and make timely adjustments your decisions based the updates. expressly disclaimed that the participants will not liable for any loss resulting from (i) reliance the contents this document, (ii) inaccuracies the information this document, and (iii) any action resulting from this document. the team will spare efforts achieve the goals mentioned the document, but due the existence force majeure, the team cannot make full promise. ultiledger important tool for generating performance the platform and not investment product. owning ult token does not mean giving its owner ownership, control, decisionmaking rights the ultiledger platforms. ult digitally encrypted currency does not fall into the following categories: (a) currencies any kind; (b) securities; (c) shares legal entities; (d) stocks, bonds, notes, warrants, certificates other instruments that grant any rights. depending the market rules and the application post-arrival demand, the value the ult may not have any value. the team will not make any commitment its value-added and will not responsible for the consequences caused the increase decrease value. aw, damag to, damag profit, loss business information, any other economic damages arising platform should comply with any regulations for healthy development conducive the exchange ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper industries and the development self-regulation industry self-declaration. participant and its delegates will fully accept and abide such inspections. the same time, all information disclosed participants accomplish such inspections must complete and accurate. the ultiledger platform clearly communicated possible risks the participants. once the participants participate the exchange, they acknowledge and accept the terms and conditions the rules, accept the potential risks this platform and bear the consequences. ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper project summary finance first emerged due economic development, mainly facilitate economic activities through financial intermediaries. financial activities date back the babylonian temple and the century when the greek temples provided custodial and interest-bearing mortgage services. later, ancient greece and during the roman empire, there existed lenders and commercial institutions similar banks. modern banks rose from the currency exchange industry and the goldsmith industry europe. the oldest bank was the bank venice (). the first joint-stock bank, the bank england, was founded the united kingdom, establishing the most common form organization for the modern financial industry. the end the century and the beginning the century, the major capitalist countries entered the stage monopoly capitalism. the credit-centered banking monopoly and industrial monopoly capital infiltrated each other form financial capital which control the lifeline the capitalist economy. with the rapid development the social economy, the modern financial industry has developed into system diverse financial institutions. covers banking, insurance, trust, securities and leasing industries, with the banking industry taking the dominant role. order better serve complex economic behaviors, modern finance has innovatively developed financial products and related derivatives. the development and popularization computer technology has made possible recent years the emergence internet finance, such online crowdfunding, online lending, online settlement, consumer finance, data currency, etc. the financial industry indispensable part modern economy. promotes the rational allocation social capital among market participants and improve the efficiency social capital use. the indicators and tools the financial market reflect the good and bad the national economy. the capital demand side mainly raises capital issuing stocks and bonds directly attract surplus funds, without passing through third-party financial institution, thereby reducing transaction costs. indirect financing case, financial institution (such bank), transferred capital from its investment pool the borrower based the latter's qualifications. the emergence third-party institutions can reduce moral hazard and adverse selection caused information asymmetry, and more conducive the healthy development financial markets. traditional financial institutions have made outstanding contributions the economy, however, they are faced with inherent risks and are falling short the rapid social and economic transformation. the financial sector may exposed new risks and problems this high-tech era, which may magnify those inherent risks traditional financial institutions. the emergence internet finance has made possible for mixed operations and finance groups. however, under mixed operations, information ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper asymmetry more prominent, thus making financial risks more likely. modern economic activities seek higher financial efficiency. however, transactions through traditional financial institutions require significant fees and prolonged process time, accompanied increased risks data breach related parties due human error. internet finance has unique advantages over traditional finance. however, due limits the credit information system and lack shared credit information platform, the internet finance prone credit risks. the consensus mechanism the blockchain can introduced just mitigate these risks. the cryptocurrency based blockchain technology provides convenient alternatives traditional financial payment and settlement. the technology promotes decentralized and peer-to-peer payment methods, breaking through the cumbersome bank transfers required traditional financial institutions, and prompting great vitality commercial activities. using the blockchain technology, ultiledger wishes establish economic and financial ecosystem based ult native tokens help any organization set trust mechanisms low cost and time capital: distributed financial book bank-grade security; zero-cost transaction settlement within the ecosystem; improved security, privacy, efficiency and capital availability the system through the combination the main chain and subchains. our clients can include governments, companies, industry clusters, and even individuals communities. the ultiledger ecosystem, users can register assets that they consider valuable code string the blockchain for asset tokenization, and then perform transactions using the tokenized assets via smart contracts and open storage. any digital physical asset can provided permanent storage and real-time tracking the public chain, and ultimately allowing the interexchange between assets and value trusted basis. hope build safer blockchain platform with more open design and lower cost, resulting more enjoyable experience. the same time, the platform will respond the supervision governments, allowing the blockchain technology seamlessly integrate with the real economy. the blockchain technology will reshape the next generation the internet and distribute profits the consensus economy. the internet today "traffic ranch" where all users and companies are like cattle and sheep subject ruling corporate giants. ride-hailing platform, the largest its kind china, has greatly raised the percentage cut from ride fair reduced subsidies the driver the one hand, and has direct-or-indirectly increased the price passengers the other. the distortion charges and the cuts, well the unfair distribution mechanism, caused the drivers put off orders from time time, leaving passengers without available rides. the contrary, "distributed" consensus mechanism promoted the blockchain the ultimate weapon break away from this monopoly mechanism for fair and equitable distribution. since ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper the distribution mechanism based consensus and approved each participating entity, and the information completely open, transparent and tamper-proof, participants can enjoy the rewards and rights they are entitled to. early application the blockchain technology, the success stories bitcoin and ethereum attest the infinite possibilities the technology. however, due the current underlying transmission mechanism, computational performance and architectural constraints the consensus algorithm, the existing public chains are facing the bottleneck transaction processing. both bitcoin and ethereum's system throughput (tps) are still single digits tens digits, which makes impossible carry actual trading scenarios. actual economic activities, the required tps often needs reach thousands transactions per second. with traditional e-commerce platforms, payments and exchanges, the actual transaction demand often reaches tens thousands times per second. ultiledger designed through multi-chain system which allows for overall faster transaction processing speed. the main chain adopts the federated byzantine agreement, imposing thresholds minimum data volume, minimum calculation amount and minimum network bandwidth. the subchains facilitates quicker consensus through fewer nodes. the ultiledger team has many years practical exploration experience, and successful developed multiple applications based subchains breakthrough innovations the early days. with the expansion the blockchain sector, observed that applications on;y achieving self-financing within the subchains, cannot satisfy the need for circulation credit, assets and value. however, the financial scene often complicated with increasing amount assets and fast-growing demand for interaction. this end, the ground-breaking and interactive blockchain framework, ultimate ledger project (ultiledger), proposed blockchain solution that meet the needs real business applications. the project aims deploy new generation self-financial public chain meet the financial needs different scenarios one hand, and map and combine assets that require circulation the other, supporting their circulation global scale. ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper economic philosophy ultiledger the main architecture ultiledger consist three main components the main chain, the subchain, and the storage architecture. ultiledger has built verifiable, secure and reliable highperformance blockchain architecture with unified underlying protocol. the design logic based strict design principles and philosophy foundations. the system design follows the principle dialectical thinking find suitable technical solutions for the actual contradiction. ultiledger follows the following four principles build self-financial blockchain system. cornerstone trust: trust the cornerstone the blockchain. the purpose system design build trusted system. community governance: the main feature the blockchain. the substantial support for establishing credibility. practicality: all technologies must considered for the actual application the service. experimental and unstable approaches should abandoned. openness: openness necessary condition for the success blockchains. openness means equality, open source code, and generalization infrastructure. ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper the process creating ultiledger following the above principles, may find that some principles conflict with each other: e.g. conflict between community governance and practicality can lead unreliable system. order resolve the potential issue, the following philosophical practices are induced: credibility built out distrust: the credibility the blockchain system stems from the mutual distrust participating nodes. comprehensive autonomy introduces chaos: practical open system cannot fully adopt community autonomy, but local nodes can adopt autonomy. centralization without verification rights not centralized system: local node formation becomes trusted architecture turns over the verification right. local unreliability not global unreliable: decentralized local nodes are unreliable, but open verification mechanism brings reliability the system. the construction the financial blockchain system requires innovative thinking. based the aforementioned principles, have proposed new solution: constructing mutual constraint structure. each constraint link the system connected with the service carrier organically. when the constraints the various links the system and the carrier are placed the wrong position, the system's unreliability can effectively resolved. this end, have established the following design ideas: establish open public main chain system, with its high credibility the cornerstone the open verification mechanism. the goals using minimum data volume, minimum computational complexity, and minimum network bandwidth achieve maximum openness, highest level community autonomy, and strongest reliability. the scalability some the main chain systems can comprised increase the stability the entire system. enterprise-level applications require systems practical and scalable. establishing subchain, form multi-chain mechanism, extension the local implementation, and practical applications all require the system have powerful processing capabilities. therefore, the system must practical and adaptive, and deploy the extended dislocation local nodes for the solution. this makes the entire system centralized but untrustworthy. consequently, establish open storage system return the data and verification rights the main chain, that the trust mechanism the entire system will not affected the centralized characteristics the subchain which the local nodes belong. the main chain, subchain and storage mechanism are far from enough achieve the integrity the dislocation mechanism. have proposed three innovative technology protocols: subchain address protocol, value exchange protocol and open verification protocol. far the system backed with completed solution theoretically and technologically along with the fundamental conditions for enterprise-level application business. the technical protocols provide the full theoretical support and technical assurance the entire system terms ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper credibility and scalability, and provide considerable technical details such aspects preventing subchain double-spending attacks, removing transaction account associations, and simplifying transaction verification procedure. provides practical and effective means for the system successfully break through the technology bottleneck blockchain credibility, security and scalability that are commonly faced the development blockchain. ultiledger the first public blockchain system truly meet the needs real business applications. ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper ecosystem ultiledger ultiledger's design philosophy use profit incentive mechanism construct fast, low cost, efficient, safe and reliable public blockchain ecosystem which satisfies large-scale daily business needs. these requirements include, but are not limited to, trading and clearance various types assets, well redundant storage information. the same time, order protect the autonomy right the participants the ecosystem, ultiledger adopts the multi-chain architecture design principle main chain plus parallel subchains, which provides the subchain ecosystem with independent operating system asset transactions, clearance and storage. this mechanism not only significantly reduce the systemic risk, but will further improve systemic efficiency. based the above design concept, the ultiledger ecosystem consist three parts: the main chain, the subchain and the open distributed storage (ods). open economic ecosystem based the contradictory dislocation mechanism and the core rules the unified underlying protocol and consensus mechanism. components the three modules each perform its specific functions, yet collaborate with each other and verify each other constitute complete guarantee trust and value maintenance mechanism. ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper multi-chain mechanism ultiledger uses multi-chain architecture with main chain plus parallel subchains. the core the system, the main chain designed with the minimum data volume, calculation amount and network bandwidth requirement, provide the underlying protocol, ledger, main chain trust, smart contract and value system. has the highest level verification right which comes from all participating nodes and the federated byzantine consensus mechanism. the main chain design uses proof-of-asset (poa) mechanism for asset anchoring. poa, its name implies, mechanism designed let users prove that they have certain amount cryptocurrency control. mainly implemented through the wallet's private key signature, the hardware wallet's private master key and its relevant information, third-party credibility system. the core for main chain identify users owning digital asset, poa mechanism will bring more liquid, secure and market-active distributed trading platform ultiledger ecosystem, enabling the real control that the holders have their digital asset. the main chain stores intra-subchain asset trading results the one hand, and inter-subchain transaction and interaction records the other hand. once packaged into the main chain blockchain, will form the safest and irreversible consensus. another module function the main chain clear transactions generated different subchains. since each subchain connected the main chain, transactions that form consensus the subchain are verified the main chain consensus and then packaged into the main chain blockchain. consequently, all subchains can share the general ledger and realize clearance between subchains. addition the usual functional modules blockchain, wallet, gateway, virtual machine etc., the main chain blockchain also has value exchange layer and security mechanism module for value exchange with the subchain. the subchain important part the system, usually subchain node carries large number specific services, such exchange transactions, e-commerce, supply chain, internet things platform medical platform. ultiledger triages the business different organizations, institutions and enterprises different subchains according demand without additional processing, forming natural data fragmentations and ensuring data independence organizations, institutions and enterprises. ultiledger provides flexibility for pluggable consensus algorithms and ledger techniques for the ever-increasing subchain ecosystem. for example, the subchain exchange transactions can adopt pow, and the subchain supply chain finance can adopt pbft. the divide and conquer mode, the fault tolerance each subchain can different from tps, and the tps ultiledger presents the sum all subchains. the ultiledger design, the value confirmation and final transaction verification performed the main chain, along with ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper the deposit the open distributed storage (ods), ensure that the subchain has efficient processing capability close the centralized system and provides safe and reliable divide-andconquer solutions. according the system design, even subchain designed for attack purposes, cannot cause any loss other subchains and main chain. complete blockchain system, the subchain will also have its own storage, clearance and trading system. the one hand, the independent ledger system can quickly reach consensus based the internal nodes the subchains, and realize the efficient implementation the subchain business; one the other hand, aspects contribute the internal ecosystem the subchain and maximize the value the subchain system. however, the separate ledger system the subchain does not exist separately from the main ledger, only useful supplement the main ledger the main chain, the ledger record the main chain mainly derived from the record the subchain consensus. for example: the consensus transaction subchain not packaged into the main chain, only consensus within the subchain, which not necessarily accepted across the whole system. only when being packaged into the main chain and verified the node, can true network-wide consensus formed and the highest level consensus achieved. the subchain contains the following key elements: the initial block, smart contract address route, and subchain address protocol, which guarantee the reliability, security, and effectiveness the subchain transactions. the starting block each subchain special block issued the main chain, and defines special account for the subchain, known smart contract proxy route, proxy all transactions between the subchain and the external accounts. the trust the subchain can verified the main chain, which forms double verification. the process subject the rules the main chain and its rules, and the final verification right belongs the basic blockchain. simply put, the identity and attributes the subchain are determined the main chain. the validity the transaction needs approved the main chain. the data stored according the requirements the main chain, and the final settlement verified the main chain. the subchain design principle is: under the premise satisfying this condition, the subchain node should undertake the computation workload much possible. the value maintenance the subchain should treated differently according the situation: for the subchains using the main chain value system, its value mechanism derived from the main chain, which means implemented according the main chain protocol, normative and consensus mechanism. bounded the main chain's smart contract, and subjects the main blockchain's supervision and eventually accepts its verification. for the subchain with ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper independent value system, its value not derived from the main chain. the transactions between such subchain and external are limited, and can only carried out through local exchange. the main chain does not verify its consensus mechanism, but still has the supervision right and final decision. the verification rules the transaction are still determined the main chain through smart contract. when the subchain initialized, applies for authentication the main chain, generates the the subchain, the private/public key pair, and the attribute contract. these data are stored the starting block, and the system supports the kyc function optional manner confirm the identity the subchain owner. each subchain has its own independent and key pair, and the same subchain can also run multiple nodes. the time initialization, each subchain generates unique account for the main chain authentication, which acts proxy for the transaction between the main chain and the subchain, known smart contract proxy route and controlled the main chain smart contract. has special features and cannot manipulated anyone, including the owner the subchain. the account can only perform transactions between its subchain counterpart accounts logically execute transactions between subchain internal accounts. the same time, the subchain id, public key and attribute parameters are stored the value exchange layer subchain list. the starting block the subchain the authorization block issued the main chain, including the verifiable the subchain, and the stub left the main chain and the value exchange layer. the system defined four states for valid transactions the subchain, namely executed, witnessed, confirmed and completed, corresponding four different transaction states respectively. once the subchain receives transaction, the transaction executed and generated locally, usually completed few milliseconds. this internal transaction only the subchain. the subchain only one single node, essentially centralized transaction, the trustworthiness the transaction this case equivalent the trustworthiness the subchain. when the subchain submits the transaction package value exchange layer and receives the confirmation, witnessed state. normally this state can achieved several seconds few minutes since the transaction initiation. once submitted value exchange layer, the state the transaction maintained the layer and its trustworthiness significantly enhanced. since the submission value exchange layer the subchain's initiative purpose, not manipulated the main blockchain, therefore pp, value exchange layer's confirmation count taken important parameter measure the trustworthiness the transaction: the higher the number, the more reliable is. ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper the block generated subchain and validated value exchange layer and stored the open storage architecture (osa) system, the state transaction confirmed. usually completed few minutes since the transaction initiated. submitted the osa indicates that the data storage decentralized, the transaction already very trustworthy, similar value exchange layer confirmations count, the higher the number osa nodes that are submitted to, the higher the trustworthiness the transaction is. when account submits the settlement the main blockchain and completed, the transaction state completed, that depends when the account submit. this case, the transaction associated with the account has been submitted the main blockchain and has the highest level trust. generally, transaction witnessed state basically risk-free, small amount transaction can regarded reliable; while transaction confirmed state means with sufficient security guarantee, fairly big amount transaction could recognized assured. since the credibility the witnessed state determined confirmation number value exchange layer, while the credibility the confidence state determined the number storage nodes submitted to, the system will supply set dedicated api provide revenue judgment through smart contract. ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper value exchange protocol(vep) the ultiledger ecosystem connects large number enterprise groups, and large number assets are mapped ultiledger, but the assets can only reflected the flow assets. therefore, order achieve efficient and safe circulation assets, ultiledger has designed efficient value exchange protocol. (value exchange protocol, vep). value exchange between main chain and subchain the value exchange layer designed enforce states local transactions subchain can updated and monitored globally real-time the entire blockchain range, that prevent double-spending. the system, the value exchange layer runs the node computer the main chain the form memory data management program in-memory database, and cooperates with the main blockchain presenting state monitoring globally for the subchain transaction. value exchange layer designed gpu in-memory database, the one hand basically not take the node's ordinary resources ensure that the main chain operates efficiency; the other hand gpu in-memory database data processing capabilities far more than the computer main processor, can greatly improve the value exchange layer's operating efficiency, that state updates and query operations for small batch records can implemented few milliseconds. based the value exchange layer function, the transactions the subchains are presented real time trusted manner, which can effectively prevent double-spending. the maintenance ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper and update the value exchange layer state controlled smart contract, and there strict validity verification relationship between the value exchange layer and the main and subchain nodes and storage nodes ensure the accuracy and legality the value exchange layer data. the process the value exchange layer is: receive the package from the subchain verify the legitimacy the package verify the legitimacy the transaction update the status value exchange layer submit the receipt the subchain. this allows the value exchange layer maintain the exact state the address account the subchain transaction, and necessary, further verify the detailed transaction record the subchain the openstorage node. after receiving the subchain data package, the value exchange layer verifies the legitimacy the package and its inside transaction therein, updates the relevant address status after passing the verification, returns the receipt the subchain and notifies the osa with the node status and contract signature. failure verification, the data package will rejected and notified the subchain. the value exchange layer provides the current state each address real time prevent double spending, and also provides signature stub for the last block each subchain verify the validity the block the subchain. for new transactions the subchain, the system verifies the validity the transaction through the value exchange layer status and the main chain transaction status. conflict occurs address account, priority given chronological order. conflict occurs transaction, set warning flog for the address account that caused the conflict. for addresses with warning flags set the value exchange layer, detailed transaction records are logged through ods nodes when new transactions occur. the adoption multi-chain design allows single blockchain architecture replaced series subchains, where value exchange achieved ult token, and its several subchains, each which can have its own unique transaction token. the subchain only supports limited transaction type, for example, transferring from one account another, trading ult each subchain token and returning, all transactions that change the ult balance are recorded the subchain, therefore downloading from the subchain and reprocessing transactions can provide exactly the same security the main chain. however, all transactions that only modify the subchain token balance any other account holdings (such assets currencies) are not recorded the main subchain, but only their corresponding subchains. therefore, the cancellation these subchain transactions will not affect the security the blockchain, because the validity the ult account balance can always verified without trust. ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper value exchange among subchains the value exchange the subchain can realized globally relying the main chain, which equivalent intermediary, and can effectively avoid the situation where one subchain's problem causes damage other subchains. the maintenance and update the value exchange status realized the main chain, and there strict verification relationship between the value exchanges ensure the transaction data accurate and legitimate. transaction between account and subchain are managed main chain the following proces: receive the application from subchain exchange application subchain verify the legitimacy the application submit the settle transaction submit the receipt subchain after receiving subchain value exchange application, the main chain verifies the legitimacy the application the verifier, and the verified transaction will temporarily put hold. this time, the main chain submits the exchange application subchain after the transaction subchain confirmed, the two transactions are cleared the system realize the exchange values between any subchains. ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper the value exchange process, the initiator each transaction uses ult, which universal token recognized and trusted all parties the transaction. therefore, each transaction can effectively implemented relying the main chain, and can avoid the situation where certain subchain's problem causes damage other subchains. addition, core agent that connects various subchain value exchanges, the main chain also undertakes the function verifying and liquidating transactions between different subchains. open distributed storage (ods) practical applications, users have large amount data store. however, since each node the blockchain system stores copy the blockchain, extremely expensive store large amounts data the public ledger. order solve the storage problem large files and ensure the security data storage while saving costs, provide storage that fully supports business transaction records based distributed storage protocols. this architecture, large files are stored top open distributed storage node and the hash the file recorded the blockchain ensure file storage security. addition the data storage architecture, the open distributed storage node has protocol and connection management and communication interface compatible with the blockchain system, and can conveniently added the blockchain network. order protect the security and privacy user data, ultiledger uses asymmetric encryption store and access data. additionally, order support more flexible data access strategies, ultiledger also integrates multi-signature technology ensure that users can develop customized data storage and access forms. blockchain-as-a-service (baas) ultiledger hopes combine the advantages cloud computing and blockchain technology help enterprise customers individuals deploy ultiledger distributed ledgers and customize their sub-ecological applications the easiest way tailored different business cases. ultiledger refer this service blockchain-as-a-service (baas). this new baas service supported custom software development kits (sdks) and application programming interfaces (apis). baas relatively new development the field cloud computing. like other forms cloud services, baas also on-demand payment model. baas will provide scalability and eliminate the need for expensive hardware and expertise for traditional industry operators interested using ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper ultiledger blockchain technology. ultiledger's baas capabilities include providing users with authentication, payment, data storage and more, providing users and third-party users with easier-to-use interface and more consistent quality service. gateway and wallet the ultiledger ecosystem not closed ecosystem. the digital assets and external assets (extra-currency other public-chain token-denominated assets) within the ecosystem will freely exchanged within the ultiledger ecosystem through entities and mechanisms known "gateways". after the external assets are exchanged into the ultiledger chain value through the gateway, the value transfer (accept send) will completed through the ultiledger wallet. this process, the gateway mainly accomplishes two things: accept and deposit the corresponding equivalent the user's wallet address and record the main chain ledger. return the equivalent the gateway and retrieve the deposit complete the cash withdrawal action. the ultiledger ecosystem, only the underlying tokens issued the main chain can have variety currency gateways, but this does not mean that the subchain token cannot interconnected with external assets. fact, the subchain token implements the functions various gateways first exchanging values with the main chain token. the gateway not only realizes the mutual exchange digital assets and physical assets, but also improves the efficiency real asset exchange some extent (for details, please refer "scenario ultiledger ecosystem gateway" section this white paper). ultiledger will expand the number currency gateways the ecosystem with open attitude, and realize the goal users the ecosystem connect global assets efficiently and any time. ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper self-finance application the original intention and vision the ultiledger project let enterprises individuals independently carry out financial activities without relying financial intermediaries, that is, "selffinance". the ultiledger ecosystem based blockchain-based network trusted open nodes that provides natural and reliable foundation for the landing financial applications. any company individual that owns/needs assets cash flows can mapped the ultiledger public chain, through the consensus vote, complete the value confirmation and meet financing requirements, without the need trust the intermediary endorsement. since the emergence self-financing, has completely subverted the model relying traditional financial intermediation for financing, and realized decentralized and peer-to-peer financing method. while significantly reducing the financing cost enterprises, has also accelerated the speed corporate capital circulation. the ultiledger ecosystem will focus creating "self-financing" functionality module implement global "self-financing system" based digital currency (see "scenario ultiledger ecosystem self-financing" section this white paper for details). ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper ult's function and value ult: the nativetoken ult the abbreviation the ultiledger project's native token. some extent, ult can regarded the "gold" the digital domain, serving the pricing unit for everything within the ecosystem (including various tokens); all economic activities will settled using ult; the establishment and maintenance all relationships will also depend ult. the the foundation ultiledger's economic ecosystem, ult will have all the functions money for social and economic activities unit account, medium exchange, standard deferred payment, and store value. unit account money performs the function unit account measures and expresses the value all other goods and services. the ultiledger ecosystem, ult, token, provides ultiledger stakeholders with price reference for the transactions and amounts. for example, the price property million ults and the price copyright million ults, then the ultiledger ecosystem, believe that the two can exchanged equivalently. medium exchange,also known the means circulation, where money facilitates transactions, place barter, which involves direct exchange one good service for another. the ultiledger ecosystem, ult will act the medium exchange. with traditional commodity trading, related parties can use ult complete settlement without price anchoring with other commodities fiat currencies. standard deferred payment money independent form value has the function payment method unilaterally transfer, such paying off debts. the ultiledger ecosystem, ult serves the payment method when buyers and sellers require credit sales. for example, order promote sales, the seller grants the buyer preferential condition delayed payment collection. the buyer then completes the payment with ult after the agreed upon number days. store value,when money temporarily exits the circulation and enters relatively static state, serves store value. reasons for this state are, one, store purchasing power, and two, accumulate wealth. this function commonly shared all currencies. the ultiledger ecosystem, the ult can serve both store purchasing power and store wealth for global assets. although ult mirrors all functions traditional currency, not fiat money. does not rely any central bank for its issuance, nor will issued excess, causing inflation out control. similar the scarcity bitcoin, the total ult circulation fixed. the economic ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper ecosystem continues grow, and the chain assets continue increase, the value ult will develop subsequently, and ultimately reflect the steady growth prices. ult: the value and the role ultiledger, there are two types tokens, one the ult native token the main chain which serves the foundation all payments and transactions; the other consists sub -chain tokens developed on-demand for specific commercial applications and partners. each the subchains that have been reviewed and approved through the consensus agreement can issue its own tokens, which will further empower each participant within the sub-ecosystem. value development friedrich august von hayek, the nobel laureate economist, pointed out the denationalization money" that the stability purchasing power one the important qualities money. the ult the native token should have certain level stability meet the needs for daily payment and transaction. however, this stability not static, and process value development the long term. according theories money demand, the following equation can used: the decentralized infrastructure the blockchain, there central entity record the transaction information others. instead, every node participating the network has the right bookkeep. order ensure the validity the ledger entries, the blockchain needs consensus algorithm select single node record transaction. when the node creates the record and have verified other nodes, the transaction considered successful. the record cannot tampered with. order encourage each node participate bookkeeping, the blockchain network usually gives the node certain amount rewards, such block rewards bitcoin and ethereum. the same time, the consensus algorithm also regulates the security the ledger information. since the bookkeepers are rewarded the blockchain system, they need ensure that the information they record correct and reliable. otherwise, ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper this case, money demand, supply goods, the value money. based the above equation, the money demand directly proportional the supply goods and inversely proportional the value money. the money demand increases the supply goods increases, and decreases the value money increases. the amount money supplied depends the money demand, according the theory market equilibrium supply equals demand. this means that equilibrium reached when money supplied accordance with the money demand. fundamental digital currency, ult, one hand, due the fixed amount circulation, bound increase value and purchasing power with the continuous increase assets the chain. the other hand, ult the native token complex ecosystem, with the increasing number participating nodes, frequent transactions will inevitably increase the demand for ult, which will further boost the value ult according the above equation. these increases value are bound reflected the rise prices. result, the ult digital currency will remain stable the short term, enabling meet daily transactions and, over the long term, will gradually add value reflect market expectations. addition, ult has the following functions: gas gas considered the cost using network resources. the economic ecosystem ultiledger, various types transactions occur between different subchains. order for the transaction proceed smoothly, the transaction participants need pay the "miners" lumpsum fee, which called the gas ult. the existence gas motivates the miners record the transaction package onto blockchain, enabling public record each transaction the ultiledger ecosystem. addition, certain ult required order create subchain account the main chain, that is, the account opening fee. the existence the account opening fee mainly avoid flooding registration and prevent similar "ddos attacks". medium for value conversion ult hub for exchange between different subchains and assumes the func tion medium for value transfer. one hand, because the subchain tokens are not interchangeable, order improve the usability the subchain tokens, ult required universal equivalent realize the value conversion between different tokens; the other hand, since each subchain provides distinct services, node subchain would need use ult order obtain the services subchain ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper reward "usage mining" ult also takes the role incentives for community upkeep. any contributing participant the community will receive respective reward tokens; the project team/developers will also more driven complement and promote the ecosystem, motivated the ultimate value increase the tokens their possession. the role and value the subchain tokens tokens issued the subchains also have irreplaceable role. one hand, since each subchain can issue its own token, thus the token market function similarly "stock market". users may choose hold tokens store value for the long term, sell these for shortterm gains. however, ultiledger's token market will far exceed the "stock market" term robustness. its integrated capacities, including vc, crowdfunding, securities market, bank credit and others, provide guaranteed fundings the lowest cost for project participants, either the start-up phase when initial capital scarce during the project development and expansion. the other hand, token holders can access any product service provided token consumer projects. exchange between subchain tokens possible with the native token universal equivalent, which facilitates transactions across the ecosystem. similarly, subchain tokens can also used for account activation and transaction processing fees. ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper scenarios the ultiledger ecosystem the fundamental premise the ultiledger economic ecosystem based ult the native token. specific application scenarios this ecosystem are follows: self-finance "self-finance" proposed relative third-party finance. financial activity where any credited enterprise, industry cluster, individual community independently carries out financial activities within its own ecosystem, with bank-level secured system books and accounts, without involving bank. self-financing tokenizes its own credit and pass the participants the ecosystem, greatly reduces financial costs and improves the efficiency internal financial settlement, replacing some extent intermediaries such traditional banks and financial institutions. "self-finance" and "internet finance" are not equivalent concepts. internet finance based endorsements intermediary platforms. most these applications will not achieve "self-finance", due issues with their own credit and with supervision and management. the contrary, any organization, corporation individual can initiate self-finance, without passing through any organization. self-finance unrealistic current social and economic activities, the financial intermediaries' role with "credit" almost irreplaceable the process. intermediaries such government regulatory agencies, notary services, banks, custodians and third-party payment platforms have supported the effective operation the modern financial system creating trust relationships. centralization and intermediation have become the norms for the contemporary financial operations. finance, its core, credit. credit required for all financial activities. blockchain technology does not guarantee credit, but provides solution for trust financial services for organizations individuals with established credit. financial solutions based blockchain technology allow individuals businesses engage financial activities without relying intermediaries for the first time. ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper financing like fiat money, bitcoin, ethereum, etc., ult public chain token can also used for ico for financing purposes. ico financing can compared direct financing ipo the traditional financial sector. from the perspective financiers, both are financing methods support the development projects companies, except that ico raises funds through the issuance tokens. purchasing tokens, investors obtain rights and interests promised the project party. these include but are not limited to: "dividend tokens" (similar dividends) and voting rights based the amount tokens held, well the rights hold spread trade. there can also non-security tokens, which not benchmark stocks the securities market. the multi-chain architecture the ultiledger enables the ecological development all subchains use the main chain ult the pricing reference, thus supports the subsequent subchain token issuance, financing and value exchange. for example, each subchain, approved consensus review, may funded ico and issuing its own sub-ecological token. the collected ult natie token can used purchase services from other subchains within the ultiledger ecosystem, contract custom development, consulting, licensing, and other paid premium services. payments can also used purchase ser vices for other subchains the ultiledger ecosystem. ico fundraising within the ult ecosystem provides three major advantages: firstly, the threshold for token issuance reduced, because the subchain only needs approved consensus review; secondly, the blockchain eliminates the risk loss trust base, the any subchain ico based the ult native token, and the ult trusted universally the ecosystem; last but not least, the subchains not need recruit nodes computing power for security backup, because the ult ecosystem maintained whole. cross-border payment world bank's data shows that the global cross-border payment market (international remittance) continues grow rate about per year, reaching billion the profits cross-border payment business all regions maintain growing trend, especially asia, where china surpassed brazil become the third largest global cross-border payment market after the and the eurozone. the same time, cross-border payment costs remain high, averaging the end user (payer) transfer amount. with the influx new entities into the cross-border payment market, the overall transactions are now handled through non-bank institutions. payment fundamental step the process financing. transfers through blockchain technology, especially the cross-border payment scenario, enjoys prominent advantages. the technology establishes direct interaction between multinational payers, simplifies the ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper process and enables real-time settlement, improving efficiency, yet reducing costs. thus, also promotes the development business models including cross-border micropayments. asset tokenization asset tokenization extension asset securitization. traditional financial markets, asset securitization refers the sale assets that are illiquid but have predictable income issuing securities the capital market exchange financing and maximized liquidity assets. the same time, the buyers the securities acquire rights future income right and security holding. asset securitization common practice worldwide. present, more than half the housing mortgage loans and more than three-quarters auto loans are provided through issuing asset securities. asset securitization direct financing method that raises funds through the issuance securities capital markets and money markets. the ultiledger ecosystem, either tangible goods, such house and car, intangible rights, such claims, equity, intellectual property, etc., can registered, confirmed, notarized the ultiledger public chain. these assets will issued tokens for trading and circulation, traceable process throughout, preventing the risk double spending. result, reconciliation not required. the process traditional asset securitization, there are usually many parties involved, including the asset side, the capital side, and various types intermediaries. due the large volume and high frequency transactions, the inter-agency information transmission very complex. thus, liquidation and settlement, and the validity the assets the parties have always proposed challenges asset securitization. ultiledger's proof assets (poa) securely stores transaction data, ensuring that information stays tamper-proof and falsification-proof. the same time, the ecosystem takes advantage the automated processes smart contracts, allowing parties access the same transaction records order verify transaction information real time, safeguarding its authenticity and integrity. these features shall effectively improve the transparency asset securitization transactions. ultiledger's multi-chain trading model guarantees the authenticity asset data and the reliability transactions asset securitization, effectively reducing the financing costs for enterprises within the ecosystem. the same time, thanks the distributed ledger and consensus mechanism, all subchains have unified data source for transaction and asset information, effectively addressing the costly settlement between subchains (or institutions). ultiledger's application the asset tokenization scenario solves the problem trust for asset securitization services, allowing investors verify the authenticity assets and detect the default risks real time. regard supervision, the sources and the participating nodes asset transfers are clearly and openly ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper recorded. case breached contracts, the system can effectively track down the responsible parties and prevent systemic risks. ultiledger proposes optimal solution for cost reduction, efficiency, and asset data validity for the entire financial market. asset tokenization may take several forms, including but not limited the following application scenarios: tokenization equity traditional financial markets, enterprises may choose sell and transfer through public channels part the company's governance, voting rights, and business advice rights the form stocks, either for financing purposes for longer-term development. this the case for listed companies. however, the token economy, paper stocks and contracts are synonymous with inefficiency and high cost. under the decentralized blockchain consensus mechanism, through the automated management smart contracts and tamper-proof transaction records, stock-based investment income rights, voting rights, and distribution surplus assets, etc., will better represented the blockchain distributed ledgers. tokenization copyright from the registration and confirmation works, the responsibility determination and the resorting protection case infringement, the copyright holders often have vigorously fight and defend their rights and interests, while consumers struggle find cost-effective platform for desired works. the same time, the gainshare for authors digital works such general graphics extremely low, which often involves layers intermediaries, resulting limited rewards for the authors. the tokenization copyright allows each author register his/her work the public chain the form splittable and tradable tokens, reducing intermediate links. tokenization creditors' rights based the core enterprise's accounts payable the upstream suppliers, the suppliers' accounts receivable claims can tokenized, which can used replace the traditional bank's acceptance bill and commercial acceptance bill payment methods. the token can split, circulated, repurchased, financed, thus credit the core enterprise pushed through multilevel suppliers and multi-level distributors. closed-loop ecosystem procurement, production and sales, tokens can greatly reduce financial costs and improve internal settlement efficiency. the meantime, the token assets the subchains can mapped the main chain, allowing the assets standardized and combined order release new token assets the public chain for circulation and trade. this the practical application scenario supply chain finance. ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper tokenization other assets from the financial innovation perspective, asset tokenization full possibilities and could applied all aspects. addition the above mentioned scenarios, also includes the tokenization income rights. reits (real estate investment trust) perfect example securitization income rights. investors who hold shares reits will receive dividends lump sum income (such rental income and spreads from value increases). for mature traditional models such the reits, ultiledger can recreate such success through the blockchain and digital currency technologies, not greater one. due the point-to-point and borderless nature digital currency, has been prescribed with cost advantages for bypassing the financial institutions such banks. with the automated management smart contracts, the tokenization securities will one pillars ultiledger's economic ecosystem. tokenization data the tokenization data refers new business model that registers valuable yet unpriced information onto the blockchain and shares with industry stakeholders return for real benefits. specific applications via blockchain include but are not limited to: encryption and protection personal privacy data, tracking medical r&d data, industry-wide sharing medical diagnostic data, real-time analysis the automobile network data, and more. via blockchain, the data provider assumes absolute ownership and control over the data. participants who are not bound smart contracts will not able access the encrypted data the blockchain. therefore, users longer face the embarrassment where "sharing means surrendering". through the management smart contracts and token incentives, the orderly sharing data under the ultiledger ecosystem will become innovative business model. consensus-based profit sharing ultiledger's economic ecosystem based ult the native token, but unlike the social economy based fiat currency, use the open and transparent chain code execute automatic distribution economic benefits, thus achieving true fairness. result, puts end speculation for profiteering all traditional economic models that rely information asymmetry monopoly status. the blockchain production relationship because the technology can perfectly distribute benefits different participants. the recognition the distribution rules such benefits all parties forms consensus. ultiledger's economic ecosystem, there so-called intermediary platform, and all parties the exchanges are directly connected point-to-point manner, which ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper allows each participant better enjoy the corresponding rewards and rights. the shared rights various tokens based ult through blockchain technology can benefit every participant, consumer, employee, and ordinary technical personnel, especially those often overlooked under the traditional corporate system and financial system. they can now access the sharing tokens through blockchain and through crowdfunding, which were privileges for the capitalist and the monopolist the past. gateway ultiledger's underlying protocol designed and positioned ensure that our self-finance agreements fully meet the needs the ecosystem, that is, allowing any institution individual issue new assets based the public chain native asset (ult the native token). assets issued within the ultiledger ecosystem are supported and exchange through the multichain structure consisted the main chain and the subchains. external assets, including external fiat money tokenized assets, will supported through ultiledger's gateway. gateways are entities that people trust (most gateways are financial institutions such banks and payment companies). the entry and exit point fiat money the ultiledger ecosystem, these gateways provide real-time maintenance fiat money accounts and ultiledger wallets. user deposits funds into his /her fiat money accounts, the gateway will deposit equivalent amounts ult-based assets into the user's ultiledger wallet and vice versa. this operation similar paypal: one first deposits funds from the bank account paypal before one gets the equivalent credit the paypal account. one can use these paypal credit with anybody who trusts paypal (anyone with paypal account). the person who receives the paypal credit can the end convert the credit fiat money through paypal and then transfer the bank. the gateway plays similar role ultiledger. the difference that all "paypal accounts" and other anchors exist the same network, which allows exchanges, making the system more powerful. users can easily send credits each other and and exchange among all these different anchors, such usd into cny, gbp into jpy. ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper governance ultiledger the utilledger platform uses the most groundbreaking subchain economic governance model: the value-tracking voting system. utilledger's economic governance structure designed with management the core and implemented all levels the main chain and subchain economic activities. the development blockchain has become more mature, and has surpassed the simple conventional payment system. the enterprise value storage and distribution carried distributed applications will face new economic governance revolution. e-commerce, manufacturing, and any traditional business model will conceptualized the blockchain, establishing new economic models and financing, trading, and value redistribution. without effective economic governance management layer, the aforementeiond functionality are impossible achieve, utilledger's economic governance structure the main chain and subchain will become important part its success. utilledger not only aims corporate self-finance application, but also build ecosystem that self-managing and engaging everyone. governance structure ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper level ultiledger core layer. the core layer provides basic system components and smart contracts for the use ultiledger, including network management, token management, and final verification value-tracking voting. the basic functions are related the legal framework credit engine and trusted systems, well security and data transparency. layer ultiledger service layer. the ultiledger service layer will provide additional services top the ultiledger core layer. these services are designed make easy for any participant build investment application ultiledger and serve the market the most innovative way. ultiledger will introduce more features best meet ever-changing market demands. for example, using application templates, custom tools, and advanced data processing capabilities identified through collective decision making the service layer, users can achieve their vision more quickly while reducing the barriers entry into new application creation. layer ultiledger application layer. the ultiledger application layer deployed the end the subchain, running the ultiledger service layer directly the ultiledger core layer. these applications are both application front ends, some which may built ultiledger third parties. value-tracking voting system value-tracking voting equity-weighted voting system (value-tracking voting system) that and also provides options for equity weighting and programmable liquidity. weighting means that ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper voting rights are proportional the number shares you own the project. the blockchain world, this often referred "token." the stock world, called "shares." the tracking voting liquidity involves "authorized voting", which means that users can delegate their voting rights the other party any time, and the length the voting determined the user. this allows the user maintain degree control without having participate the decision all time. the value-tracking voting system, investors retain control over discretion. the tokenweighted value-tracking voting system highly flexible governance model that applies variety structures, from one person one vote, traditional corporate arrangements, new types organizations. the model also appropriately motivates users make many different types contributions (code, community contributions, funds) the network, with both decision-making and rewardissuing capabilities. also integrates with other automated decision structures. ultiledger uses enhanced voting process designed complement the equity-weighted liquid value retroactive voting system. this means that someone has provable long-term token holding the network, they can have higher voting weight. the voting pool organized trackable voting management the network value the allocated funds. any token entering the voting pool can assigned received independently higher-level value-tracking voting network. trust network ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper the ultiledger subchain voting will take the mechanism trust network. the trust network consists number independent trust endorsements (ie, vectors) that are accountable and can automated. the trust formula and trust vector are the sum all the trustees and their suggestions from personal point view (here represented vectors, which may positive vectors negative positive vectors). through the credit formula, record all these endorsements and allow multiple levels derivation. ult will become trust token the su-chain voting. each trust vector endorsement. the endorsement business for which includes timestamp and optional weight. public credit ledger consisting single trust vector key element the ultiledger platform governance. this structure mimics the pyramidal form corporate governance, making the entire voting process more effective. for example, low-level employees incentive management the ultiledger foundation can allocate budgets motivate management, and participants are rewarded simply voting major issues the platform. only ult token holders can own voting rights platform decisions. ultiledger's management model directly grants minority management rights. value-tracking voting, individual members can vote directly question delegate their voting rights authorized expert (this expert may business owner manager). the authorization model gives more experienced individuals greater voting rights. ultiledger builds trusted autonomy platform for the subchain, but the final discretion needs verified the main chain. voters can receive ult rewards for participating voting optimizing the system. the token holder community will vote issues such the direction the entire platform. order facilitate the participation the members the subchain, ultiledger allocates the budget from the foundation level the subchain voting pool. ultiledger sets reasonable entry threshold: mortgage ults can submit recommendations, but all accepted suggestion proponents can recycle ults, only those who have been rejected will forfeited ult. course, valuetracking voting, token holders can delegate their votes authorized experts. under this licensing module, experts have greater voting rights and reward incentives, management experts can generate more innovative decisions. ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper token issuance achieve and deliver the ecosystem and all application scenarios described this whitepaper, ultiledger will issue total billion ult tokens, which will serving the essential currency within the ecosystem. ultiledger promises that there will never additional offering after the initial coin offering (ico). ultiledger will provide million ults the total) directly the open market through the token generation event (tge). based the purpose and principles exploration and solicitation, the ultiledger foundation will provide targeted exchange service for limited amount ults all community participants who are confident and willing contribute the project. the directional exchange rate eth ult will (tentative) during the period. recommended that each eligible participant who meets the legal requirements does not subscribe for more than eths. token allocation crowdsale foundation token allocation ecosystem development ecosystem development team team foundation crowdsale ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper use fund legal and use fund legal and ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper roadmap submodule development development completion the federated byzantine algorithm based the gaussian channel model establishment main chain and subchain architecture block information construction: transactions, block headers, caches, etc. implementation subchain raft algorithm completion point-to-point communication main network and subnet construction communication and initialization the main network and subnet interoperability and transaction between subnets compatibility with the stellar gateway subchain smart contract templates launch the test network governance voting mechanism for trust endorsement algorithm development voting mechanism for subchain join and exit the main network emergency voting mechanism election mechanism super subchains launch main network code audit code optimization integration business partners the subchains .token mapping ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper team bios technical background: hkex wanxiang group chinese academy sciences ant financial sap financial background: financial background: jpmorgan chase china merchants bank randolf liang founder mr. liang graduated from zhejiang university. the founder ripplefox, which the largest ripple and stellar gateway china with more than four years operation and more than developers and enthusiasts. mr. liang has years development experience. used senior project manager wanxiang blockchain lab, senior technical expert sap china research institute, and development manager asia pacific state street bank. mr. liang was also senior researcher chinaledger (china distributed general ledger primary protocol alliance), and lecturer the blockchain the china computer society. mr. liang served system test specialist the ministry industry and information technology. mainly studied the issuance and trading crypto assets, and participated the preparation the chinaledger technical white paper. ipple and stellar founder jed mccaleb was first introduced china mr. liang. tommy co-founder, chief operating officer mr. has four years work experience china merchants bank, and four and half years experience independent entrepreneurship. his company was acquired, and has then become venture capital (vc) and private equity (pe) investor. mr. has many years experience finance, management and market development. also has great ability business sense, execution and integration resources. june mr. co-founded the win-win chain information technology (shenzhen) co., ltd. with liang ran, ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper jiqiu, tcl and wang hui (the chief architect gree supply chain financial system), which mainly focused blockchain and supply chain financing. the company has won seed round investment from mr. wang lijie and mr. xia zuoquan (one byd's founders) before its official launch. after six months hard working, the company has successfully landed three customers and has made indepth engagement with super-large enterprises including foxconn, geely and byd. zeus zuo (canadian chinese) co-founder, chief scientist, phd dr. zuo was the managing director the hong kong stock exchange and the general manager the hong kong stock exchange technology corporation china mainland. served the chief architect the dalian commodity exchange between has extensive experience both international and domestic securities and futures markets, especially the fields financial technology (fintech) and blockchain and distributed ledger technology. dr. zuo leading key member blockchain and distributed ledger technology hong kong's capital market. was awarded the best business intelligence implementation computerworld magazine, and was the key inventor "realtime measurement and monitoring ultra-low latency performance trading systems", patent related china's capital market technology. between dr. zuo served enterprise architect the chicago mercantile exchange group (cme group). dr. zuo received his ph.d. degree from york university, toronto, canada eric gao co-founder, chief economic officer mr. gao has more than years securities practice, and has worked for citic securities, ping securities, wanjia fund, founder securities and first venture morgan chase securities (jpm's only investment banking platform mainland china). mr. gao has extensive investment experience, and the total amount investment and financing projects led mr. gao was more than billion yuan. mr. gao specialized asset securitization. led the anhui province mintou microfinance co., ltd. small loan asset securitization, which was the third asset securitization case small loan companies china, and the shandong fengyuan tongda power asset securitization, which was the first asset securitization case power charging rights, well other asset management projects include bank ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper credit card assets, car loan assets, consumer loans and generalized credit assets, leased factoring company assets, corporate accounts receivable, cmbs, etc. ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper key developers scott mr. the co-founder ripplefox which the largest ripple and stella's community china. mr. was data scientist ant financial service international risk control, specialist alibaba data science team, and senior distributed system developer ibm's development lab china. mr. graduated from zhejiang university, chu kochen honors college, and has years software system development experience, and years big data full link experience, well years blockchain technology practical experience. mr. has many algorithm invention patents, and has served one the first lecturers alibaba data university. mr. has rich experience distributed system and algorithm development, and also has extensive practical experience fraud prevention and anti-cheating financial systems. alex zhao mr. zhao expert artificial intelligence and distributed systems. was algorithm engineer the department ant financial services group's, engineer the data center alimama's machine learning, and algorithm engineer the data science team alibaba. mr. zhao graduated computer science from beihang university, and has extensive experience machine learning, recommendation systems, online advertising algorithms and distributed system development. mr. zhao's algorithms has achieved remarkable results taobao, alimama and alipay. mr. zhao expert "go" language, and has in-depth research the blockchain core distributed architecture and various consensus algorithms. mr. zhao has the capabilities and experience algorithm design, system architecture, well development and operation the full stack. ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper yole mr. former senior technical specialist sap china research institute and former china senior systems engineer, well the head sap anywhere channel technology and security expert. mr. has extensive experience systems security, service architecture, and other areas, and has long focused high-performance, high-availability blockchain and distributed systems research, well cryptography and various distributed algorithms. mr. graduated from northeastern university china. member the china computer federation, and certified acp project management institute (pmi). also the author the scaled agile series. stephon co-founder ripplefox coo focus digital cryptocurrency and blockchain research; domestic ripple and stellar authority. bank-level system application development expert, with many years experience bank-level system security and high-availability business distributed architecture, has served senior development engineer the asia pacific region state street bank. has unique insights product design, human-computer interaction, and visual experience. william zheng the first group developers involved the ripplefox community, has in-depth research high-performance, high-availability blockchain and distributed systems. mr. zheng graduated from academy, zhejiang university technology china, has years experience software system development, has worked for state street bank and hikvision internet business center senior software development engineer and iot software architect. ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper key consultants george wang (american chinese) dr. wang was one the "china national thousand talents". received his ph.d. from georgia institute technology. dr. wang currently serves the chief scientist the integrated supply chain laboratory the central research institute huawei technologies co. ltd., and expert optimized decision making and artificial intelligence. dr. wang received his bachelor's and master's degrees from fudan university and respectively. has been for nearly years. was the chief engineer morgan chase, the chief engineer and operation research expert american sai shi software research institute. dr. wang returned china the vice president tide coal. since has been employed huawei academia sinica, working with mit develop processing plan optimize decision-making systems. dr. wang familiar with blockchain principles and has developed systems for logistics delivery and payment payments. benjamin (american chinese) mr. benjamin has successful and extensive management and professional experience chinese and financial service firms and enterprise software companies. used work associated cio hua tai lian securities corporation and held coo positions several financial service companies. when worked the options clearing corporation, worked directly the development and operation the options trading market' clearing system encore. mr. has mba degree from the university texas austin, degree from the university notre dame, master graduate from the university science and technology china, and degree from shandong university. jinhai luo the founder quantum school, the encryption community sponsor, the editor-in-chief southern metropolis daily, the earliest blockchain entrepreneur china, the founder coins web, the founder colapay, the founder blockchain copyright project "original base", and the first promoter blockchain "multisignature". the same time, mr. jin also has the identity submarine engineer, science fiction writer, and reporter the southern newspaper. the author "newton's new clothes", "everyone understands blockchain", "calculation" and "city war". the prefacer many science fiction works written cixin liu, the author "three-body". the quantum school was founded the end focusing the popularization natural science and logical rationality. the current platform has more than readers and the top natural science community china. ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper frank frank has worked hp, netease games, xueqiu, tiger securities, and served various management positions. frank later started his own business, and created public media channel called "chips", which mainly focused stock and oversea assets. the channel has more than users with high net worth. frank established the coin tiger digital currency trading platform, and has been served the founder and ceo thereafter. ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper ult token terms and conditions token sale and usage please read these terms token sale and usage carefully. you not agree these terms (as defined herein), not purchase (whether through intermediary otherwise) continue hold use ult (as defined below). these terms not constitute prospectus offering document, and are not offer sell, nor the solicitation offer buy any investment financial instrument any jurisdiction. making contribution the seller (as defined below) any intermediary for the purchase ult, continuing hold use ult which you may have obtained any other means, you will bound these terms and all terms incorporated herein reference. accepting these terms, you will entering into binding agreement with the seller, which terms contain provisions which affect your legal rights. the purchase, holding and usage digital tokens subject number risks (including financial risk), some which have set out these terms. you are any doubt the suitability otherwise purchasing, holding usage the digital tokens referred these terms, you should seek appropriate professional advice. nothing these terms constitutes legal, financial, business tax advice and you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional advisers before engaging any activity connection herewith. your purchase, whether through intermediary otherwise, well continued holding and/or usage ult subject these terms and conditions (the terms). each you and the seller "party," and together with the "parties." please read the below terms and conditions carefully before registering, accessing, browsing, downloading and/or using the website https://www.ultiledger.io (the website). accessing using the website, purchasing ult (whether through intermediary otherwise), continuing hold use ult, you agree bound these terms (and all terms incorporated reference). before agreeing the terms, you must read this document full. any time you not agree these terms and conditions not wish bound these terms and conditions, you may not access use the website, and shall not entitled purchase ult (whether through intermediary otherwise) continue hold use ult. shall under obligation maintain copy these terms the website after the sale ult, and you are advised print download and keep copy these terms for your future reference (if required). purpose and usage tokens ult cryptographic utility token. the purpose ult facilitate the participation the ultiledger network which, when fully developed, envisaged infrastructure level high-throughput network incorporating novel dpos-i based consensus algorithm that aims meet the global commercial standards, support variety location based applications such travelling, car sharing, tourism, real estate, etc. eventually, the goal for the ultiledger network include tools for the blockchain community and developers design and build applications within the ecosystem ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper thereon. the ultiledger network not, and will case be, enterprise, corporation, partnership other entity body corporate established under the laws any jurisdiction, but computerized consensus protocol based which public transaction ledger generated. ult designed the only mechanism which user may obtain access certain products and services the ult network (when the same completed and deployed). for each exchange services products the ult network, the costs are quantified ult and paid the ult network and/or the other party providing the service. the goal introducing ult provide convenient and secure mode payment and settlement between participants who interact within the ult network. further, ult paid users incentives for contributions and/or maintenance the ult network. ult required virtual crypto "fuel" for using certain designed functions the ult network. computational resources are required for running various applications and executing transactions the ult network, well the validation and verification additional blocks information the blockchain, thus providers these services resources would require payment for the consumption these resources maintain network integrity, and ult will used the unit exchange quantify and pay the costs the consumed computational resources. users the ult network and/or holders ult which did not actively participate the ult network will not receive any ult incentives. the precise scope the ult network will developed further and will announced once finalised. ult integral and indispensable part the ult network because the absence ult, there would common unit exchange for goods and services economic incentive motivate users contribute, thus rendering the ecosystem the ult network unsustainable. the ownership ult carries rights, express implied, the seller, its related entities its affiliates (each, group entity) other than the right use ult means enable usage and interaction with the ult network, upon the successful development and deployment the ult network. ult sold consumable virtual good, and does not have any functionality utility outside the ecosystem the ult network accordingly not necessarily merchantable and does not necessarily have any other use value. the ecosystem the ult network structured "closed system" insofar the usage ult concerned. you understand and accept that ult: may only utilised the ult network, non-refundable and cannot exchanged for cash (or its equivalent value any other virtual currency) any payment obligation any group entity; does not represent confer you any ownership right, shareholding, participation, right, title, interest any form with respect any group entity any other company, enterprise undertaking, any their revenues assets, including without limitation any right receive future revenue, dividends, shares, ownership right stake, share security, any voting, distribution, redemption, liquidation, proprietary (including all forms intellectual property), other financial legal rights equivalent rights, intellectual property rights any other form participation relating the ult network, any group entity and/or any service provider any group entity; not intended representation currency money (whether fiat virtual any form electronic money), security, commodity, bond, debt instrument any other kind financial instrument investment; ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper not intended represent any rights under contract for differences under any other contract the purpose pretended purpose which secure profit avoid loss; not loan any group entity and not intended represent debt owed any group entity, and there shall expectation profit interest income arising connection therewith; does not provide you with any ownership other interest any group entity; not any form financial derivative; not any form commercial paper negotiable instrument; will not entitle token holders any promise fees, dividends, revenue, profits investment returns, nor should there any such expectation; not any note, debenture, warrant other certificate that entitles the holder any interest, dividend any kind return from any group entity any person; not any commodity asset that any person obliged redeem purchase; not for speculative investment; not intended constitute securities singapore any relevant jurisdiction; does not result any mutual covenants, agreement rights and obligations, being entered into between you and other holders ult. subject limitations and conditions these terms and all applicable policies may published from time time the ult network. you acknowledge and agree that group entity under any obligation issue replacement ult the event any ult private key lost, stolen, malfunctioning, destroyed otherwise inaccessible unusable for any reason. particular, please note that are the process undertaking legal and regulatory analysis the functionality ult. following the conclusion this analysis, there may changes the intended functionality ult order ensure compliance with any legal regulatory requirements which are ult subject. the event any changes the intended functionality ult, the details the changes shall published the website. your responsibility regularly check the website for any such notices. scope terms unless otherwise stated herein, your purchase ult (whether through intermediary otherwise), and continued holding and/or usage ult governed solely these terms. new terms policies may published from time time the ult network our sole discretion. the sale ult does not constitute the provision any goods and/or services the date that these terms form binding agreement between the parties. any potential future usage ult connection with providing receiving services the usage the ult network (when the same completed and deployed) will governed primarily other applicable terms and policies (collectively, the service terms and policies), which will made available the ult network and/or website, the services and the ult network successfully completed and deployed. may update these terms the service terms and policies our sole and absolute discretion. shall your responsibility regularly check the ult network website for any such notices. the extent any conflict with these terms, the updated terms and the service terms and policies which may ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper published from time time the ult network shall prevail with respect any issues relating the usage ult connection with the ult network. reserve the right require you provide with your personal details (including without limitation correct name, address and details the digital wallet from which you have sent the funds), and your responsibility provide correct details. failure provide this information will prevent from transferring ult your digital wallet. cancellation and refusal seller's discretion your purchase ult (whether through intermediary otherwise) from the seller final; there are refunds cancellations except may required applicable law regulation and you waive any rights refunded any amounts which you have paid the seller exchange for ult cancel any purchase. notwithstanding the foregoing, the seller reserves the right refuse cancel any request(s) purchase purchases ult (as the case may be), any time its sole discretion without giving reasons, including without limitation the following: connection with any failure complete know-your-customer, anti-money laundering and counter terrorist financing checks prescribed the seller; connection with adverse change the regulatory environment. such event, the price paid you shall rejected refunded (as applicable) accordance with the seller's internal policies and procedures, less fees and expenses incurred connection with the development the ult network and the ecosystem thereon, or, required applicable law, confiscated. the seller reserves the right require you provide the seller with your personal details (including without limitation correct name, address and details the digital wallet from which you have sent the funds), and your responsibility provide correct details. failure provide this information will prevent the seller from allocating the token your digital wallet. any refund the price under this clause shall calculated the usd exchange rate the relevant token which had been paid the seller, the time payment refund, whichever would result lower fiat usd value the refund (as the same may conclusively determined the seller). interest will accrue the value any refund and the seller shall entitled charge processing fee not exceeding the refund amount. acknowledgment and assumption risks you acknowledge and agree that there are numerous risks associated with purchasing ult, holding ult, and using ult for participation the ult network. you have any queries require any clarification regarding these risks, please contact contact@ultiledger.io. you clearly understand that blockchain and virtual currencies tokens are new and unverified technologies that are beyond control any group entity. particular, and addition terms this document, you bear full responsibility for any risks designated the proposed documentation. purchasing (whether through intermediary otherwise), holding and/or using ult, you expressly acknowledge and assume the following risks: uncertain regulations and enforcement actions ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper the regulatory status ult and distributed ledger technology unclear unsettled many jurisdictions, but numerous regulatory authorities across jurisdictions have been outspoken about considering the implementation regulatory regimes which govern cryptocurrency cryptocurrency markets. impossible predict how, when whether regulatory agencies may apply existing regulations create new regulations with respect such technology and its applications, including ult and/or the ult network. regulatory actions could negatively impact ult and/or the ult network various ways. the seller any group entity may cease operations jurisdiction the event that regulatory actions, changes law regulation, make illegal operate such jurisdiction, commercially undesirable obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) operate such jurisdiction. risks associated with the blockchain protocol given that ult and the ult network are based blockchain protocol and architecture, any malfunction, breakdown abandonment the relevant blockchain protocol architecture may have material adverse effect ult and/or the ult network. moreover, advances cryptography, technical advances (including without limitation development quantum computing), could present unknown risks ult and/or the ult network rendering ineffective the cryptographic consensus mechanism that underpins that blockchain protocol. the future cryptography and security innovations are highly unpredictable. security you are responsible for implementing reasonable measures for securing the digital wallet, vault other storage mechanism you use receive and hold ult which you have purchased, including any requisite passwords, tokens, private key(s) other credentials necessary access such storage mechanism(s). your passwords, tokens, private key(s) other access credentials are lost, you may lose access your ult. cannot responsible for, and are technologically unable recover, any such losses. insufficient information the ult network the stage development the date these terms and its algorithm, code, consensus mechanism and/or various other technical specifications and parameters could updated and changed frequently and constantly. while the marketing materials and whitepaper released relating the development the ult network has been prepared with the then up-to-date key information the ult network, not absolutely complete and subject adjustments and updates from time time for optimal development and growth the ult network and/or ecosystem the ult network. are unable, nor obliged, keep you closely posted every detail the development the ult network (including its progress and expected milestones matter whether rescheduled not) and therefore will not necessarily provide you with timely and full access all the information relating the ult network that may emerge from time time. due the nature the project develop the ult network, you accept that such insufficiency information disclosure inevitable and reasonable. ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper security weaknesses. hackers other malicious groups organisations may attempt interfere with ult and/or the ult network variety ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks, denial service attacks, consensus-based attacks, sybil attacks, smurfing and spoofing. furthermore, there risk that third party member any group entity may intentionally unintentionally introduce weaknesses into the core infrastructure ult and/or the ult network, which could negatively affect ult and/or the ult network. risks associated with markets for ult. there prior market for ult and the ult token sale may not result active liquid market for ult. ult intended used solely within the network for the ult network, hence there may illiquidity risk with respect any ult you hold. ult not currency issued any central bank national, supranational quasi-national organisation, nor backed any hard assets other credit nor "commodity" the usual and traditional sense that word. are not responsible for, nor pursue, the circulation and trading ult any market. trading ult will merely depend the consensus its value between the relevant market participants. one obliged purchase any ult from any holder ult, including the purchasers, nor does anyone guarantee the liquidity market price ult any extent any time. furthermore, ult may not resold purchaser who citizen, national, resident (tax otherwise), domiciliary green card holder restricted country purchasers where the purchase ult may violation applicable laws. accordingly, cannot ensure that there will any demand market for ult, that the price you pay for ult indicative any market valuation market price for ult. any secondary market exchange for trading ult would run and operated wholly independently the group entities, the sale ult and the ult network. group entity will create such secondary markets nor will act exchange for ult. even secondary trading ult facilitated third party exchanges, such exchanges may relatively new and subject little regulatory oversight, making them more susceptible fraud manipulation. furthermore, the extent that third parties ascribe external exchange value ult (e.g., denominated virtual fiat currency), such value may extremely volatile, decline below the price which you have paid for ult, and/or diminish zero. risk uninsured losses ult uninsured unless you specifically obtain private insurance insure them. the event loss loss utility value, there public insurer private insurance arranged us, offer recourse you. taxation risks the tax characterisation ult uncertain. you must seek your own tax advice connection with the purchase, holding and/or usage ult, which may result adverse tax consequences you, including withholding taxes, income taxes and tax reporting requirements. competitors possible that alternative networks could established that utilise the same similar code and protocol ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper underlying ult and/or the ult network and attempt re-create similar facilities. the ult network may required compete with these alternative networks, which could negatively impact ult and/or the ult network. insufficient interest possible that the ult network will not used large number individuals, companies and other entities that there will limited public interest the creation and development distributed ecosystems (such the ult network). such lack use interest could negatively impact the development the ult network and therefore the potential utility ult. risk dissolution the seller, any group entity the ult network start-up companies such the seller involve high degree risk. financial and operating risks confronting start-up companies are significant, and the seller not immune these. start-up companies often experience unexpected problems the areas product development, marketing, financing, and general management, among others, which frequently cannot solved. possible that, due any number reasons, including, but not limited to, unfavourable fluctuation the value cryptographic and fiat currencies, decrease the utility ult due negative adoption the ult network, the failure commercial relationships, intellectual property ownership challenges, the ult network may longer viable operate and the seller any group entity may dissolved. risks arising from lack governance rights because ult confers governance rights any kind with respect the ult network any group entity, all decisions involving the ult network any group entity will made the relevant group entity its sole and absolute discretion, including, but not limited to, decisions discontinue the services and/or ecosystem the ult network, create and sell more ult for use the ecosystem the ult network, sell liquidate any group entity. these decisions could adversely affect the ult network and ult you hold. loss talent the development the ult network depends the continued cooperation the existing technical team and expert consultants, who are highly knowledgeable and experienced their respective sectors. the loss any member may adversely affect the ult network its future development. further, stability and cohesion within the team critical the overall development the ult network. there the possibility that conflict within the team and/or departure core personnel may occur, resulting negative influence the project the future. failure develop there the risk that the development the ult network will not executed implemented planned, ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper for variety reasons, including without limitation the event decline the prices any digital asset, virtual currency ult, unforeseen technical difficulties, and shortage development funds for activities. risks involving cloud storage the ult network may provide decentralised cloud storage service individual and institutional clients, including users and applications, the ult network (and services thereon) are susceptible number risks related the storage data the cloud. the ult network (and services thereon) may involve the storage large amounts sensitive and/or proprietary information, which may compromised the event cyberattack other malicious activity. similarly, the ult network and/or services thereon may interrupted and files may become temporarily unavailable the event such attack malicious activity. because users can use variety hardware and software that may interface with the ult network, there the risk that the ult network and/or services thereon may become unavailable interrupted based failure interoperability inability integrate these third-party systems and devices that the group entities not control. the risk that the ult network and/or services thereon may face increasing interruptions and the ecosystem the ult network may face additional security vulnerabilities could adversely affect the ult network and ecosystem thereon, and therefore the future utility any ult that you hold. forking the ult network community project and certain elements are open-sourced. the seller (nor any group entity) does not and cannot monopolise the development, marketing, operation otherwise the ult network. any entity may independently develop patch upgrade the source code the ult network blockchain without prior authorisation any other party. the acceptance these patches upgrades sufficient (not necessarily overwhelming) percentage ult holders could result "fork" the blockchain, and consequently two diverging networks will emerge and remain. each branch the blockchain arising from the fork will have its own native cryptographic tokens accordingly there will two different versions ult respectively residing the two divergent branches with almost identical technical features and functions. the community the ult network may split into two groups support the two branches respectively. further, theoretically possible for each branch the forked blockchain further forked unlimited number times. the temporary permanent existence forked blockchains could adversely affect the operation the ult network and blockchain and the ult which you hold, and may ruin the sustainability the ult network. other risks addition the aforementioned risks, there are other risks associated with your purchase, holding and usage ult, including those that the seller cannot anticipate. such risks may further materialise unanticipated variations combinations the aforementioned risks. know your client regulations and personal data you hereby acknowledge and accept that: the seller may required conduct customer identification, due diligence and anti-money laundering ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper due diligence all purchasers ult compliance with all applicable laws and legislations. may determine, our sole discretion, that necessary obtain certain information about you order comply with these laws and legislations. you agree provide such information promptly upon request, and you acknowledge that may refuse sell ult you until you provide such requested information and have determined that permissible sell you ult under applicable law regulation. may any point time request information and/or documentation establish that our identification records, well the information that form your profile, remain completely updated. this respect, reserve the right examine and check regular basis the validity and adequacy your identification data and information maintain. any time become aware that reliable adequate data and information are missing from your identity, reserve the right take all necessary actions collect the missing data and information (whether from you from third parties) update and complete your profile necessary. you fail refuse submit, within reasonable timeframe, the required data and identification information for the updating your identity and, consequence, are unable comply with any laws, legislations regulations directives relating customer identification requirements, the seller will not able sell ult and/or continue its relationship with you, and may required submit report suspicious transactions/activities the relevant authorities. personal data (and our affiliates) will collect, use, process and disclose your information and personal data (as defined the personal data protection act singapore) for providing our services and discharging our legal duties and responsibilities, administration, customer services, crime (including tax evasion) prevention and detection, anti-money laundering, due diligence and verification identity purposes (collectively, the purposes). may disclose your information our service providers, agents, relevant custodians similar third parties for these purposes. may keep your information for such period may determined (which shall shorter than any mandatory period prescribed law) contact you about the ult network. you hereby consent transferring your personal data our affiliates service providers for processing and recipients countries which not provide the same level data protection singapore necessary for the purposes. ii. you withdraw your consent any all use your personal data, depending the nature your request, this may limit the scope our services which are able provide you. please contact contact@ultiledger.io (marking your email for the attention "data protection officer"). will endeavour respond your query request within days, and that not possible, will inform you the time which will respond you. iii. you hereby warrant, represent and confirm and shall procure that with respect any personal data any individual (including, where applicable, your directors, partners, office holders, officers, employees, agents, shareholders and beneficial owners) (each, individual) disclosed connection with these terms, the service terms and policies and/or the ult token sale otherwise collected the course your relationship with any our affiliates: ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper each individual whom the personal data relates has, prior such disclosure collection, agreed and consented to, and permitted you its behalf consent to, such disclosure well the collection, processing, use and disclosure the individual's personal data for all purposes required connection with these terms and/or the ult token sale; that each individual has read and consented the collection, processing, use and disclosure the individual's personal data accordance with the purpose; and any consent given pursuant these terms relation each individual's personal data shall survive death, incapacity, bankruptcy insolvency that individual and the termination expiration these terms and the service terms and policies. iv. any individual should withdraw his/her consent any all use his/her personal data, then depending the nature the withdrawal request, may not position continue its relationship with you and/or sell ult, and shall entitled its rights under these terms and the service terms and policies (without prejudice our other rights and remedies law against you). taxes the price that you pay for ult exclusive all applicable taxes (including without limitation obligations pay value added, sales, use, offerings, withholding taxes, income similar taxes) (taxes). the onus for determining the taxes applicable your purchase, holding and/or usage ult lies solely with you. also your sole responsibility comply with all relevant tax reporting requirements arising out connection with your purchase, holding and/or usage ult. are not responsible for withholding, collecting, reporting, remitting any taxes arising from your purchase, holding and/or usage ult. cannot and not provide any tax advice and recommend that you seek appropriate professional advice this area required. representations and warranties purchasing (whether through intermediary otherwise), holding and/or using ult, you represent and warrant that: you have read and understand these terms, and you have all requisite power and authority execute and deliver these terms, participate the ult token sale, purchase, hold and/or use ult, and carry out and perform your obligations under these terms. you are individual, you are least years old and sufficient legal age and capacity purchase, hold and/or use ult. you are legal person, you are duly organised, validly existing and good standing under the laws your domicile and each jurisdiction where you conduct business where your assets are located. you are not purchasing, holding and/or using ult behalf any other entity person. the execution, delivery and performance these terms will not result any violation of, conflict with, constitute default under, with without the passage time the giving notice: (i) any provision your constitutional documents (if applicable), (ii) any provision any judgment, decree order, any agreement, obligation, duty commitment which you are party, which you are bound, which any its material assets are subject, (iii) any laws, regulations rules applicable you, ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper (iv) any foreign exchange regulatory restrictions applicable such purchase, holding and/or usage ult, (v) any governmental other consents that may need obtained. the execution and delivery of, and performance under, these terms require approval other action from any governmental authority person. you will and shall your own expense ensure compliance with all laws, regulatory requirements and restrictions applicable you (as the case may be). you have good and sufficient understanding business and financial matters, including good and sufficient understanding the functionality, usage, storage, transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics blockchain technology, blockchain-like technology, blockchain-based software systems well other similar technologies and systems, cryptographic tokens, and token storage mechanisms (such digital token wallets) understand these terms and appreciate the risks and implications purchasing, holding and/or usage ult. you have obtained sufficient information about ult make informed decision purchase, hold and/or use ult. the funds, including any fiat, digital currency, virtual currency cryptocurrency, used purchase ult are obtained through "mining" activities other lawful means, and are not derived from related any unlawful activities, including but not limited money laundering terrorist financing, and you shall not use ult finance, engage in, otherwise support any unlawful activities. the extent required applicable laws and regulations, you shall fully comply with all anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing requirements the jurisdiction. neither you (or any your subsidiaries, any director officer, any employee, agent, affiliate the case may be) nor any person having direct indirect beneficial interest you ult being purchased, held used you, any person for whom you are acting agent nominee connection with ult, the subject any sanctions similar lists administered enforced the financial action task force, financial crimes enforcement network, the department the treasury's office foreign assets control, the department state, the united nations security council, north atlantic treaty organization, the european union, her majesty's treasury, the hong kong monetary authority the monetary authority singapore (collectively, sanctions) located, organised, citizen resident country territory that is, whose government is, the subject sanctions. you are not (i) citizen, national, resident (tax otherwise), domiciliary green card holder geographic area country which (a) access participation the ult token sale the ult network prohibited applicable law, decree, regulation, treaty, administrative act (b) where likely that the sale ult would construed the sale security (howsoever named) investment product ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper (including without limitation the united states america, canada, new zealand, people's republic china (the restricted countries (ii) citizen resident of, located in, geographic area that subject sanctions (iii) individual, individual employed associated with entity, identified any sanctions list (including without limitation the u.s. department commerce's denied persons entity list, the u.s. department treasury's specially designated nationals blocked persons lists, the u.s. department state's debarred parties list), (iv) citizen resident of, located in, geographic area country designated "high-risk and other monitored jurisdictions" (or such other similar classification) the financial action task force, (v) politically exposed person (defined current former senior official the executive, legislative, administrative, military, judicial branch government (elected not), senior official major political party, senior executive government owned commercial enterprise, and/or being corporation, business other entity formed for the benefit any such individual, any individual publicly known (or actually known the relevant financial institution) close personal professional associate, immediate family member such individual, meaning spouse, parents, siblings, children, and spouse's parents siblings). the funds used the purchase ult will made only your name, from digital wallet not located country territory that has been designated "non-cooperative country territory" the financial action task force any similar legislation. you are purchasing, holding and/or using ult participate the ult network, well support the advancement, promotion, research, design and development of, and advocacy for blockchain technology and networks which are able handle large scale tps capacity, expand the usability blockchain technology without sacrificing its core features security and decentralisation, achieve network which free congestion and affordable for all usage scenarios that demand speed and volume, well potentially receiving services the ult network (when the same completed and deployed). you are not purchasing, holding using ult for any other uses purposes, including, but not limited to, any investment, speculative other financial purposes. you shall not sell transfer any ult prior procuring the purchaser's transferee's agreement these terms. you acknowledge that the funds paid for the purchase ult will held (or our affiliate) after the token sale, and you will have economic legal right over beneficial interest these contributions the assets that entity after the token sale. you hereby acknowledge that the seller has entered into these terms reliance upon your representations and warranties being true, accurate, complete and non-misleading. the seller does not and does not purport make, and hereby disclaims, all representations, warranties undertaking you relation the sale ult otherwise. prospective purchasers ult should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties (including financial and legal risks and uncertainties) associated with the ult token sale, the seller, and any relevant group entity. ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper intellectual property the seller (or the relevant group entity, the case may be) retains all right, title and interest all that entity's intellectual property, including, without limitation, ideas, concepts, discoveries, processes, code, compositions, formulae, methods, techniques, information, data, patents, models, rights inventions, copyright and neighbouring and related rights, moral rights, trademarks and service marks, business names and domain names, rights get-up and trade dress, goodwill and the right sue for passing off unfair competition, rights designs, rights computer software, database rights, rights use, and protect the confidentiality of, confidential information (including know-how and trade secrets), and all other intellectual property rights, each case whether patentable, copyrightable protectable trademark, registered unregistered, and including all applications and rights apply for and granted, renewals extensions of, and rights claim priority from, such rights and all similar equivalent rights forms protection which subsist will subsist now the future any part the world. you may not use any the seller's (or the relevant group entity's) intellectual property for any reason whatsoever. indemnity the fullest extent permitted applicable law, you will indemnify, defend and hold harmless the seller, each group entity, and their respective past, present and future employees, officers, directors, contractors, consultants, equity holders, suppliers, vendors, service providers, related companies, affiliates, agents, representatives, predecessors, successors and assigns (the indemnified parties) from and against all claims, demands, actions, damages, losses, costs and expenses (including legal fees indemnity basis) arising from relating to: your purchase (whether through intermediary otherwise), holding usage ult; your responsibilities obligations under these terms; your violation these terms; your violation any rights any other person entity; your subsequent sale ult any individuals entities. release the fullest extent permitted applicable law, you release the seller and the other indemnified parties from responsibility, liability, claims, demands and/or damages (actual and consequential) every kind and nature, known and unknown (including, but not limited to, claims negligence), arising out related disputes between users and the acts omissions third parties. you expressly waive any rights you may have under any statute common law principles that would otherwise limit the coverage this release include only those claims which you may know suspect exist your favour the time agreeing this release. governing law and dispute resolution these terms will governed and construed and enforced accordance with the laws singapore, ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper without regard conflict law rules principles (whether singapore any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application the laws any other jurisdiction. any dispute arising out connection with these terms (including without limitation the enforceability this arbitration clause, any question regarding existence, validity termination) shall referred and finally resolved arbitration administered the singapore international arbitration centre (siac) accordance with the arbitration rules the singapore international arbitration centre (siac rules) for the time being force, which rules are deemed incorporated reference this arbitration clause. the seat the arbitration shall singapore. the tribunal shall consist arbitrator. the language the arbitration shall english. partial invalidity if, any time, any provision these terms becomes illegal, invalid unenforceable any respect under any law any jurisdiction, neither the legality, validity enforceability the remaining provisions nor the legality, validity enforceability such provision under the law any other jurisdiction will any way affected impaired. termination the agreement set out these terms will terminate upon the completion all sales ult. the seller reserves the right terminate the agreement set out these terms, its sole discretion, the event breach you these terms. upon termination these terms: all your rights under these terms immediately terminate; you are not entitled any refund any amount paid whatsoever, save the case where these terms are terminated the seller without any breach you these terms; and clauses and will continue apply accordance with their terms. entire agreement these terms, including the documents and material incorporated reference, constitute the entire agreement between you and the seller and supersedes all prior contemporaneous agreements and understandings (including without limitation the whitepaper any other marketing material), both written and oral, between you and the seller with respect the subject matters. may make changes these terms from time time reasonably required comply with applicable law regulation. make changes, will soon practicable post the amended terms the website. the amended terms will effective immediately. your responsibility regularly check the website for any such amendments. assignment you shall under circumstances entitled assign novate your rights and obligations under these terms (including without limitation the right claim any ult purchased). may assign novate our rights and obligations under these terms without your consent, and you agree to, your own expense, take whatever action execute any document which the seller may require for the purpose effecting any such ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper assignment novation the seller. remedies and waivers failure exercise, nor any delay exercising, our part, any right remedy under these terms documents shall operate waiver, any such right remedy constitute election affirm these terms. election affirm these terms our part shall effective unless writing. single partial exercise any right remedy prevents any further other exercise the exercise any other right remedy. the rights and remedies provided these terms are cumulative and not exclusive any rights remedies provided law. disclaimers you expressly acknowledge, understand and agree that you are purchasing (whether through intermediary otherwise), holding and/or using ult your sole risk and discretion, and that ult provided, used and purchased "as is" and "as available" basis without any representations, warranties, promises guarantees whatsoever any kind the seller any group entity. prior making any decision purchase (whether through intermediary otherwise), hold and/or use ult, you shall conduct your own due diligence and rely only your own examination and investigation thereof. changes relevant laws and regulations any jurisdictions which are operating shall constitute force majeure and will not responsible for any result arose out such changes relevant laws and regulations. not make and expressly disclaims all representations and warranties, express, implied statutory; and with respect ult, specifically does not represent and warrant and expressly disclaims any representation warranty, express, implied statutory, including without limitation, any representations warranties title, non-infringement, merchantability, usage, suitability fitness for any particular purpose, the workmanship technical coding thereof, the absence any defects therein, whether latent patent. addition, cannot and not represent warrant that ult the delivery mechanism for ult are free viruses other harmful components. assume that you have already read these terms, especially the risks and disclaimer stated herein and hereunder, and you shall automatically regarded agree take all risks (including but not limited the risks stated herein) relation purchasing (whether through intermediary otherwise), holding and/or using ult. seller not liable ult not being structured sold securities any other form investment product. accordingly, none the information presented these terms intended form the basis for any investment decision, and specific recommendations are intended. save the case fraud gross negligence, the seller expressly disclaims any and all responsibility for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential exemplary loss damage any kind whatsoever arising directly indirectly (including without limitation, those ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper relating loss revenue, income profits, loss use data, damages for business interruption) connection with: reliance any information contained these terms; any error, omission inaccuracy any such information; any action resulting from such information; the sale usage ult. event will the aggregate liability the seller and the indemnified parties (jointly), whether contract, warranty, tort, other theory, arising out relating these terms the usage inability use ult, exceed the amount you pay for ult. claims the seller shall not liable any way any event respect any claim under these terms such claim was not made within the -month period commencing from the date that you receive ult (the claim period). any claim which has been made before the expiration the claim period shall, has not been previously satisfied full, settled withdrawn, deemed have been withdrawn and shall become fully barred and unenforceable the expiry the period six months commencing from the date which such claim was made, unless proceedings respect thereof shall have been commenced against the seller and for this purpose proceedings shall not deemed have been commenced unless they shall have been issued and served upon the seller. for the avoidance doubt, nothing these terms shall limit your obligation (at law otherwise) mitigate your loss respect any claim under these terms, and you shall not entitled recover damages respect any claim (as the case may be) if, and the extent that, you have already recovered damages respect the same fact subject matter. partnership purchasing (whether through intermediary otherwise), holding and/or using ult does not create any form partnership, joint venture any other similar relationship between you and us. rights third parties except otherwise provided herein, these terms are intended solely for the benefit you and and are not intended confer third-party beneficiary rights upon any other person entity. person who not party under these terms has right under the contracts (rights third parties) act, chapter singapore enforce enjoy the benefit any term these terms. notwithstanding the foregoing, any group entity shall entitled enforce enjoy the benefit any term these terms. language you acknowledge that, solely for convenience, these terms may translated into language other than english, and that copy the english language version these terms has been provided you (which have read and understand). the event conflict ambiguity between the english language version and translated versions these terms, the english language version shall prevail. ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper severability any provision part-provision these terms becomes invalid, illegal unenforceable any respect under any law any jurisdiction, shall deemed modified the minimum extent necessary make valid, legal and enforceable. such modification not possible, the relevant provision partprovision shall deemed deleted. any modification deletion provision part-provision pursuant this clause shall not affect impair the validity and enforceability the rest these terms, nor the validity and enforceability such provision part-provision under the law any other jurisdiction. notices you agree and acknowledge that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that provide you, including these terms, will provided electronic form. these terms have been entered into for and behalf the seller. you have any questions regarding these terms, please contact contact@ultiledger.io. ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper ultiledger.io economic eco whitepaper www.ultiledger.io the next generation global self-financing blockchain protocol