unibright the unified framework for blockchain based business integration stefan schmidt stefan@unibright.io thomas schmidt moritz gomm fabian schlarb marten jung marten@unibright.io ingo sterzinger klaus tschirschke daniel benkenstein gunter schmidt tapio reisinger bastian emig -april- abstract the purpose unibright leverage the promises blockchain technology for all those driving business. unibright unified framework for blockchain-based business integration. unibright establishes template based, visual definition business integration workflows and serves with automatic smart contract generation. the unibright framework wants enable cross-blockchain and cross-system connections and provides all system components support blockchain-based business integration process. this whitepaper points out the benefits using blockchain technology the field business integration, and what unsolved issues can addressed thereby. shows why unifying framework like unibright mandatory turn all these benefits account and evolves the details the unibright concept. contents what unibright? the unibright view the blockchain the promises blockchain technology the potential blockchain technology the unibright mission business integration what business integration? why and how should blockchain technology used for business conclusion integration? the unibright concept the unibright software architecture unibright application level the unibright contract interface, templates, use cases and smart contracts the unibright smart contract lifecycle defining unibright conformant business workflows generating, deploying and maintaining unibright conformant smart contracts exploring and querying unibright conformant smart contracts connecting and integrating unibright conformant smart contracts orchestrating unibright workflows cross blockchain business integration the unibright ecosystem implementation details examples for blockchain based business integration with the unibright framework get quotation for material challenge unibright solution envisaged benefits using the unibright framework product pass approval challenge unibright solution envisaged benefits using the unibright framework shipping process monitoring challenge unibright solution envisaged benefits using the unibright framework tracking resources during production process challenge unibright solution envisaged benefits using the unibright framework invoice release aircraft production history new hire insurance claim processing milestone based project payment ...and many more outlook token sale general token sale bonuses token distribution token sale proceeds distribution token compliance and regulation knowledge required risks important disclaimer references what unibright? the unibright view the blockchain the blockchain concept can assessed from different point views. important understand the view the unibright team the blockchain understand the framework and the constructive applications unibright offers and answer the question: "what unibright?" understand the blockchain data structure that technically implemented decentralized peer-to-peer network and offers the possibility define and hold both data and functions single blocks, the smart contracts. some features promised blockchain technology, like built-in security and information completeness, predestine for use the business integration domain. the promises blockchain technology focus the needs and demands secure and efficient business integration. the challenges business integration exist independently from implementation strategy. business integration already happening and there will cases, where existing technologies completely suffice meet the demands, matter these technologies are based upon technical knowledge the last decade even the last millennium. nevertheless, there has been demand and reason for moving on, say, from there widely agreed definition blockchain. its description still fuzzy due the rapid change research, knowledge and development that domain. colloquially, blockchain widely used equivalent bitcoin, which certainly wrong understanding product like dropbox equivalent cloud. some definitions, blockchain characterized "different kind database", view which too broad and technical our opinion. our understanding, blockchain[] first and foremost means data structure, linked list. every item, block inseparably connected its predecessor the use cryptographic methods, which define hash functions the content the predecessor block and verify the result the following block. this chain constantly growing blocks with transactions are added with new set recordings linear, chronological order. technically, blockchain replicated structure, where each node peer-to-peer network holds copy the blockchain. each node performs the transactions included block, thus establishing decentralized consensus. the blockchain secure design and has complete information about the addresses and their content right from the genesis block the most recently completed block. data wise, block can consist variables primitive datatypes (the "state") and functions which read manipulate the current state. our understanding, smart contracts[] (also called self-executing contracts, blockchain contracts, cryptocontracts) are simply computer programs that act agreements where the terms the agreement can pre-programmed with the ability self-execute. smart contracts reside inside blockchain and enable trusted transactions and agreements carried out among anonymous parties without the need for central authority enforcement mechanism. they render transactions transparent, traceable and irreversible. direct "information-by file exchange" strategy, over proprietary middleware solution exchanging self-defined structured data cloud solution building upon industry conformant exchange formats. understand the blockchain next step this evolution solve certain problems and meet certain doubts the area middleware- and cloud-based business integration. some the commonly agreed advantages and promises blockchain technology encompass: disintermediation information exchange between two parties without the intermediation through third party, eliminating counterparty risk. durability, reliability, longevity due the decentralized structure, blockchain does not have central point failure, hence being better able withstand malicious attacks. transparency changes public blockchains are publicly viewable all participating nodes. immutability transactions cannot altered deleted due the cryptographic link structure all blocks the chain. lower transaction costs eliminating third party intermediaries and overhead costs for exchanging assets, blockchains have the potential greatly reduce transaction fees. sap, one the world leading erp-software vendors, sums the blockchain trend follows[]: "every business based transactions. but these transactions are often routed through third-party intermediaries like banks, lawyers, and brokers which can make processing time-consuming and expensive. blockchain technology has the potential reduce the role middlemen, dramatically speeding multi-participant transactions and lowering costs, while ensuring all parties are protected. people, businesses, machines, and algorithms would free transact and communicate with one another frictionless way. this the promise blockchain." the potential blockchain technology aside from the hype factor, that accompanies every new technology, the blockchain technology already yielded its proof concept and its real-life relevance with the bitcoin[] implementation and the ethereum[] environment, among others. without regard the use the blockchain technology tool for business integration, experts agree the potential blockchains regarding growth and distribution (see fig. grandviewresearch.com[] predicts: "the global blockchain technology market size was valued usd million and predicted gain momentum over the forecast period. the blockchain technology one the most promising upcoming technological trends the information technology domain." figure global blockchain technology market type, (usd million)[] with every new technology, will take time establish the blockchain concept "the mainstream", just took powerful and working tools like dropbox solidify real understanding the concept cloud the majority non-expert users. arvind krishna, director research ibm, states[] "[] those companies will around when the blockchain goes mainstream that create software that makes easy for businesses and consumers actually implement all blockchains possibilities." adds example likening the blockchain technology the early days email: "[] even though email technology had been around for years, still took the likes aol package way that got lots people use it." believe that the demand for smart contracts will continue grow automated interactions between systems, applications and digital individuals becoming more and more widespread our society. the experience arising technologies the past and the conviction that blockchain technology will find its way into the mainstream leads our unibright mission. the unibright mission our mission provide the first unified framework for blockchain-based business integration. expect blockchain technology become pervasive and therefore want make the use blockchain technology more feasible and profitable for those driving real business and not "only" exchanging crypto currencies. are confident well positioned become the first provider for blockchain based business integration. strive for bringing the promises blockchain technology usage the next level for business professionals. are aware and are gaining motivation out the fact that complex enterprise system landscapes already exist. some these will not touched for years, paying tribute the principle "never changing running system". not see this defect quite the contrary: essential motivation those standing for unibright offer high-level concept and practical tools integrate existing processes and it-landscapes into the promising ecosystems blockchains. address existing teams with experts different domains and want make easier for those teams use the blockchain one part their versatile solutions. during the analysis stage the unibright ecosystem turned out that have operate two levels modelling achieve blockchain based business integration software architectural level and end user driven application level. both levels are presented more detail the following sections. what unibright? unibright unified framework for blockchainbased business integration and set applications leveraging this framework. business integration what business integration? our understanding, business integration[] the use system architectural principals, software architecture and implementation integrate set enterprise computer applications. means the integration, automation and optimisation based business processes within and beyond the walls company's organisation. the purpose business integration may data integration, abstraction from specific vendors systems ensure independence and integrity, providing common front-ends and standardized queries available data. demarcation related terms, understand business integration one motivation define business processes and implement business workflows top them.[] commonly agreed challenges business integration can named: message exchange within business workflow, different parties business process will need exchange messages. message formats, the reasons triggering message and actions following the message have defined. notifications when message sent, the sender wants make sure the message arrived. the recipient may need inform the sender missing information. the notification can part the message exchange itself, thus leading potential recursive problems. state management understand business process collection activities that produce specific service product, hence achieve particular goal business context. multiple parties may involved the business process. business process can described informal manner (e.g. detailed written concept) and/or technically formalized (e.g. flowchart). our understanding, the business process defines the requirements that have met achieve the defined goal, but not necessarily the technical steps which address these requirements. our understanding, business workflow the logical definition business process. the goal achieved (as described the business process) transformed into set activities, moving and/or transforming information material from one activity party another. activities within workflow are structured and arranged sequences, which may also feature parallel activities. the workflow defines deterministic path through the graphoriented activity sequence, including conditions, iterations and the integration external data, which may turn provided from another workflow. business workflow technically describable, storable and verifiable set rules, definitions and constraints. parties have keep track already sent messages and notifications, leading the necessity resending messages, update information cancellation processing. control flow workflows have enabled react different parameters changing, defining control flow with elements like decisions, choices, loops exceptions. changing requirements existing workflows will have updated. parties have added, system components may changed and changes established control flows may introduced. data integrity different message formats different parties will need mappings ensure content integrity. technical integrity different channels, protocols and messages have orchestrated keep all parties connected the business integration process. security has assured that the desired partner reached, data holding information needs encryption and validation. cost estimate necessary keep track resources (e.g. time and money spent) evaluate the cost-benefit ratio. why and how should blockchain technology used for business integration? during the past decades, several technical approaches business integration have been established. our understanding, the blockchain technology should seen addon existing middleware cloud based architectures, which have already using middleware, central instance, also called the broker, resides the centre the network, and provides all message transformation, routing, and any other functionality. all communication between applications must flow through this hub, allowing the broker maintain data concurrency for the network well enabling new connections added. this approach delivers central configuration repository and enables the applications communicate asynchronously, without awaiting response from the recipient. unfavourable, the same time this central instance hast considered single point failure. using cloud based software solution for business integration means dividing classical replaced outworn point-to-point architectures. [], looking back the challenges business integration presented before, compare these different approaches with regard their ability meet these challenges (fig. data integrity changing requirements technical integrity point-to-point middleware cloud blockchain unibright state managements security figure meeting challenges business integration the blockchain concept has clear advantages some areas business integration. still most probably will only one part complete business integration scenario, having included existing landscapes, whatever state they are. blockchain infrastructure consists independent peer-to-peer network without central instance. part this infrastructure and integrate with it, every party has part the blockchain, meaning running interacting with blockchain node (fig. middleware solution into smaller units, that can run services distributed server landscape ("the cloud") connected over the internet. these units may provide storage services like databases, computing, message queuing, caching and many more. well-designed cloud based software solution are easily scalable and reproducible, ensure fast adjustment when comes peak loads expanding the services different areas the world. the flexibility, scalability and cost-efficiency promised cloud computing has seen rapid acceptance within many stakeholders the world business integration. the dependency ("lock-in") the cloud providing instance company enormous, terms availability well terms security and trustfulness about possible misuse data and transactions. point-to-point model, specific connector implemented for each pair applications systems that have communicate. this connector handles data transformation, integration, and any other messaging related services that take place between the specific pair components connecting. when additional components are added the infrastructure, the number point-to-point connections required (and maintained) create complete integration architecture increases exponentially. existing point-to-point connections existing middleware architecture existing cloud architecture blockchain figure including the blockchain existing landscapes this setup, the blockchain monitored all the time for new events transactions. use the blockchain part business integration system, the current information state the blockchain can harmonised with information from non-blockchain systems like erp- and legacy-systems. from technical point view, this means existing it-infrastructure connected local blockchain nodes interact with them, for example calling functions smart contracts watching events raised and transactions performed smart contracts. conclusion benefit from the promises the blockchain offers, need concept that allows integrate specific blockchain technologies into existing it- and business integration landscapes, which leads the unibright concept. the unibright concept the unibright software architecture the blockchain world still highly vibrant market, emitting numerous new cryptocurrencies even new blockchains short time. despite all the promising advantages blockchain, there are some intriguing problems that exist with creating coding smart contracts today. generally speaking, programming smart contracts complex and error prone and uses different approach compared existing programming for business software. today, creating smart contracts for blockchain platform requires the usage specific programming language like solidity for ethereum. for companies wanting use multiple blockchains this involves different programming languages which all come with their own requirements and shortcomings. furthermore, extending and managing smart contract expensive and requires specialist knowledge, user friendly visually oriented tools are lacking the field smart contract development today. ensure reliable and enduring business integration based blockchain technology, need superordinate concept abstracting from specific blockchain implementations. this ensures adaptability and indispensable level abstraction. also reduces dependency single blockchains, taking into account that there will new blockchain implementations, bringing their own smart contract syntax with them. terms business process modelling these superordinate concepts already exist. not reinvent any wheel here, but adapt parts those concepts for using them blockchain related environment: describe business processes workflows, presented previous chapters. when comes smart contracts, need concept enabling not only abstract from certain platform specific implementation, but also from the type smart contract smart contracts differ with regard their function role the distributed application: smart contract can operate data storage, dispatcher, state machine, factory generating new smart contracts and many more. our vision, smart contract can executed different blockchain implementations and can integrated different types enterprise system landscapes. although our current implementations work the ethereum blockchain, our concept enables blockchain agnostic. combine these different levels abstraction, introduce combination contract interfaces, use case related templates and generation multiinherited smart contracts and smart adapters. the basic underlying concept the unibright contract interface, which presented more detail later. unibright application level defined set system components supporting all phases business integration process. this helps abstract from the different roles business process, address different levels (expert) knowledge and attend different execution domains: business integration workflows are designed locally with the unibright business workflow designer. the automatically generated code deployed, maintained and updated smart contracts into specific blockchain the unibright contract lifecycle manager. existing unibright conformant smart contracts are monitored and queried the unibright explorer, using automatically generated smart query sets. business processes, and erp-systems the enterprise domain well other blockchains are integrated the unibright connector. smart adapters using automatically generated configurations enable standardized connections via common technologies. the included mapping engine transfers interface defined objects into domain specific objects for further processing. these applications focus business process and workflow specialists, software architects, blockchain developers and domain specialists equal measure, assuring that the particular expert knowledge can used without requiring expert knowledge all the other domains. the unibright contract interface, templates, use cases and smart contracts the central part the unibright ecosystem will the unibright contract interface (uci): the uci defines the main structure, state variables, mappings and methods which every generated smart contract automatically implements, thus marking smart contract unibright conformant. the irremovable guarantee recognizing smart contracts part the unibright ecosystem, ensuring that unibright conformant smart contracts can found, called, maintained and connected. content-wise, the uci will offer the fundament integrate smart contracts into different blockchains and system landscapes. operators the unibright ecosystem will able visually define workflows and choose from set templates. templates pre-define typical business workflows high level abstraction. choosing certain template, the operator will automatically given suitable subset all available workflow tool set items and initial example workflow which can customized the needs special use case. each template supposed bring its own purpose-built interface, which the generated smart contract will implement addition the basic unibright contract interface (fig. buiness case templates example workflow template interface adjusted toolset unibright contract interface implements implements customized workflow generated code smart contract figure inheritation hierarchy technically, smart contracts are small computer programs, coded blockchain specific high-level programming language. these languages will differ their syntax, but will share common paradigms structural and object oriented programming. some these paradigms will assumed our concept work, like the existence primitive datatypes like strings, integers bools, the possibility unite set primitive datatypes some kind structure (structs) and define functions working these datatypes and optionally returning values. the set templates will constantly enhanced serve other use cases and different industries. the unibright smart contract lifecycle smart contracts are enclosed code-blocks, stored and executed blockchain. unibright will offer standardized, abstract views and control mechanisms top any specific blockchain technology create set automatically generated smart contracts for each specific business workflow. all unibright conformant smart contracts will implement the unibright contract interface, which ensures unibright business workflow designer [define] logical access every layer (fig. business objects workflow toolset items control flow templates locally stored workflow definitions visually defining business workflows unibright contract lifecycle manager [maintain] [deploy] generating smart contract platform specific smart contracts implementing uci deploying into blockchain unibright connector [integrate] unibright explorer [monitor] updating executing monitoring queries blockchain content queries locally stored smart query sets views connecting smart contracts enterprise systems smart adapters and mappings figure the unibright smart contract lifecycle defining unibright conformant business workflows business workflows are based use case specific templates, which include adaptable basic workflow and corresponding workflow tool set items. selecting the appropriate template for business use case the user will able build his specific needs top the already existing base logic coming from the template. will able this visually, with the unibright business workflow designer (fig. programming skills are needed. the resulting workflow definition blockchain independent, saved locally and can compiled different blockchain platforms. figure the unibright business workflow designer generating, deploying and maintaining unibright conformant smart contracts each template will bring its own interface defining basic attributes and functions implemented blockchain specific smart contract. for example, some workflow templates may include the interface "delegable" which prepares the routing function calls other smart contract instances. the unibright contract lifecycle manager (fig. will the tool generate, deploy and maintain unibright conformant smart contracts. after having defined specific workflow based one more unibright templates, the user will able compile the workflow definition blockchain specific implementation. the time writing the first blockchain environment supported ethereum; thus the compilation leads solidity code. after its creation, the smart contract will deployed its destined blockchain. moreover, update adaption the deployed code possible. referring the example above, smart contracts implementing the unibright "delegableinterface" can marked outdated and replaced with new version. existing smart contracts can also paused terminated needed. figure the unibright contract lifecycle manager exploring and querying unibright conformant smart contracts those smart contracts being published "real world"-blockchain will queried and monitored blockchain independent manner with the unibright explorer (fig. the user will able see all data and transaction flow all their deployed, unibright conformant smart contracts one place. reoccurring queries, composing information from different smart contracts will saved locally query sets. queries might assembled views and also contain conditions. example for such specific query the context shipping process monitoring could "show all containers registered hong kong within the last month with reported temperature more than degree celsius". first set smart queries automatically generated based the use case related template used for the integration workflow. figure the unibright explorer connecting and integrating unibright conformant smart contracts the unibright connector aims connect existing it-landscapes and separated it-systems the blockchain world. smart adapters encapsulate communication technologies different target platforms (erp systems other blockchains) via different channels (rfc, rest, soap, webservices [], ...). their initial configuration will automatically generated based the systems designed the basic workflow. off-chain systems, like sap erp sap pi, can connected part blockchain based business integration. for example, programs residing sap-system will able call functions unibright conformant smart contracts, using the standardized communication channels offered the suitable smart adapter (fig. oracle erp call function call function postquote() call function getquote() postquote() smart adapters webservice ftp unibright connector unibright connector web.js ... polling quote event local ethereum node call function geth parity blockchaindomain getquote() local blockchain node blockchain specific access ethereum mainnet call function createorder() all data and communication local trusted network enterprise domain sap erp blockchain figure the unibright connector architecture the unibright connector also enables the subscription events raised unibright conformant smart contracts specific blockchain. smart contract can trigger actions being polled the connector which forwards these actions sap erp oracle erp call function call function postquote() call function getquote() postquote() smart adapters webservice ftp unibright connector unibright connector web.js quote event local ethereum node call function geth parity getquote() blockchaindomain ... polling local blockchain node blockchain specific access ethereum mainnet call function createorder() blockchain figure process sequence viewed from the unibright connector all data and communication local trusted network enterprise domain all subscribed receivers (fig. the unibright connector contains xml based, configurable mapping engine ensure smart contract data applicable it-system specific objects. the unibright contract lifecycle manager well the unibright explorer use the unibright connector connect the relevant blockchain. orchestrating unibright workflows cross blockchain business integration explained above, visually defined workflows will automatically rendered into platform specific smart contracts. multiple workflows might orchestrated complete business integration scenario automatically rendered smart adapter configurations. this will enable integration scenarios with more than one blockchain involved (fig. public blockchain erp system workflow private blockchain erp specific processing start workflow erp specific processing two-way connector connector erp specific processing one-way one-way erp specific processing iii end connector connector connector solidity smartcontract [ethereum] chaincode (go/java) smartcontract [hyperledger fabric] smart adapter configurations smart adapter configuration figure orchestrating workflows for example, global player demands set private blockchain non-trustful environment. the smart contract implementing the (partial) business workflow defined for this area can connected the company's erp system. this system may connected another (public) blockchain, holding another unibright smart contract. both smart contracts are generated automatically out visually defined workflows, even they address completely different blockchain implementations. the smart adapters the unibright connector are meant ensure smooth integration. their configuration can generated automatically defining the system boundaries and involved systems the respective workflows. want the unibright software architecture also allow automatically render workflows into platform specific, non-blockchain code, e.g. sap specific workflow configuration (fig. this will subject further research and development. public blockchain erp system workflow private blockchain workflow workflow start connector connector end connector connector connector solidity smartcontract [ethereum] connector custom code [erp specific] smart adapter configuration chaincode (go/java) smartcontract [hyperledger fabric] smart adapter configuration figure generating non-blockchain code the unibright ecosystem striving the first framework provider for unified blockchain based business integration, the unibright ecosystem will bundle all components needed empower the business integration lifecycle. use case related business objects, conditions and actions are orchestrated into template based workflows with the unibright business workflow designer. template holds template specific interface, which implemented smart contract addition the unibright contract interface (uci), and then deployed into and maintained the blockchain the unibright contract lifecycle manager. all smart queries and monitoring tasks the smart contracts (by unibright explorer are working against the interfaces, abstracting from the blockchain domain specific implementation. smart contracts can interact directly with specific blockchain, interact with enterprise systems and other blockchains via the unibright connector. the smart adapters (included the unibright connector) encapsulate communication channels suitable for specific systems that have integrated. the mapping engine (included the unibright connector) transfers interface defined objects into domain specific objects for further processing. unibright system component templates private domain local unibright object business objects workflow toolset items unibright contract interface (uci) workflow designer control flow unibright contract interface smart contract implementing uci platform specific uci implementation template related interface query sets contract lifecycle manager smart contract explorer smart contract uci connector uci java object enterprise domain connector smart adapter legacy erpsystem mapping engine sap object .net object figure the unibright ecosystem uci smart contract blockchain blockchain blockchain domain uci smart contract implementation details the implementation all unibright components follows the central concepts blockchain technology offers. disintermediation, security and transparency are foundations all components. all data and transaction flow during design-time and runtime unibright conformant smart contracts will stay the respective user domain. the unibright contract lifecycle manager and the unibright explorer will interact with the local node maintain smart contracts query contracts via the unibright connector. the connector supposed enable interaction with unibright conformant smart contracts interacting with the local blockchain nodes residing the respective company's domain (fig. interacting only with local nodes, use the communication pattern that most the applications interacting with blockchain use, like wallets mining software. connector connector business workflow designer contract lifecycle manager erp system company explorer company erp system blockchain connector blockchain connector connector erp system company erp system company figure business integration with unibright system components for company leveraging the unibright framework there trust needed for third party. the company can keep total control all the information and data used. currently the unibright system components are focusing the ethereum environment, using the web.js library for communicating with the local blockchain node. other blockchain technologies will evaluated and added the unibright framework they gain market relevance. examples for blockchain based business integration with the unibright framework this section illustrates some examples real-world business integration scenarios which could benefit from the outstanding advantages blockchain technology and the unibright framework. envisage that all use cases can implemented setting unibright workflow templates. the designed workflows result automatically rendered unibright conformant smart contracts for various blockchains which then can connected off-chain landscapes. get quotation for material (request for quotation-template) challenge purchaser needs reorder certain material. the requirement determined the purchasers backend erp-system. unibright solution unibright conformant smart contract will trigger potential suppliers get quotation the required material, providing additional information like the requested quantity, desired delivery date and proposed prime cost. potential suppliers will able decide the offer direct interaction between unibright conformant smart contracts (e.g. neglecting all requests under certain volume) integrating off-chain backend system via the unibright connector (e.g. starting capacity planning workflows sap). envisaged benefits using the unibright framework the blockchain technology enables automatic interaction between different smart contracts without intermediation, secure and reproducible. the compatibility the unibright contract interface would allow these smart contracts connected enterprise systems. product pass approval (multi party approval -template) challenge jewellery company develops new necklaces which are about manufactured abroad, and then distributed the company-owned web shop. the approval process involves different departments and consists different steps. some these steps are dependent the fulfilment other steps, and some are accomplishable independently. unibright solution unibright conformant smart contracts interact setting states their respective approval. the current state the approval process accumulated central smart contract which holds the control flow and implicitly decides the final approval state. envisaged benefits using the unibright framework the current state the approval workflow implicitly represented the available blocks the blockchain. the blockchain acts state-machine: secure, reliable and deterministic. the unibright explorer can frequently used check the current state the approval process, showing the complete information flow all participating parties. shipping process monitoring (data collector -template) challenge internet things (iot)[] enabled plant, different types sensors trucks, machines and containers deliver information the current state shipping process. these pieces information have collected and displayed properly. unibright solution the different actors interact with unibright conformant smart contracts update the ongoing shipping process and show the respective states the involved entities. envisaged benefits using the unibright framework the blockchain acts immutable data keeper, secure and reliable. the unibright explorer can used supervise the ongoing process, improving the speed analysis and the quality tracking. tracking resources during production process (batch tracing-template and data collector -template) challenge manufacturing company the food industry wants enable backtracking all raw materials used final product, bottled lemonade. parts this production process are the mixing basic ingredients delivered different suppliers and identified electronically readable lot numbers. the final product bottled and sold various tray combinations resellers and restaurants. the mention unique identifier each sold tray combination the company wants able name all original lots the raw materials. unibright solution all goods receipts, their usage the production process and their merging into the final product are inserted into the blockchain unibright conformant smart contracts. envisaged benefits using the unibright framework locally storable query sets the unibright explorer enable the user find specific information about lot usage the production process. the blockchain both acting data keeper and state machine representing the current state production process. invoice release (multi party approval -template) once invoice with all its information entered into the unibright conformant smart contract, the contract analyses the invoice, decides which approvals are needed and interacts with other smart contracts request the needed approvals. aircraft production history (asset lifecycle-template) the unibright conformant smart contracts generated for this business case enable the user keep track ownership transferals, maintenance and repair history and logs special events like damages refurbishments the complex lifecycle aircraft production. for all parties getting touch with the final product (e.g. the airline using the aircraft offer specific flight) the safety and reliability the involved aircraft traceable trustworthy environment. new hire (multi party approval -template and project management-template) the unibright conformant smart contract gathers required information the applicant "background check") and decides upon pre-defined rules and additionally requested data applicant qualifies for personal interview. the smart contract can trigger notifications, request needed approvals and automatically send confirmations the applicants and the human resource department. insurance claim processing (claimprocessing-template) the unibright conformant smart contract performs error checking, initiates approval workflows and calculate pay-outs based the claim, the underlying policy and the event occurring. based this template the smart contract can even pay out automatically against the insurable event without the policyholder having make claim the insurer having administer the claim. milestone based project payment (milestone payment-template) the unibright conformant smart contract continuously checks defined milestone conditions for payments that should made. this enables all parties involved project agree upon payment plan based terms that are executed reliably the unibright conformant smart contract. ...and many more more business integration challenges could met deriving workflows from growing number unibright templates. updates will presented the unibright website and the corresponding blog. the shared underlying concept the unibright contract interface ensures maintainability and connectivity. outlook this document described the unibright framework for blockchain based business integration. all the components needed for the complete business integra tion lifecycle have been presented and are available for usage the ethereum blockchain. the unibright connector enables erp-systems, third-party legacy systems and custom build software part the unibright framework. the foundation laid constitutes complete ecosystem ready used for workflows using blockchain technology. regarding the implementation, have harden our technology guarantee the top quality level want offer. besides improving our existing components, will create new templates for use cases identify different industries. the medium term aim support other blockchain technologies besides ethereum, like stratis[], neo[], hyperledger fabric[], whatever will arise this vibrant technological environment. the next steps become the first and leading provider for blockchain based business integration are: quality assurance the existing components create templates for use cases requested and identified support other blockchain technologies besides ethereum develop new smart adapters token sale general the token generation event will create and distribute million unibright tokens. the unibright token token empowering the unibright framework: unibright token will the only payment option register unibright conformant smart contracts. only registered contracts can published, maintained and queried using the unibright framework. unibright token will the only way payment for our additional services, for example using the smart adapters provided the unibright connector integrate existing erp-systems the blockchain. plan start the token sale april utc cet) and will last for most weeks, ending may utc ending instantly when all tokens are sold. the token sale will managed ambisafe financial (ambisafe-financial.com), one the leading global blockchain services and initial coin offering solutions provider companies. ambisafe has track record more than successfully managed token sales with more than participants. symbol ubt type erc start date date token sale april utc cet) maximum supply million tokens sold public token sale million tokens (unsold tokens will burned) price ubt usd minimum cap (including all pre-sales) usd maximum cap (public token sale) usd accepted cryptocurrencies eth, btc, others via shapeshift.io minting/mining jurisdiction germany table key facts token sale bonuses first quarter tokens mio ubt): bonus second quarter tokens mio ubt): bonus remainder the tokens mio ubt minus bonus tokens): bonus promo/referral: every token sale participant will receive unique referral link. when sharing that link with other users, the participant will automatically get bonus transferred into his wallet from newly bought tokens using that referral link. token distribution the public token sale sold early purchasers the team (locked for months) cold storage liquidity reserve legal token sale expenses token sale proceeds distribution (at least) for platform development (up to) template generation for business use-cases for and marketing setting partnerships industry, bootstrapping pilot customers token compliance and regulation unibright working with outside legal counsel ensure compliance with relevant laws its home jurisdiction, germany, and internationally. our goal compliant possible within such regulatory environment. please note though that the national and international regulatory framework blockchain and distributed ledger technology general and related applications the process being clarified and might change. possible that the interpretation and application existing laws and regulations may amended adapted and could also subject legislative initiatives national and international level. clarification and changes the regulatory framework could adversely affect the unibright, its products and unibright tokens without having influence such developments. that said, the contents this document not constitute legal advice and encourage prospective purchasers with concerns consult with attorney. expect the regulatory environment evolve the cryptocurrency space matures. knowledge required the purchaser unibright tokens undertakes that she/he understands and has significant experience tokens, blockchain systems and services, and that she/he fully understands the risks associated with the token sale well the mechanism related the use tokens (incl. storage). unibright shall not responsible for any loss unibright tokens situations making impossible access unibright tokens, which may result from any actions omissions the user any person undertaking acquire unibright tokens well case hacker attacks any other events. risks acquiring unibright tokens and storing them involves various risks, particular the risk that unibright may not able launch its operations and provide the envisaged services. therefore, and prior acquiring unibright tokens any user should carefully consider the risks, costs and benefits acquiring unibright tokens the context the token sale and, necessary, obtain any independent advice this regard. any interested person who not the position accept understand the risks associated with purchase, holding and use unibright tokens indicated the terms conditions the token sale and further unknown and unforeseeable risks should not acquire unibright tokens. important disclaimer this white paper shall not and cannot considered invitation enter into investment. does not constitute relate any way nor should considered offering securities any jurisdiction. the white paper does not include nor contain any information indication that might considered recommendation that might used base any investment decision. this document does not constitute offer invitation sell shares, securities rights belonging unibright any related associated company. the unibright tokens are just utility token which can used only the unibright platform and not intended used investment. unibright not considered advisor any legal, tax financial matters. any information the white paper given for general information purpose only, and unibright does not provide any warranty the accuracy and completeness this information. given the lack crypto-token qualifications most countries, each buyer strongly advised carry out legal and tax analysis concerning the purchase and ownership unibright token according their nationality and place residence. this paper subject change. will amended from time time include further findings. any amended versions this paper will published our website; only the most recent version the whitepaper published the website the relevant whitepaper. references pilkington, blockchain technology: principles and applications. research handbook digital transformations ed., clack, bakshi, and braine, smart contract templates: foundations, design landscape and research directions. corr computing research repository arxiv, https://www.sap.com/trends/blockchain.html, sap, (accessed august nakamoto, bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system. buterin. ethereum: next-generation smart contract and decentralized application platform, http://grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/blockchain-technology market, grand view research, (accessed august http://fortune.com////blockchain-chasm-of-death bitcoin, ibm, (accessed august david, guy, and vernadat, "architectures for enterprise integration and interoperability: past, present and future," computers industry, vol. no. pp. a.-w. scheer and nuettgens, aris architecture and reference models for business process management. business process management ed., mentzas, halaris, and kavadias, modelling business processes with workflow systems: evaluation alternative approaches. international journal information management ed., emmerich, "software engineering and middleware: roadmap," proceedings the conference the future software engineering, yuri, ngo, strijkers, and laat, "defining inter-cloud architecture for interoperability and integration," cloud computing, zur muehlen, nickerson, and swenson, "developing web services choreography standards--the case rest soap," decision support systems, vol. no. atzori, blockchain-based architectures for the internet things: survey. https://stratisplatform.com, stratis blockchain, (accessed september https://neotracker.io, neo blockchain, (accessed september https://www.hyperledger.org/projects/fabric, hyperledger fabric, (accessed september