unification vehicle for united network distribution (und) hybrid public/private blockchain ecosystem built for enterprises version published february th, www.unification.com give context the problem being solved, one should understand that unification began "nd layer" protocol drawing from the core teams collective experience enterprise consulting and software development und was originally designed solely "data liquidity" protocol which would allow enterprises standardize/tokenize their data and place liquid format bought/sold/transferred over blockchain. what were building was not "sexy," rather was fulfilling very lucrative, yet possibly boring need for enterprises and the future data. the team spent better part year developing the codebase and engaging early enterprise outreach over the course hundreds conversations and then subsequent verification realities, became quite apparent that was not possible create functional "nd layer" when practical reality there was "st layer" that worked any way that would functional for any sort serious enterprise trying "work". "work" mean the daily mundane sometimes automated execution smart contracts that happen the thousands/tens thousands/millions and are not directly related any sort immediate monetary gain/loss money/tokens.early concept chains such eth and eos gained prominence and laid out vision how things "should be" but limitations were quickly exposed when became apparent that current technological constraints would not allow "all the smart contracts the world" validated any single blockchain. even with the best intentions, when placed "n+" scaling situation any "closed" system quickly achieved critical mass and all the "work" transactions got pushed the back while "high value" transactions such coin-speculation, (erc-) gambling, (eos) and pseudo-gambling (crypto-kiddies etcetera) would nature clog the network. unification white paper www.unification.com the other side the solution that has been approaching from the corporate side has been the deployment fully private "consortium" blockchains proposed offerings such corda and hyperledger. being built the "linux/redhat" model the idea was create open source software that "does useful things" and then bill for consulting implement and maintain. this would effectively and instantly solve the "scalability" issue the required amount validators (n) ie. .whatever the deployer determines and only transactions allowed the validators will allowed the network. meaning that these fully "private" implementations are useful theory but depending use case can sometimes regulated nothing more than glorified database that someone can say "we are the blockchain". solution: evolving the "useful" endgame -unification has been through numerous iterations all which have built each other and through each phase continued ask ourselves the obvious but often muted question "how does this benefit our user?" answer this, engaged hundreds conversations with existing enterprises/governments about how the blockchain can practically benefit their endeavors. three practical examples and requests that came across our desk were: government bank developing country wants build stable coin this stable coin would issued all agencies deploy for contracts awarded. contractors would paid the stable coin and would need redeem the government bank for fiat. the purpose for this monitor government payments and cash flow ecosystem where corruption and fraud abundant. for this stablecoin, what important the government fast, consistent and extremely inexpensive transactions. actual full public consensus from system such pow not important they trust entities within their network run the validation nodes however users and agencies will need full public transparency order trace the history transactions. gaming company building card game where each card will non-fungible tokenized and ingame currency will allow traded for cards and/or loot boxes. most users won't even understand they are the "blockchain" and can't expected hold/stake wallet balance order execute smart contract transactions. however they want these cards and tokens publicly tradable and accessible. transactions needs fast, consistent and free for the end user. umbrella organization clinics developing country with over million yearly patients record wants place all their clients data (ehr) the blockchain accessible via data wallet. the end consumer will able access and deploy their unification white paper www.unification.com data different providers but can't expected hold and operate "speculation coin and private key" order access this data. this group clinics will the beginning consortium organization and handle the validation themselves. later when other clinics entities join the consortium they will bring over their user-bases along with joining the consortium participate validator. these examples are just three dozens that have have laid out business models and implementations speaking with all the government and enterprise clients have learned that far beyond simple majority they all have the same basic needs/requests for blockchain for their specific usage: fast and consistent they should not have compete with entities outside their consortium for network resources. transactions essentially need free nearly free (pennies pennies) there transaction cost, then users the blockchain should not expected have pay stake execute these transactions. none had particular desire, need allegiance use "global" coin token for daily transactions (such eth, btc und) those can have fluctuating prices. most requested use their own internal coin used marker for transactions. this internal coin (if they even choose issue one) could stable fluctuate depending the parameters set the validators. the same note most wanted mechanism interoperability where there would the ability change fungible/non-fungible assets into other implementations the global und ecosystem under the correct circumstances. all had problem handling their own validation methods and had desire subject their projects outside validation and costs. the same note all supported outside oversight mechanism/auditor which would stamp "trust" top their validation that users could gain trust. there were also various opinions network/data accessibility and privacy. some would want the data transacted fully publically traceable and transparent others would would want encrypted protect privacy locked behind firewalls like private database. these requests all implementations are possible. working with our clients daily basis and seeing their needs and reality business, led understanding that there answer the quintessential question scalability blockchain that involves hybrid public/private approach which encompases the und ecosystem. unification white paper www.unification.com introducing unification there are two aspects unification can call them simply "mainchain" and "wrkchain" which can more commonly understood the same category "sidechain" let break down their responsibilities. its base mainchain more less what you imagine smart contract based blockchain be. evm (ethereum virtual machine) compatible and has native currency called und (united network distribution). governance mainchain executed via dsg (distributed stake governance) which explained detail further the document, however the summary version that there are evs (elected validators) who maintain the network and collect tax for validating blocks. these are rotated sets maintain the network. become requires vote/stake which occurs every hours. during the vote tally time, the evs with the largest amount und staked will receive hour medallion which will allow them validate the network and collect tax this effectively means control lifetime node, one would have accumulate approx the token supply and actively place that stake this assuming all tokens are circulating and fully staked for voting. dsg has been designed that the amount resources required effectively hostile takeover and disrupt the network would nature put the attacker position where they would inherently vested the success the network. simple enough? now had world where there was only mainchain would effectively have "ethereum with dsg governance instead pow" which may considered incremental improvement with faster tps due reduced amount validators time opposed k++ with pow) however many projects are attempting something similar and ultimately without major technological jump then previous adoption and comfort will still win the day. where starts get fascinating where back these conversations where understood what real-world entities truly need blockchain. these are the entities that need blockchain "actual work" that not directly related direct monetary gain per transaction and need that blockchain produce this work consistent and price controlled manner. discussed earlier, private implementations such hyperledger fabric can theoretically solve this however they are implemented closed gardens with oversight the transparency and possibility interoperability. the solution variation "sidechains" which are calling "wrkchains" which takes public/private approach execution. unification white paper www.unification.com when entity wishes open wrkchain they upload mainchain along with payment und "expansion log" following standard. this more less technically equivalent smart contract this expansion log will state the number validators the wrkchain, how these validators are selected, details the token being generated the wrkchain (if they decide have one) and how tax paid the wrkchain validators even taxed. (via the native wrkchain coin). the expansion log also describes how the wrkchain will "check in" with mainchain. typical usage will find that wrkchain validators will work their own trusted vacuum validating transactions with the wrkchain coin and broadcasting the headers each their blocks mainchain which then includes this information its own trusted block. the nature this system assumes that cannot guarantee that the information produced wrkchain validators immutable they are operating typically poa/federated basis. however mainchain can verify each header they submit and guarantee that they have not changed information reorganized previous blocks due merkle tree root. wrkchain validators are able to: -process intra-wrkchain smart contracts and token transfers the wrkchain coins wrkchain validators are not able to: -control submit changes for transfers und und controlled only the fully trustless dsg consensus mainchain. this creates practical ecosystem where mainchain "blockchain blockchains" allowing independent entities deploy useful scaled solutions that share the trust and interoperability mainchain, while maintaining the speed and scalability private implementation. this good theoretical start solving complex and universal problem however the reality usage and uptake the technical details, which will now explore. distributed stake governance utc time every hours "stake auction" held and the accounts who have placed stake the highest amount und are awarded hour medallion. this medallion allows them elected validator which has certain set responsibilities and rewards evs are responsible for validating the und mainchain and producing blocks according consensus model. blocks are currently set produce every seconds and evs are assigned non-predictable fashion who has the rights produce the next block from which others the ecosystem will have reach consensus for finalized. unification white paper www.unification.com the upon producing successful block will receive set block reward certain schedule from the network along with all the tax submitted. all this und placed into the same wallet the validator has used stake. not technically intense operation and can executed simple aws configuration that will provided. evs are not expected execute any other role other than validate the network and collect tax. the purpose this system create ecosystem where staking und tokens for the top rewarded with interest from the job being while immutably securing the network. important note that during our testnet phase, the foundation has distributed ,,, erc- und tokens. these are fully swappable the mainnet und tokens and stakers these tokens will compete claim one the validator spots order accumulate und rewards. block rewards schedule: this designed incentive early network activity all dates begin mainnet deployment. all blocks produce every seconds according current schematics. please note these block rewards are addition claiming the tax submitted users the ecosystem. the reason for the high block rewards the beginning incentive early validators secure the network the ecosystem develops and more tax able collected with each block produced. year day block rewards und per block und generated day block rewards und per block und generated day und per block und generated year interest paid und year day und per block -,, und generated day und per block und generated year interest paid und year und per block year interest paid und year und per block year ,,, interest paid und unification white paper www.unification.com year und per block year ,,, interest paid und year und per block year interest paid und the mainchain the mainchain the backbone the network, and serviced evs, which are selected according the dsg process outlined above. the mainchain's primary roles are increase the trust wrkchain recording submission its headers, and maintaining chain those recordings which accomplished acceptance data deposits from any wrkchain that currently services and additionally facilitating the native transfer und between accounts the mainchain. each wrkchain will rooted the mainchain with its own "expansion log", which will contain the wrkchain's data deposits, addition wrkchain metadata, which are discussed more detail below. expansion logs expansion logs are the method which mainchain can store, track and validate the state changes made wrkchain. when wrkchain produces new block, generates transaction with the merkle roots for the current state the wrkchain, the block number, header hash, and any signatures the wrkchain block validators (if applicable). mainchain can then process this transaction, adding the data the wrkchain's wrkchain root smart contract. proof genesis when wrkchain initially deployed, will store hash its genesis block its mainchain root. this further enhances the immutability the wrkchain, and allows the full history the wrkchain audited via the mainchain, right back the point genesis. wrkchain upon registration, each wrkchain will assigned unique id, the master record which will stored within the wrkchain's root the mainchain. this will also embedded within the signature every transaction executed within the wrkchain. unification white paper www.unification.com wrkchain metadata the wrkchain root will also contain metadata associated with the wrkchain, which may include data such as: consensus method inter wrkchain transaction fees (or lack thereof) wrkchain token information (if one exists) bootstrap nodes tps cap (if applicable) mainchain will not have native support for dapps/generic smart contracts, which will require their own wrkchain order run. the reason for this that the und wrkchain not designed "global supercomputer" rather trusted entity that validates information and collects tax from entities the ecosystem. mainchain block generation and consensus block generation, validation and finalization occur during block eras and block cycles. each block era consists number block cycles, and every block cycle begins particular block number. set active and backup evs servicing the mainchain are associated with each block cycle. this entire hash-map written onto the mainchain the und voting smart contract. unification white paper www.unification.com for every block period, the und voting smart contract will write non-predictable ordering which assigned the block generator. this selection weighted the evs current reputation. for the generation each block, number states are observed. unification white paper www.unification.com evs read their assignments off the mainchain. when has decided that should produce the next block, begins popping off transactions off the mempool and validating them. transaction validation includes checking: the account able pay for the tax price tax fee the account has enough und transfer out (if the transaction transfer type) for invalid signatures that nonce unique, and has been sequentially incremented from the previous nonce the block generator applies the transactions the current state the chain, thus producing the resultant chain state. block produced with this state, along with the transactions, and the block generator signs with it's private key. the generated block then propagated all the evs the mainchain. each other receives the produced block, validates both that the block well formed and that was created the appropriate block generator. the validating ev, pops the same transactions from the mempool, and also produces block. however, this block simply used confirm the correctness the received block. upon agreement, disagreement, either ack block nack signed and propagated all the evs the mainchain, and added the block header. unification white paper www.unification.com upon reception sixteen acks, each will finalize the block adding their blockchain. sixteen acks are not received, the current block will discarded, and will wait for the next block generator line produce the next block. mainchain reputation mainchain will internally track the reputation evs producing mainchain blocks. when produces "bad" block for example when consensus not reached the block block generator has proposed, the block generator doesn't produce its block the expected time, will receive negative reputation. negative reputation will reduce the probability that selected generate new block. may regain reputation consistently generating valid blocks. positive reputation will not affect how frequently selected produce the next block evs with non-negative reputation will have equal chance being selected generate block. reputation points will publicly visible. structure the block blocks propagated under the und wrkchain have the following structure: wrkchains wrkchains can deployed anyone. wrkchain deployed using the sdk provided unification foundation are fully evm compatible chains, and can therefore support any dapp and smart contract, and may have their own native coin (or not). wrkchain operators may define and implement their own consensus methods and transaction fee structure. each wrkchain will rooted the mainchain with its own expansion log (root smart contract). when wrkchain adds and finalises new block its chain, will also unification white paper www.unification.com responsible for generating the required transaction call its root, anchored the mainchain, which will send its expansion log data deposit (merkle roots, block header etc.). depending the level validation wrkchain operators require, they will able define whether they require every new block validation, less frequent interval (for example, every blocks require validation the mainchain). the higher the level validation required, the more mainchain network tax the wrkchain operators will required pay. beacons beacons are considered value add timestamp sdk which can applied most modern databases. beacon can work two different ways depending the needs the user option every change the database recorded and that change encrypted into hash every minutes these hashes are used generate merkle tree, and sent directly recorded/time stamped mainchain along with small payment und option every minutes snapshot the recorded and condensed into hash, this then sent mainchain along with small payment und. note: due the potential for extreme size databases being hashed, the user will able define which critical data they want timestamp the purpose beacon add layer immutable trust existing newly built centralized database projects. timestamping with beacon, entity can guaranteed that information has not been modified unseen forces -hence enhancing security and immutability. unification will make available api which will allow nearly any sort entity configuration hash and timestamp whatever information they please. locked accounts and ecosystem development the critical flaw with almost every major blockchain that end users the technology are constantly odds with validators and coin holders. meaning that due the speculative nature most decentralized blockchains, functioning enterprise cannot have predictable approach price and network resources. unification white paper www.unification.com order provide usable environment, the foundation has earmarked certain amount mainnet tokens sold fixed cost remove speculative pricing for our enterprise users. these tokens are the same any other und token, except that they will distributed locked wallet that can only used pay network tax for running beacons wrkchains. this means that these tokens cannot speculated, resold transfered. once validator processes transaction with these locked tokens tax, the validator will then have ownership the tokens their unlocked wallet and will able transfer them freely. this dynamic ensures predictable price schedule for the users the network massive incentive become elected validator able collect "tax" from working enterprises addition scheduled block rewards. ongoing revenue stream for the foundation history has shown that "one time raises" typically lead failed projects and that lasting project should required generate ongoing interest and funding for the value provides the community. project ethos pure utility unification designed something "useful" very clearly stated the business mode unification not "sell tokens" there has been ico and have developed the project through private generous funding. the united network distribution (und) token utility token the purest sense distribution has been through airdrop and purchasing the free market. designed used utility for tax the mainchain with ongoing funding for the project through selling tokens into locked wallets. the purpose unification create public/private hybrid ecosystem which allows operators wrkchains control cost/speed for themselves and their clients while sharing the immutable trust mainchain. believe this the solution that blockchain has been waiting for and are happy present you today. for more information please visit www.unification.com the unification team singapore unification white paper www.unification.com