whitepaper full version https://uttoken.io contents manifest united traders today what has with blockchain? ecosystems problem credibility market size and potential investment marketplace. project profile investment marketplace. action plan investment marketplace. objectives utex cryptocurrency exchange. project profile utex cryptocurrency exchange. action plan utex cryptocurrency exchange. objectives mega dictionary. project profile mega dictionary. action plan mega dictionary. objectives tokens. general tokens. pre-sale discounts tokens. payment and distribution using tokens token price outlook tokens and legal concerns road map. plans road map. completed stages expenditure pattern team. management team. marketing team. development team. finance team. sales conclusion manifest are team discrete and algorithmic traders who launched our business immediately prior the mortgage crisis and made high return our investment during that period. initially, specialized american shares. now trade shares, futures, options, currencies, and cryptocurrencies. registered united traders, proprietary trading company, and proved ourselves high-quality investors specializing the u.s. stock markets. know what professional trader needs successful, and introduced aurora, excellent multimarket platform, used directly access u.s. stock exchanges and other markets well. developed major finance-related web portal russian. trained tens thousands people trading and finance. created hundreds professional traders. opened our eyes russian financial authorities the problem binary options. are concerned about regulators who promote closed and complex markets, rather than providing accessibility thereto and transparency thereof; investment banks, which over the past years have created barriers between companies and access capital market opportunities; and algorithmic funds, feeding easy prey under the guise regulators. moreover, have many claims against the global economic system, which contributes wars and disparity. push for crypto revolution the global economy! united traders today proprietary trading company united traders, proprietary trading company, was incorporated via merger two teams traders from moscow and st. petersburg, who previously had been engaged swifttrade (canada) and dimension trading (usa). that time, both teams specialized primarily manual trading nyse and nasdaq, involving u.s. shares. october united traders engages traders from countries worldwide. various algorithms, including, but not limited to, high-frequency algorithms, are generally employed the trading business. the company primarily focused u.s. shares, futures and options, although intensively tap into the european and asian markets. software developer traders engaged united traders use the company's proprietary platforms. software package allows support the entire trading cycle, namely: arche client application designed trade the nyse and nasdaq. aurora the company's flagship. this multimarket platform (desktop windows) which supports operations the nyse, nasdaq, bats, arca, cme, cboe, cbot, eurex, moex, spbex, kraken and btc-e (previously) aurora manager platform which allows one manage group traders, broker's clients, several accounts held single asset manager. access this application granted upon request any relevant proprietary group trader's account reporting tool used traders who employ arche, aurora, sterling trader pro, laser trade, fusion shiva investment marketplace operated united traders this marketplace was launched october th, conceptually new interface was released. the following options are currently available investors: kvadrat black pool algorithmic strategies which was employed the kvadrat black spc hedge fund (an audited report available upon investor request). currently, this one the principal products the platform designed type strategy (ut crypto fund) pool manual and algorithmic strategies extensively used the cryptocurrency markets ipo with united traders feature which allows investors buy shares companies offering ipo's provisional subscription basis, with additional purchase opportunity after expiration lock-up period (varying between months) otc feature which allows investor buy shares non-public companies, including, but not limited to, space slack, airbnb, uber, palantir etc. training platform this one-month training session which covers the proprietary trading system, and provides capital all trainees. was developed for newbies, and aimed improving financial capabilities. magazine information and analytical portal that brings together traders and investors. the financial dictionary has special role play here. https://unitedtraders.com/ https://utmagazine.ru/ what has with blockchain? projects described this white paper not support blockchain technology smart contracts, and are aimed exclusively developing market decentralized systems and solutions. the target audience, which long ago familiarized itself with cryptocurrencies and blockchain technologies, has since become keen the development innovative decentralization, performance optimization, security improvement, and the implementation blockchain technologies part new projects. united traders believes that the discovery the first category the theory inventive problem solving (tips) the primary benefit derived from blockchain technologies. all other inventions will only contribute this, and deemed minor technologies. such, may cease develop our own blockchain technology, either approved public authorities generating more transactions per time unit. believe that the main benefit blockchain technologies could mature projects, with the possibility implementing smart contracts. their properties open unlimited possibilities for asset tokenization, which being actively pursued the cryptocurrency community. there are significant number opportunities invest physical goods, which first glance are not investment opportunities. these include art, old wine, hot rods, etc. smart contract affords opportunity invest similarly services. notably, the investment projects listed above are not off-the-shelf products, and the market not scalable. have much broader view the problem. smart contract affords opportunity invest similarly services! the service sector that the potential environment for mass tokenization! the lack national, foreign exchange, and legal restrictions barriers for venture transactions another benefit which mandatory for implementation our projects. for long time,venture investments have been bundled national clusters different countries, and the main leader, course, silicon valley. generally, venture funds which operate intermediaries for the benefit major conglomerates are principal beneficiaries this. such market design not efficient, and fails promote human progress global scale. blockchain technologies, and upsurge global business activities generated the same, allowing the launch global venture market today. ecosystems our mission educate and innovate regardless the global economic situation. act example and financial guide for new, smart generation, striving for financial independence. communication toolkit any major company operating any industry worldwide deemed virtually closed ecosystem. this allows companies effectively respond the most diverse needs customers. stick this path well, and seek develop our own ecosystem. user who is, intends become, financially competent person with various personal financial planning needs, the backbone our system. she seeks use every opportunity available invest capital and time the most efficient manner. problem credibility there huge credibility problem for so-called "experts" the world finance and investment. this sense, expert means all those who make financial transactions, give investment advice, and/or guarantee the trustworthiness certain individuals and organizations. entire industry rating agencies has been created resolve this problem. involves major investment banks making recommendations, audit companies certifying the truthfulness financial results, and/or the genuine nature completed work. however, these rating agencies not resolve the problem entirely, due lack trust those who use their reputation vouch for others. these are, for example, audit companies. moreover, the problem further aggravated negative activity: articles unverified "experts" the media, fictional awards, etc. offer solution this problem based blockchain technology. all that needs done track the actions the relevant activities the actors who are significant for the reputation distributed register, which, the future, would like monetize confirm their reputation. the following describes the components the united traders ecosystem that will form the basis for global expert ranking system. market size and potential consider the market for our products enormous, which consistent with the volume transactions effected foreign exchange for any and all countries worldwide, altogether. such, there need specify values with great number zeros this white paper. will describe our market size assumptions broad brushstrokes follows: the investment marketplace shall cover private investment market, terms volumes capital held investors traditional products targeted individuals, including: bank deposits, shares mutual funds, etfs, etc. ico market, terms volumes capital held aggressive investors who understand investments perfectly through tokens venture investment market, terms increasing the attractiveness investments start-ups, providing access private investors for top performing projects which were previously accessible only venture funds small business lending market, terms volume, which may converted into investments through ico lending market, terms its social component, can repeated investments through ico, based the platform operated united traders. envision the following future for the cryptocurrency exchange the upside potential any cryptocurrency exchange limited rules typical for the volume transactions involving any foreign exchange worldwide. expect that development crypto economy will result substitution leather wallets and bank cards with electronic devices storing great number various token names. each wallet eye retina (i.e. device required) holder will keep money his her tokens representing the items used his her real life, irrespective the investment component. thus, each exchange goods services will trigger that tokens through central exchange token without the same, the case may be. proper market place required support the foregoing economic environment. terms the mega dictionary wikipedia with authors who seek derive profit where altruism possible. this like capitalism socialism. such, blockchain technology affords unlimited opportunities develop the advertising business, primarily through reliable feedback the form payments advertisers. the reader gets useful information from the dictionary (advertising platform) and then buys the advertised product. through selfoptimizing system, the author who the expert gets reliable feedback based demand for his work. this way the system will endlessly filled with new, useful information. based the reasoning the possibilities service tokenization and taking advantage the favorable market environment for our projects, hold token sale. each project described more detail and old-fashioned manner the following three sections. investment marketplace. project profile page investment idea. fragment the concept the investment marketplace united traders project consists the development investment platform representing venue, meeting place, location, where prospects for cooperation prospects are analyzed both investors and business representatives. for purposes hereof, "business representatives" shall mean projects companies any maturity, ranging from start-ups major companies worldwide. any user coming with his her own investment idea need not official business representative. however, investment idea may related, for instance, share purchase transaction. the policy pursued investment marketplace provides focus private investors holding small medium-size capital resources. however, does not mean that this platform cannot used major companies financial institutions. launched october https://unitedtraders.com/investments investments page generally, investment marketplace online shop offering investment ideas one hand, and venue for the presentation ideas the other. each idea made subject detailed assessment expert community. initially, this community represented employees. subsequently, the foregoing assessment made vote, which involves the users themselves. high quality voting guaranteed having different weights cast various users. for purposes hereof, "weight" represents the user's experience, which recorded the blockchain. this point, list available investments includes strategies pursued traders engaged united traders the stock and cryptocurrency markets. moreover, ideas for investments shares for companies intending initiate ipo stock exchange, private companies (otc), start-up tokens (ico) will included well. investment marketplace. action plan october the inner portion the platform designed for investors has been completed. however, expected continue developing over time, that users will able offer their own investment ideas. addition, good share work related system intended support the community will feature the following: assignment rating points for any activity which may deemed expert storing rating points the blockchain database voting arrangements related making any respective idea available through the platform the outer portion represented web interface with primary functions designed used investors and existing investment ideas well. moreover, intend develop mobile application for ios and android. localization another material part the platform layout development. the platform currently available russian, and certain parts have already been translated into english. will translate all systems into english the near future, then launch advertising and promotion campaigns. further, the translation will made into spanish, portuguese, japanese, chinese and other languages well. prototype investment marketplace for mobile devices. fragment list icos with the opportunity learn the details and participate directly the united traders website development investment ideas will primarily represented new ico projects implemented through our proprietary platform. will deliver several approaches icobased investments, including, but not limited to, the following: ico pre-sale tokens related projects implemented with the direct involvement united traders. any start-up may propose project for which assessment could provided using our mentor and consulting support, and may further post our investment platform, making available investors. traders and type strategies managers will act investors well pre ico agree with major projects initiating ico, and engage them pre-sale activities exclusive basis (i.e. purchase considerable number tokens for large discount). subsequently, post our investment platform investment idea which provides for the purchase tokens related this project similar, exclusive terms, but subject minimum entry threshold. thus, will have pool customers with aggregate purchase price equal that which spent buy tokens. so, small investor will afforded opportunity participate ico any project whatsoever, exclusive terms and conditions which are available major customers only ico consider various scenarios for affording opportunity buy tokens related all the greatest possible number projects through our proprietary platform. thus, any user will able buy tokens with regard any project whatsoever, way using common interface and analytical data delivered united traders' experts our opinion, widespread tokenization shares private companies will represent the next stage crypto industry development. intend take the lead this activity, focusing primarily the legal components thereof. nowadays, our investors buy shares private companies and have limited opportunities sell the same. seek increase the number investment ideas related shares non-public companies. make this more attractive, intend create opportunities sell these shares other platform users. subsequently, way tokenization, will grant access this feature any user with blockchain account (either existing created us). release those tokens will also contribute the further development utex pioneer supporting related trading sessions. initial platform followers will include investors who have been working with the company since well representatives the cryptocurrency market audience who learned about the same from either united traders' experts during training sessions, from reports delivered various conferences, result broad-scale activities performed social networks. principal focus made involvement new users through affiliates partner network) and the utmagazine web portal (mega dictionary). any profit generated will come from fees payable investors for participation any relevant idea, and authors investment ideas who post them our proprietary platform. soon reasonably practicable upon ico, will add features which support payment fees through tokens. will offer discount those who make payments using our tokens, thus offering more favorable terms and conditions thereto. initially, the price will dynamic one and linked quoted prices for tokens. thereafter, soon token prices become less volatile and upon higher capitalization tokens which have been already released, will cease support the foregoing dynamic pricing structure and switch payment methods which provide for the use tokens. investment marketplace. objectives the global objective pursued through the development the investment marketplace that shall become additional name for the venture investment industry. that say, united traders shall the front mind any person with bright idea she intends put into action soon reasonably practicable. line with expertise gained the field development investment products, and the impact well-established interface has product performance, believe that the following goals may achieved investor users the end estimated that will able subscribe roughly active users the end deposit made any user will average usd the user's lifetime average will total five more years profit derived from the platform operation will amount the annual average investor's deposit utex cryptocurrency exchange. project profile aurora trading platform united traders united traders exchange (utex) project based the development venue where crypto currencies and tokens are traded. user-friendly interface adapted for trading u.s. shares and high performance shall ensure user engagement and high liquidity promoted professional market makers operating stock exchanges. user interface have been developing exchange business software since aurora, our flagship product, represents client application designed support trading concurrently several exchanges. specialize primarily the u.s. shares market, i.e. marketplace where thousands instruments are traded. such, the aurora interface default designed support prompt and convenient trading operations which involve huge number instruments. and this real advantage over existing interfaces cryptocurrency exchanges. whenever you need open close positions for dozens instruments, you spend far less time making any respective transaction compared with other interfaces similar context, which suffer from scalability problems (for instance, existing cryptocurrency exchanges). liquidity another problem faced exchanges even more important. related liquidity supply. low liquidity for most marketplaces chicken-and-egg dilemma. liquidity means users. there are users, liquidity unavailable. utex based on: https://unitedtraders.com/trading/aurora aurora manager allows you manage group traders our team possesses proper knowledge ensure high liquidity through our market makers. our team experienced launching trading new instruments, and maintaining quoted prices upon request major exchanges. acting market maker, have launched trading european and u.s. shares stock exchanges russia (moex and spbex). moreover, have proper knowledge and skills trading market making strategies relation u.s. and russian shares, futures and options, our expense when one else pays for maintaining the required liquidity. successfully maintain quoted prices and derive profit from these activities. intend both involve our own team, and afford opportunity wide range professional traders act market makers. such, flexible incentive program has been developed, and highly efficient exchange infrastructure will translate this into reality. users professional traders engaged united traders, and investors who have been granted access the investment marketplace, will become the pioneers exchange users. this product aimed the general public. intend involve sophisticated traders, miners, and cryptocurrency funds. the legal component this project will play important role. seek provide any bank being subject strict local rules and regulations opportunity participate such trading soon reasonably practicable. utex cryptocurrency exchange. action plan aurora aurora will become pioneer product, designed grant access trading platform. such, have developed program phased utex launching which shall allow mitigate process risks, and full-scale operation ensure availability sufficient liquidity. initially, will launch trading third party cryptocurrency exchanges through aurora. hitbtc will become pioneer exchange this regard. subsequently, list available exchanges shall include more exchanges. smart route adding feature which allows choose dedicated method order execution (smart route ut), shall become the second phase this project. designed enable execution large orders the best prices way distributing certain part orders concurrently among several cryptocurrency exchanges. it's worth noting that the technology employed when executing such orders particular importance. the higher the performance any respective exchange is, the more the efforts required execute any relevant order with proper quality. for more information, please read "the flash boys" michael lewis. since have been maintaining similar track characters described this book. will enable you get the crucks technologies offer full. dark pool subsequently, will add another venue smart route. this will utex operating without quoted prices and opportunity issue limit orders. market maker shall ensure liquidity inside dark pool. moreover, intend engage major traders execute orders through our proprietary platform. any such trader will allowed issue orders dark pool, which are then executed without any impact the market. utex further, will grant access quoted prices and enable traders issue limit orders. soon this complete, utex shall deemed being full-scale operation. updated interface have already performed number tests with web and mobile platform interfaces. intend introduce exchange web interface and subsequently mobile version. tokens starting january utt tokens are expected used pay for trading services. initially, this will feature which enables user pay for platform, and then any trading fee any amount payable the exchange soon utex launched. traders are expected make extensive use this feature due lower costs incurred versus payment any other type currency. thus, will promote adoption utt tokens payment method traders. prototype cryptoexchange for mobile devices. fragment utex cryptocurrency exchange. objectives turnover traders trading stocks, approximate turnover exchanges, mln per month mln per month excluded traders, whose strategies are focused coinmarketcap,_.. the specifics and infrastructure sites the turnover generated traders engaged united traders, and trading u.s. shares, totals approximately usd billion per month. believe that since there fundamental difference between wide range american shares, futures, and cryptocurrencies from trading standpoint, considerable number investors will commence trading cryptocurrencies. however, not take into account traders pursuing strategies which are based specific features american exchanges only. additional volume will generated traders who commenced trading cryptocurrencies third party exchanges, and are interested using aurora from desktop trading platform daily basis. thus, set goal among the top cryptocurrency exchanges within several months after commencement full-scale operations. moreover, the end expect among the top cryptocurrency exchanges terms trade volume. mega dictionary. project profile the fundamental idea the mega dictionary project that multi-language information portal will introduced with user friendly and easy use semantic structure, which guarantees availability accurate, updated, reliable and exhaustive information free-ofcharge. generally, the mega dictionary web site will represent common dictionary with search engine and topic-based classification articles, smart interlinks and pop-up prompts related definitions being searched, inter alia with relevant audio and video materials, enabling user get the maximum amount useful and date data. the main source traffic will organic, i.e. will generated users forwarded from search systems upon any respective request. the second largest source will represented users who enter the portal directly, and are entirely satisfied with the results previous interactions with the portal. the third largest source will represented social networks. the web site content will include topic-based vocabularies, with terms and their respective definitions, and wide range information articles diverse subjects, which elaborate their headings. the principal source profit expected generated the web portal will come from the search engine, banner, and other advertisements available the vocabulary entries and topic-based articles, with payment made cpa basis. afterwards, intend introduce additional sources for web site profits, such paid articles posted our customers, users subscribing paid services, and exchanges where articles can traded, and authors and translators able offer their services. the mega dictionary project meant ensure availability new users the ecosystem operated united traders the fullest extent. intend introduce blockchain technologies the system designed assign rating points and make payments authors. mega dictionary. action plan expect start writing articles english, spanish and russian. maximum dictionary entries will made for each language (terms and definitions), and information articles will posted the web portal with relevance horizon least five years. the price per article will vary depending size, and commence usd per characters. each category will assigned its own minimum, maximum and target size. view specific features various languages worldwide and different rates, the price range may vary from between usd. per article. our experience gained through interaction with authors russia (utmagazine.ru) showed that any author able generate maximum articles day, depending the size thereof. the time required check these limited the number moderators and editors, well resources available thereto (i.e. automatic checking spelling and uniqueness text). each moderator engaged full-time basis will able check and approve maximum articles day, depending the size and complicacy the subject. maximum two months will required engage authors and moderators who speak russian. moderators and editors will also employed from reputable authors. strict rating system will avoid situation where moderator could hired check his her own article. moderators will engaged both fixed remuneration (daily fixed number articles checked) and per-piece rate pay basis. initially, developers, authors and moderators will paid the company's expense. pay authors and moderators out funds made available advertisers, will need initially have articles per language. thereafter, web site traffic will generate over unique visitors per day for each language, allowing seek prospective advertisers early further increase organic traffic and expansion the user base shall enable make future payments using funds made available advertisers alone. expected that this will possible soon late early mega dictionary. objectives languages expected used over time will chinese, japanese, korean, portuguese and french. view the proven track record utmagazine.ru web portal for traders), the following traffic expected: each dictionary entries with size not exceeding characters may generate maximum unique users month. each topic-based articles with size exceeding characters may generate maximum unique users month thus, subject availability vocabulary entries and topic-based articles, maximum unique users month can expected the average monthly number visits will increase annually due availability regular and new users, and could total visits per month. seasonal fluctuations shall taken into consideration when forecasting web site traffic. forecast growth attendance russia, traffic may decrease considerably during summer. however, due the higher volume available content, this potential decrease could mitigated through intermittent growth traffic during active months. average monthly values calculated for given year based the proven track record utmagazine.ru are made available hereinabove. the following objectives will pursued terms web site behavioral factors: the average visit depth pages per vocabulary entry and three pages per topicbased article results average monthly potential page views equal the share new users equal approximately will remain stable during the initial three years web site operation, then decrease thereafter. the average visit time shall equal least three minutes. this expected minimum threshold. tokens. general total issued for founders and employees available for token sale affiliate program and bounty accept eth btc usd eur eur issued standard ticker ethereum erc utt sale main phase pre-sale preliminary phase start finish start finish gmt gmt gmt gmt token price token price utt eth utt eth, and may subject possible increase should the rate eth/usd significantly change the time the token sale begins. minimum amount per buyer eth minimum amount per buyer eth maximum amount per buyer eth maximum amount per buyer will announced uttoken.io gmt all tokens not purchased before the end the token sale period shall destroyed. the event buyer violates the minimum amount, his order shall the back the queue for the purchase tokens during the token sale. the event buyer violates the maximum amount, the excess amount shall the back the queue for the purchase during the token sale. funds not participating the purchase tokens can withdrawn spent after the completion the token sale. tokens. pre-sale discounts when buying for when buying for eth eth eth when buying for eth eth when buying for eth eth orders issued one user within the pre-sale are summed up. the total amount determines the discount amount. the amount utt tokens that pre-sale participant receives shall recorded the moment completion. during the pre-sale period, participant allowed increase the purchase amount. the event that the announced price the primary token sale higher than the presale price, the price for the pre-sale participants shall remain the same, which utt eth. however, there increase the price the token during the token sale, the discount the participants pre-sale shall accordingly increased. tokens. payment and distribution token payment mechanism utt tokens are paid for eth. conversion utt tokens buyers' funds currency other than the eth occurs follows: when paying btc, usd, eur, the conversion rate fixed the kraken (mid-price) exchange the time receipt the funds. token distribution mechanism the time registration, all participants will receive accounts the united traders system. any utt token can provide his ethereum address uttoken.io from the moment registration and gmt. participant has provided his ethereum address, then gmt utt tokens will automatically credited there. participant has not provided his ethereum address, then gmt utt tokens will automatically credited the united traders system account. from that point, tokens can manually withdrawn used the united traders' system. using tokens investment marketplace investors pay fees for participation the investment idea using exchange tokens for project ico tokens managers pay for proposed investment ideas receive per each investment idea which properly implemented startups pay for ico-related consulting services using are paid for consideration each posting the platform receive payment for their ico tokens experts receive for voting project ico introduction receive for voting project investment idea introduction receive per each successful project duly approved exchange and trading traders pay transaction fee using market makers receive for compliance with applicable requirements for the maintenance proper liquidity startups pay fee for the commencement trading their tokens using experts receive for assessment tokens admission for public trading mega dictionary advertisers pay for clicks views using pay for articles, getting the priority right advertising, using get payment for their services for users editors get for editing articles get for making articles get for optimizing articles for search engines authors get for clickthroughs their articles translators get from the authors for translation token price outlook the token price certain part the aggregate price for all tokens duly issued. the higher the aggregate price is, the more the price for each individual token increases well. therefore, the aggregate price for all tokens issued depends the following: first and foremost, the scope services rendered through the platform operated united traders, and where tokens are employed. the scope expands, the aggregate token price increased the number tokens held investors and crypto funds. long-term holding tokens results their withdrawal from circulation, thus affecting liquidity when these may purchased those who intend make use services offered through the platform. the lower the liquidity, the higher the price received the purchaser tokens re-purchase tokens united traders. plan buy back tokens from the market the price below our fair estimate. due excessive demand remaining after the ico, the price the commencement trading the exchange may exceed the ico price -%. excessive demand for tokens will generated active promotion thereof, and low limits for the number tokens which may purchased single buyer way launching new products supporting tokens, and promoting the token price extensively during the course the year after commencement trading, shall increase its price several times tokens and legal concerns token legal status digital token cryptographically protected method granting the right make use services and products purchased using such token through platform operated united traders. the ownership tokens does not enable the user derive receive profit, revenues other amounts payments result any such purchase, holding, management, administration, exercise, restoration expiry any the rights, shares property rights interest united traders its platform any other property whatsoever held united traders (or any part thereof). any purchaser tokens shall bear all risks and subject restrictions related and applicable digital tokens, cryptocurrencies and blockchain technologies, including but not limited to, the following: risk unavailability access tokens result loss privacy key keys risks related ethereum platform protocol risks computer attacks and those arising from security system weak points risk loss arising from lower token price risks related inefficient regulations and/or enforcement measures taken the regulator citizens residents any geographical area where access use cryptocurrencies digital tokens prohibited applicable laws, orders, rules, regulations, agreements administrative acts shall not allowed purchase and use tokens. this the case well when any purchaser user not u.s. citizen resident (including, but not limited to, for the purpose applicable tax laws and regulations), holds neither green card nor u.s. residence permit and not the united states america his her principal predominant place residence outside the foregoing territory. howey test pursuant general practices employed cryptocurrency markets, any company which issues tokens shall make such tokens subject the howey test. this done check whether any relevant token share not. proven that any respective token share with probability least then shall registered the sec, provided that intended offered for sale non-qualified investors residing the usa. not allow buying tokens u.s. investors. most companies apply the relevant consultants, auditors attorneys for the so-called 'legal opinion' issued for marketing purposes. have consulted with representatives leading law firms new york, and they explained that the so-called 'legal opinion' issued upon the howey test not deemed legitimate document evidencing the relevant status token. this just opinion expressed expert executing the same. rule, any such opinion confidential and not intended published any publicly available source (i.e. web sites white papers). have performed our own howey test tokens pursuant generally acceptable and existing practices. the result was that was been proven not share with probability the only reason for failing assigned probability that certain holders thereof may have expectations for token price increase, and result they are motivated buy the same for speculative purposes. however, neither affects nor limits the sale tokens purchasers, and has impact further use thereof through the platform operated united traders. this information shall taken into consideration all prospective buyers prior the purchase thereof. interaction with the u.s. investors the u.s. capital market strategic importance our company. such, have held extensive consultations with experienced legal advisers from the usa develop strategy for the incorporation proper legal entities, the receipt required licenses and permits the sec provide relevant investment services, and the issuance tokens and the establishment exchange for the subsequent circulation thereof, well cryptocurrencies and investment products. upon foregoing consultations and the development final action plan related the u.s. market, the white paper may amended for the permitted purchase tokens and use thereof u.s. investors. road map. plans second stage magazine dictionary october will start gradually expand the range subject matters covered the financial dictionary available through magazine and translate into other languages, thus granting access thereto authors from other states well. are sure that the number visits will increase dramatically few months soon the first entries are made. subsequently, will grant access thereto wide range advertisers. education updated interface november education updated interface combined with other platforms shall make the user path easier. just click the relevant section and start learn. moreover, traders, investors and partners will able keep with recent news having regard the educational platform. this includes further training sessions, new tutors, translation any course into any new language. personal section pupil affiliates updated interface november partner program developed will become more challenging for professional traffic arbitrageurs giving the opportunity embody registration widgets web site, download landings, and improve analytical data. affiliate's personal section trader's account updated interface december intend launch trader's account which will more convenient for newbies. moreover, will more user friendly and easy use for advanced traders. the business context, shall ensure higher conversion from registration loaded account. pnl graph trader's personal section cryptocurrency exchanges and aurora interconnection december traders engaged united traders will able convert fiat balances into cryptocurrency balances and thus assigned limits required trade the cryptocurrency exchanges connected the platform. phased interconnection exchanges expected, where hitbtc will become pioneer this process selecting crypto exchange level window aurora launch ico based the investment platform january immediately upon ico launched united traders further investment ideas are expected introduced follows: ico enables you enter any ico from common interface; pre ico allows you participate pre ico and enjoy more favorable terms and conditions, even you not possess large capital resources for individual terms and conditions apply. list ico's investment marketplace tokens used instrument payment january any user making use services offered united traders will able pay tokens. this method payment will more attractive versus any other payment vehicle. "my accounts" the personal section, including the account the tokens smart route released smart route will developed parallel interconnection further cryptocurrency exchanges aurora. users will able execute large orders more favourable prices. aurora updated interface ensure higher accessibility trading for newbies, web version aurora platform being developed. professional traders will able monitor their positions without feature allowing launch desktop version, while newbies will adapt new trading business faster. moreover, this will the primary utex interface. prototype web trading platform launch cryptocurrency dark pool initial release utex will available dark pool format. that liquidity pool which not visible for user and tested smart route before used other exchanges. fully operational utex cryptocurrency exchange) launched for the purpose hereof, 'fully operational' shall mean that dark pool quoted prices are available all users, order routing other exchanges switched off and fast api accessible algorithmic traders and market makers. united traders community launched expect launch blockchain-based rating system the end which shall allow transfer internal project-related decision-making process users, thus making platforms more scalable and self-contained. platform mobile version released immediately upon the ico, expect commence development mobile applications for services which previously have been introduced with web interfaces. allegedly, months, various mobile interfaces will released with the investment marketplace being pioneer this process. decentralized utdex launched chat forum which allows interaction trainees part the educational program implementation, well traders and risk managers operating through aurora, will represent one the built-in components the systems. intend launch pilot decentralized exchange based the foregoing messenger service licensing licensing required launching exchange and investment platform recognizable jurisdiction with positive regulation cryptocurrencies and ico. this road map indicative and further plans may and will adjusted depending the market environment, legislative developments with regard tokenization shares the companies n/a expect purchase shares non-public companies and issue tokens representing the same. any broker will able trade these tokens and exchange them for shares through united traders. the implementation timeframe has not been defined yet due open legal issues. cryptocurrencies and the progress united traders. the context these adjustments, business success and the common use tokens are fundamental and driving factors, rather than strict adherence the road map declared. road map. completed stages development the brand february united traders was incorporated proprietary trading company. the primary specialization intraday trading u.s. shares. founders: roman vishnevsky, dmitry belousov and anatoly radchenko, traders from swift trade (canada) and dimension trading (usa). first office united traders, first workshops proprietary trading business model provides for continuous training newbies selected after holding respective tests and interviews. however, view the suggestions expressed applicants, launched paid training sessions well. this involved doors open days and public events held various cities russia, ukraine, belarus and kazakhstan. seminar for employees, arche launched platform for active traders dealing with u.s. shares was developed after several attempts launch algorithmic trading, which gained general recognition traders operating the nyse and nasdaq. arche trading platform magazine launched the online magazine for traders was introduced. magazine global training sessions launched paid trading-related workshops rapidly transformed into practical training sessions for traders. all attendees were afforded opportunity become traders engaged ut. each trainee attending practical training session was and still granted access his her personal account with purchasing power starting from usd and ending with several millions subject adherence applicable risk management rules. united traders founders. photo forbes aurora launched great number professional traders operating the stock and future exchanges russia were interested the services offered. instead adding markets arche, developed another platform capable supporting trading activities numerous markets and great number traders operating parallel. thus, multilingual platform emerged which designed used active traders (aurora). currently, supports operations the nyse, nasdaq, bats, arca, cme, cboe, cbot, eurex, moex, spbex, kraken and btc-e (previously). aurora trading platform united traders kvadrat black launched response regular requests filed the target audience, pool algorithmic strategies was generated enable each user thereof trade u.s. shares with low risks and rate return usd. the foregoing pool being continuously updated. poor strategies are removed and substituted with more efficient ones. between kvadrat black strategies were employed manage the like-named hedge fund and received various prizes. winter the fund was closed and the foregoing strategies included the list investment ideas the investment marketplace was being developed. net pnl kvadrat black investors development financial vocabulary focused our new target audience (i.e. newbies). such, showed good performance through the use our financial vocabulary. took six months make the relevant entries related trading and finance, and these activities allowed increase the overall number visits times during the next twelve months. analytical data showed that this model scalable, and the foregoing value may increased hundreds times. articles list financial vocabulary ipo launched ipo supported united traders created opportunity buy shares company the price offered during the ipo, then sell the same shares upon expiry lock-up period varying from months. represented good extension the range our proprietary investment products. this tool was appreciated those who were seeking earn more and were ready bear higher risks. nowadays, most investment ideas described hereinabove show good performance. fragment keynote affiliates released january january pioneer component new back end was released partner program). enables the user engage customers and derive profit from these activities. both regular users recommending services their friends and professional traffic arbitrageurs may earn profits. the partner program has been developed strategic solution designed solicit customers instead entering into highly competitive market traffic purchases operating through search engines and social networks. landings and banners affiliate personal section otc stocks launched january purchase shares non-public company opportunity create transaction with rate return least --% and more. select companies which carry out business comparable that quoted corporations. buyer may wait for ipo and withdraw from the position, sell his her shares another investor negotiated price. fragment keynote crypto launched june have been investing into cryptocurrencies since purchased bitcoin the range from usd usd immediately upon commencement cryptocurrency boom launched the type strategy (an investment idea). this pool strategies for those investing cryptocurrencies, funds and shares companies and deriving profit from blockchain revolution. most investors appreciated this easy use tool designed invest into the cryptocurrency market. fragment keynote education released july upon the launch affiliates ut, this was the first release service based advanced platform. supported the entire range functions the platform back end, and mvp its front end. this new platform allows add new tutors and launch further training sessions few hours. justified its long-standing development early within the initial months operation offering higher conversion and great volume positive feedback from its users. courses list education investment marketplace launched october all major projects are now accessible from common interface www.unitedtraders.com. nowadays, back end the educational platform and partner program tested full load. the initial release the interface included investment marketplace and several updated sections. page investment idea. fragment expenditure pattern preliminary spending targets related projects expected implemented part the foregoing road map can seen below. any cost item may adjusted after modification development programs and deliverables made available upon implementation any specific project. main items special items development ico projects product team market making utex marketing and advertising mega dictionary content legal costs development. however, they may serve backbone investment ico projects. engage advanced for further teams. expect put our ideas into practice way engaging team which includes developers well third party contractors involved projects exclusive terms and conditions, will buy their tokens the initial stage. this amount shall represent equity capital used fundamental pursue dedicated objectives. primary skills: java, js, c++, c#, ios, android. component another investment product available investors similar type strategies. product team. this team seeking evolve any respective platform and being able set objectives for market making utex. attract more market makers, resolved introduce loyalty program developers, analyze market data and product performance, make proper adjustments, develop strategy designed communicate with users, etc. the which traditionally employed stock exchanges. initially, will pay market makers for fixed number price quotations subject predefined number team members will increase, thus ensuring product development and localization markets worldwide. availability the following skills must: spread within least trading session time. further, this system will substituted with considerably lower fees payable participants who product and project management, analytics, design, development the content any form whatsoever, traffic management, seo, smm, crm, and e-mail generate liquidity. marketing etc. the target headcount the end shall total team members. mega dictionary content. initially will launch hybrid model designed make payments authors marketing and advertising. expect use relatively accelerate project implementation. the foregoing payments will made from the funds obtained from the ico. transfer funds paid advertisers (as low advertising budget efficiently though high-quality analysis pilot project results. for purposes hereof, 'marketing' shall mean budget-intensive projects rather soon any respective advertisement viewed) will made following phased approach. this shall initially allow increase the number authors than aimed purchasing traffic directly. available through this forum explosive pace. legal costs. the fundamental factor which potentially may have direct impact the application proceeds derived from token sales the legal component. deemed reasonable, these costs may total the overall amount. the higher legal costs will compensated with the lower expenditures included other items and extended time frame for implementation any the scheduled events described the road map. team. management united traders well-developed and coordinated team, proven time. are able tackle global problems and have all the necessary expertise. roman vishnevsky anatoly radchenko managing partner swift trade, higher school managing partner dimension trading, saint petersburg economics. state university itmo. dmitry belousov alexander kurdyukov managing partner swift trade, bauman moscow state technical director aeroflot, alfa bank, lomonosov moscow technical university. state university. three the company's four partners started their careers professional traders u.s. and canadian proprietary trading companies. having established their own proprietary trading company, they quickly began diversify the business. some point, the development proprietary trading platform became one the most important areas work, and extremely competent leader was required take charge the team. this manager took the role technical director and became the fourth manager the team. team. marketing eduard zinker anton klevtsov evgeny belousov andrey shapiro denis fadeev alexander zhulin head affiliate program product manager education and chief editor magazine product manager aurora trading platform art-director aurora trading platform ux-designer aurora trading platform ui-designer alexey markov daria goncharova sergey mikheev alexander rusko andrey shubartsov artur tovmasyan product manager trading floor head product analysis product analyst community manager, editor magazine community manager community manager our products are developed people who are well versed their inner workings. all product managers work close dialog with developers and sellers, and constantly adapt products user needs. special mention should made the art-director and ux-designer, representing byndyusoft. the partnership started since then, our business relationship became intimate that today consider these top-notch professionals part the team. they make our products design driven. team. development yegor davydov vadim litvinov team lead (investment team lead (aurora, marketplace) utex) anton markelov denis burlaka vladimir glushenkov maria bredeleva head exploitation team lead (ut education, magadictionary) team lead (internal billing, clearing, reports etc) head quality assuarance our virtual office the development team our greatest pride. took long time get the teambuilding model have today. the team works remotely, from their homes, scattered thousands kilometers. five years ago was believed that remote team less effective than team working office. now the market trend changing due the advancement business communication technologies. are the forefront this trend. see each other and communicate more often than colleagues working desks standing opposite one other office. team. finance yaroslav butin pavel urumyan alexei nizev artem evseev head risk management head trading desk head algo trading risk manager vladimir bazhenov irina trushkina dmitry chemakov trader, mentor chief financial officer internal auditor our trading performance marked awards. some our achievements include: taking part trading competitions, bloomberg hedge fund reporting observed real time. they have always been positive. know thing two about finance. make money rather than analyze the market. our team able deliver truly high-quality investment ideas and pick out the best companies and projects. team. sales alexander kholodov alexander yuryev sergey shimovich ilya gontov sergey nikitin investors relations investors relations investors relations affiliates team affiliates team dmitry fionov oleg zharov konstantin belov affiliates team head sales (trading) head sales (education) have great team developing communications with investors, partners, and customers. conclusion have introduced aurora, excellent multimarket platform which may used directly access u.s. stock exchanges and other markets well. have created service that will enable trader exchange anything for everything the format exchange trade, the format exchange point linked asset storage and the payment execution machine for any individual legal entity. have created investment marketplace which allows traders put money into investment ideas that were previously available only the select few. are creating platform nurture entrepreneurial talents and create different approach savings investment. have created open ecosystem for the development professional traders, which allows them independently study and, subsequently, find employment company, already being educated and profitable trader. are already creating ecosystem build the material wealth any man, regardless his financial literacy. join us, sincerely yours, united traders! https://uttoken.io