_universa.io _blockchain _platform _whitepaper _v.g _prepared_for _universa_corporation_ltd __sep_ http://universa.io the contents this document are official and proprietary information universa corporation ltd distribution through non-official channels strictly prohibited all rights reserved _table_of _contents _synopsis abstract overview what does _implementation blockchain proof-of-state actors smart contracts attaching files time stamp marker nodes clients _token_economics pre-sale and token generation event circulation demand budget spending plan _development_potential additional services _use_case_examples token contracts common tokens bank-backed tokens invoice contracts escrow contracts digital exchanges "stock markets" selling apartment digital autonomous organization "dao" contracts _conclusion universa corporation all rights reserved _synopsis abstract "the future already here it's just not evenly distributed yet." william gibson cyberpunk sci-fi author distributed cryptographic ledgers back digital currencies exceeding cumulative billion value, the time writing. modern cryptography finally protects over half all web traffic the form http+ssl (invented according report the mozilla foundation. mathematically-backed asymmetric encryption provably safe, freely available, and long last, widely adopted the overwhelming majority digital services that impact and empower day-to-day life for most people alive earth today. over years computing advancement history has shown that earliest adopters technologies tend hobbyists, followed consumers, who are followed businesses, and finally governments. this regard, quickly digital assets like bitcoin and ethereum have taken the hobbyists storm, and are now penetrating consumer wallets, businesses and governments alike are much slower adapt and adopt. while some brave speculators are already betting their full life savings these currencies, many businesses still won't yet take them payment, and most governments not even acknowledge their status "money". these regards, cryptographic ledger "blockchain" technology can still considered its infancy; the now-famous whitepaper the pseudonymous satoshi nakamoto describes only the first iteration hypothetical use-case, the digitization money into trustless and decentralized protocol. the second major iteration this novel concept yielded ethereum, platform and virtual machine far beyond just currency, supporting complex smart contract logic and new frontier distributed applications, "dapps". neither yet fully suitable for enterprise use cases where degree regulation and accountability required. and thus these two applications are only the beginning new age human communication and cooperation. blockchains have already begun disrupt the transmission monies and the execution software logic, but the ways they will change business logic and governmental process remain almost completely unexplored. field wide open, ripe for innovation and the pioneering new systems that will form the basis how commerce, business and governance occur global scale, shaping societies and human culture the coming years, decades and far, far beyond. the future indeed here. universa corporation all rights reserved overview universa platform new generation blockchain technology. uses contract execution machine and distributed state ledger designed improve bitcoin and ethereum technologies delivering improvements that are imperative for business adoption, with emphasis tokenization and contractual agreements. where traditional blockchains transact primarily currencies, universa designed support token representation everything from passports boarding passes, bus tickets taxi fares; they can gift cards, vouchers, gym membership cards. you might make token representing your title deed, just the keys the house. while traditional blockchains record full trustless ledger all actions, transactions and their effects network ("fat protocol, tiny logic"), universa improves speed and usability maintaining directed graph the verifiable hashes the output all actions ("tiny protocol, fat logic"). other words, instead stacking blocks make single full ledger, each set changes contract applied the clients separate contract chain ("c-chains") the previous state, and the outcome vectorized and hashed only signed signature the state each side-chain gets updated the new status the blockchain, discarding the old state and storing the new one. still, each chain keeps it's own history, and any node with copy the transactions can attempt replay them and verify that the outcome the same, which ensures validity and fairness trusted environment. business-critical derivation from traditional blockchain technology, universa does not rely untrusted actors from the general public. nodes the universa system are owned and operated our partners; they must licensed and authorized universa corporation. they are trusted, trained, and audited; they provide guarantees availability, speed, and security. rather than mining for incentive wasteful activity which needlessly consumes gigawatts power across the globe every hour yielding nothing instead all nodes are rewarded via transaction fees for their participation the validation and execution contracts. the only "work" being done the machines the universa cloud mission-critical data handling and contract execution, and does not require expensive gpu hardware. sensitive business data not stored flippantly and unwittingly unknown reaches the globe, encrypted and regulated strict organizational security practices (iso making finally possible for enterprises trust blockchain with sensitive private business processes. universa corporation all rights reserved what does universa platform powered the universa network swarm universa core nodes composing the universa blockchain, and supporting the universa secure signed document service (codenamed "notary cloud"). the blockchain only responsible for enforcing the validity the state transactions, while notary cloud acts verifiable warehouse for signatures the original contracts. for example, contract executed that defines "token" asset and distributes token each parties, only the hash-of-the-state the final balances would stored and saved onto the full blockchain (about bytes), rather than full accounting all ten-thousand transactions and the balances all user accounts, the case bitcoin ethereum; therefore, any future node connecting the network would then benefit from over size reduction synchronizing this particular execution from blockchain, and need only retain the short hash the current state this block height verify it. furthermore, since the hashes from each contract are summarized into the master universa chain via directed acyclical graph (dag), rather than naive synchronously-ordered blockchain, it's possible for asynchronous actions from different contracts and replays occur out-of-order and still yield the same final hashes global state. the network designed this way, around contracts and their executions transaction" and each time action performed, all nodes are transmitted both the current state the contract and the source the operation performed. the state and the source are verified hash-sum identical the stored current state the contract's side-chain ("c-chains"), the operation applied, and then the new state hashed and agreed upon consensus; after short period time days currently), the nodes are free discard both the contract and the state their hash sum signatures are stored the notary cloud later, the original contract can supplied the nodes and proven authentic and only the hashes need retained nodes the swarm. this manner, the transaction speeds are hugely improved and the size the blockchain reduced just enough information verify the complete historical ledger. verify particular c-chain, such triple-ledger accounting the validity currency-like contract's balances, any actor may retain the contract source and transaction history (requesting, necessary, that verified notary cloud) and replay the actions, comparing the hash the current value the present state the ledger. universa corporation all rights reserved _implementation blockchain the universa blockchain cooperative ledger state changes, performed licensed and trusted nodes, and capable handling thousands tens-of-thousands transactions per second(+-,tps, http://access.universa.io). achieves this performing contract executions on-client and verifying their output consensus algorithm the creation each new block. the blockchain doesn't need store full history all transactions, these can kept the side-chains each actor responsible for executing them. anything that would usually stored blockchain another platform transaction records, contract sources, and digital signatures can later verified for authenticity the associated notary cloud service, which responsible for handling assets and their digital signatures, but separate and distinct from the blockchain (which increases transaction speed and synchronization times). proof-of-state the universa nodes primary function execute contracts and verify state. rather than relying archaic mining techniques that burn clock cycles for reason, universa, permission create new blocks comes from participation licensed node. therefore, rather than waiting for new block mined, state change can occur any time, verified trusted actor, and often approved consensus less than ten milliseconds even scale. each separate contract maintains its own chain state, contract can perform actions asynchronously without blocking affecting other contracts, and the combined changes state collectively form directed acyclical graph ("dag") that makes the blockchain itself. universa corporation all rights reserved actors nodes, which together produce universa notary cloud and universa c-chains ledger clients for pc, mac, android and ios additional services, like universa crypto-cloud, and side entities, which will provide services via universa universa corporation all rights reserved smart contracts general, smart contract universa just executable script data stored tree structures. stores any information the "key-value" format; each key represented globally unique address, and value can fixed values, binary executable logic, dynamically executing scripts, even references other trees, addresses, and on, allowing virtually any structure complex nesting representations. scripts smart contracts universa are turing-complete; put simply, that means that scripts can execute other scripts, and contain programmable logic significant complexity. some cases, the appropriate logic perform certain action and/or management can too complicated expressed set configuration properties for example, you might want associate share with some external data, e.g, the dollar exchange rate set stock indices that will allow the share sold only under certain circumstances. while it's almost impossible include provisions for every possible scenario this kind the contract specifications, this could easily achieved executable script stored within contract. the script signed, non-changeable part the contract that can perform any complex and intelligent logic check complex conditions, enabling certain triggers and perform further respective actions needed. so, whole, tree smart contracts creates smart contract chain. represents set smart contracts that reference and confirm each other. c-chain represents real-world set related documents. features each new c-chain are defined their first, brand-new smart contract. but, once again, the blockchain does not store the contracts themselves, just their current status, the body the contract stored other entities, for example your flash card, crypto-cloud. that also means that you can facilitate your smart contracts accounting any infrastructure, via amazon servers in-house hardware, and since its universa corporation all rights reserved execution still signed you and verified the node accepting the state the transaction, its results will still trusted all actors the universa platform. attaching files smart contracts could include ownership real-world object, such intellectual property (ip) item included attachment, contract purchase some property (usually, another smart contract). any files can added inside contract themselves, signed-verified link (which prevents changing the file) for large files. universa client will check the link's correspondence when executing the smartcontract and after the notary cloud will certify the contract and provide time stamp for it. maximum size contract gb. time stamp one more important feature universa smart contracts time stamp. when user client has sent the state contract universa node, the last one check and verify that state stores the time when happened. since the notary cloud executes within second, possible understand the exact moment when the contract was verified rejected universa, supporting legal usage the universa smartcontracts. marker sometimes you need have the ability prove old status smart contract; case you need reference state contract given point time, you can create "marker". this special small smart contract, which proves and stores old state needed contract for years. universa corporation all rights reserved nodes each universa node equal host which stores the structure the universa network. each node trusted, because it's owned known responsible owners, legal entities that assume the responsibility for running the notary service. runs regular unix server and contains dynamic copy the ledger. when client sends smart contract universa, first checked universa client which propagates down the known nodes. the smart contract signed only few parts, the universa nodes store its state for days. the node declines registration the smart contract, retains its state for days prevent fraud. clients time, universa will provide reference designs and mvps: open source java libraries, which will work both desktop environments and the android platform client application for windows, macos, and linux, command line with basic universa features set android mobile application graphical user interface (gui) contract constructor, containing templates contracts and typical actions. the gui will provide ability create smart contracts without special technical skills each type front-end clients connects with last known nodes and those nodes send their lists other active nodes and the size quorum. universa clients always check applicant's files are proper for the contract; for example, you receive documents and contract via e-mail, the gui universa client will check that this smart contract signatures correspond the exact versions the files you received. universa corporation all rights reserved universa corporation all rights reserved _token_economics the universa ecosystem funded "utn" tokens, digital assets that itself represented universa smartcontract. each utn subdivisible decimal places, allowing for granular trades. for the sake convenience and everyday use, nicknames exist for fractional utn tokens follows unit name utn value trade ratio kutn utn mutn cents uutn ,,: cents nutn ,,,: cents universa corporation all rights reserved tge usd value pre-sale and token generation event tokens will initially distributed stages, schedule below. during the tge, ethereum "erc" token will generated placeholder and distributed participants, that placeholder tokens can traded open exchanges before the universa blockchain goes live. participants can choose either claim their placeholder tokens immediately via distribution ethereum wallet, wait claim their rewards until after the universa platform operational. tokens will generated and distributed the main blockchain the launch the universa platform. participants from the tge and pre-sale who did not claim placeholder erc "utn-p" tokens will distributed their reward utn directly; the tokens will sit "placeholder redemption" account, and holders utn-p will able redeem them exchange for utn. pre-sale september token generation event october type public offering public offering know-your-customer "kyc" required required tokens sell ,,, amount accept million usd million usd price per utn token bonus $.(min purchase universa corporation all rights reserved circulation demand execution smart contract actions requires transaction fees paid utn reward participating nodes for the processing power they supply the network and sustain the ongoing development the universa platform. nodes will keep the transaction fee, and will universa corporation. universa will hold the right "burn" each day the fees retained the platform. all the settlements platform will executed tokens only, other methods will accepted all the prices will set usd (except price for nodes, this can set tokens) during each transaction, actual token rates from the exchange will used determine the amount tokens pay for each service all the users need buy tokens use platform, and crypto-exchange module self-service portal will manage automatic conversion external currencies (and digital assets) utn tokens and back buy (and keep!) more tokens today you will ultimately pay less tomorrow for any universa services budget spending plan universa's token generation event designed garner financial support from open crowdsale partners who want support our future development. our plan dynamic and capable adjusting wide variety circumstances; are conservatively prepared for modest fundraising event and will move forward with our plans, using only the funds contributed pre-sale even the ico doesn't draw another dollar. however, optimistically, our ultimate goals and vision for the project are advanced and we're fully prepared with plan for scaling the company million usd and eventual growth beyond. our ico capped million usd because aim disrupt many legal and political frameworks entrenched around the globe and build universa's foundation. full budget and spending plan, including development goals, legal structure, and research targets, available for all browse http://bit.ly/fkelhm universa corporation all rights reserved funding amount current staff headcount development $,, $,, $,, $,, $,, $,, $,, $,, $,, $,, $,, $,, research marketing $,, $,, $,, business dev. $,, $,, $,, $,, education $,, $,, $,, $,, $,, $,, $,, $,, $,, legal yearly budget $,, $,, $,, _development_potential additional services service providers can register regular server, with active universa smart contracts. there nothing special from "universa" point view, the nodes will behave like typical blockchain participants, but they can provide custom interactions extend the functionality the network and deliver advanced capabilities. for example, contract could incorporate set api calls external services allow and/or perform actions and generate results. public share contract can have endpoint that performs "vote" action for its owner specifying get post http request given url, endpoint generate dividends ecurrency emitted e-bank service. _use_case_examples universa will provide, either launch time shortly thereafter, reference implementations several common use cases for smartcontracts the universa platform. these reference implementations will open source and adaptable, allowing anyone directly copy them, use them basis for future developments. references will provided for "tokens", "invoices", "escrows", and "organizations". universa corporation all rights reserved token contracts common tokens the most basic example use smartcontracts will the generation common token asset. such assets can divisible, tradable, and are fungible; the contract will define actions check the balance wallet, and transfer tokens another wallet; this way, universa platform can host wide variety tradable assets for powering other platforms and trades. more advanced token contracts might contain functions for minting new tokens, burning existing supplies, freezing locking trading activities one account all accounts, and issuing authorizations for spending intermediary party. bank-backed tokens because smartcontracts are fully turing-complete and can interact with external apis, possible define common token contract that includes extra provisions for handling transfers to-and-from externally defined asset class, including but not limited bitcoin, ethereum, even fiat currencies. for example, contract might define token called "usd-tether" and support integration with bank account, and define function "selltokenstofiat", which accepts usd-tether coins burned and swift address input, and triggers outgoing wire the corresponding bank account. conversely, corresponding "buytokenswithfiat" action could defined that mints new usd-tether coins upon receipt inbound wire transaction. such contract might similarly used back universa assets with other digital assets, well, allowing full interoperability with external funding methods via the universa platform. invoice contracts for example, you are the boss any offline services firm, and you would like receive payments for your service instantly after delivery and with small transaction expenses. you create smart contract with all documentation appendix and conditions, and stipulate that your customer should send usd-tether tokens remuneration; the contract can defined specifically forward the assets directly the manager's account, your accounts receivable department. when your workers provide delivery, your staff ask the customer provide his digital signature for that action terminal and the transaction will executed immediately. this action can even made offline and registered the network later. necessary, before signing the contract you can send its body each other for negotiations, but when one side signs with universa corporation all rights reserved official digital signature becomes immutable document, and another side will able only sign the completely same contract not sign that contract all. escrow contracts digital exchanges "stock markets" similar how bank-backed tokens might leverage external apis allow the trade other digital fiat assets, smartcontract can defined provide trustless escrow lock two-party transaction release trade when both sides have posted their payments. this way, the exchange can facilitate cryptoto-crypto trades, even integrate with stock broker service allow other kinds securities traded, using utn, fiat, another digital asset payment. selling apartment first, the seller should prepare smart contract with package documents, that confirm his property. can images paper documents about his property, that are signed with his legal digital signature and, some countries notary also. that should allow change the owner exchange for defined bank token, this case for example the above-defined usd-tether token. now both sides can negotiate and revise the contract. after signing the contract both sides one them sends any node universa. universa checks all signatures and ensures the sufficient presence usd-tether tokens. the contract passes the verification nodes executing, the buyer receives the right possession the apartment, and the seller becomes the owner the bank note token. now the buyer can connect with local authorities registration departments send them documentation about the new apartment owner. digital autonomous organization "dao" contracts you are the ceo one firm and are organizing voting about new cfo. first, you create smart contract, which describes your proposition the new cfo, their rights and duties all common nuances standard legal document. after that, you press the button "start voting" your gui. next, you send the contract your involved colleagues via any channel even flash card and your legs. participants launch the contract, prove their identity and rights vote with their digital signature and vote. each vote creates another new, separate smart contract with the vote person, previously defined the main smart contract. after, these persons send their "vote" contracts you. after you receive enough such contracts you will able universa corporation all rights reserved update your main corporate smart contract with new cfo; the smart contract element digital workflow infrastructure, and because contains the paperwork attachments, represents fully legal document the same time. the smart contract allows the new cfo bill entities and pay salaries, and suitable for presentation the court and government tax service. _conclusion universa platform iterates cryptographic ledger technology, building eight years proven bitcoin success the distribution money and adapting with the tools needed address fundamental business concerns and governmental compliances. with transaction throughput improved several orders magnitude, built-in support for verifying document authenticity, and network trusted certified nodes, universa able provide necessary usability open new avenues into enterprise adoption. consumer needs are increasingly served rapid advances bitcoin and ethereum technologies, universa will continue lean into blockchain adoption and leverage distributed innovations serve the reliability and security demands corporations. universa corporation all rights reserved